wiki document:
cast:
Leonardo DiCaprio as Frank Abagnale, Jr.
Tom Hanks as Carl Hanratty
Christopher Walken as Frank Abagnale, Sr.
Nathalie Baye as Paula Abagnale.
Amy Adams as Brenda Strong

critical response:
 This is not a major Spielberg film, although it is an effortlessly watchable one 
the range and ease and cleverness that Martin Scorsese so underutilized in Gangs of New York
 Catch Me if You Can never takes itself or its subjects too seriously, and contains more genuinely funny material than about 90% of the so-called 'comedies' found in multiplexes these days 
bogged down over 140 minutes. A film that took off like a hare on speed ends like a winded tortoise.

director:
Steven Spielberg

genre:
biographical, crime

introduction:
Catch Me If You Can is a 2002 American biographical crime film directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg from a screenplay by Jeff Nathanson. The film is based on the life of Frank Abagnale, who, before his 19th birthday, successfully performed cons worth millions of dollars by posing as a Pan American World Airways pilot, a Georgia doctor and a Louisiana parish prosecutor. His primary crime was check fraud; he became so experienced that the FBI eventually turned to him for help in catching other checking forgers. The film stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks, with Christopher Walken, Martin Sheen, and Nathalie Baye in supporting roles.

movie name:
Catch me if you can

rating:
Rotten Tomatoes: 96% and average: 7.9/10
Metacritic Score: 76/100
CinemaScore: A-

year:
2002

description:
In 1963, teenaged Frank Abagnale lives in New Rochelle, New York with his father Frank Abagnale, Sr., and French mother Paula. When Frank Sr. is denied a business loan at Chase Manhattan Bank due to unknown difficulties with the IRS, the family is forced to move from their large home to a small apartment. Paula carries on an affair with Jack, a friend of her husband. Meanwhile, Frank poses as a substitute teacher in his French class. Frank's parents file for divorce, and Frank runs away. When he runs out of money, he begins relying on confidence scams to get by. Soon, Frank's cons increase and he even impersonates an airline pilot. He forges Pan Am payroll checks and succeeds in stealing over $2.8 million. 
The scene then flashes forward to a plane returning Frank home from prison, where Carl informs him that his father has died. Grief-stricken, Frank escapes from the plane and goes back to his old house, where he finds his mother with the man she left his father for, as well as a girl who Frank realizes is his half-sister. Frank gives himself up and is sentenced to 12 years in prison, getting visits from time to time from Carl. When Frank points out how one of the checks Carl is carrying as evidence is fake, Carl convinces the FBI to offer Frank a deal by which he can live out the remainder of his sentence working for the bank fraud department of the FBI, which Frank accepts. While working at the FBI, Frank misses the thrill of the chase and even attempts to fly as an airline pilot again. He is cornered by Carl, who insists that Frank will return to the FBI job since no one is chasing him. On the following Monday, Carl is nervous that Frank has not yet arrived at work. However, Frank eventually arrives and they discuss their next case. 
The ending credits reveal that Frank has been happily married for 26 years, has three sons, lives in the Midwest, is still good friends with Carl, has caught some of the world's most elusive money forgers, and earns millions of dollars each year because of his work creating unforgeable checks. 

conversation:
user2: Hi there
user2: Are you there?
user2: ???
user1: Hello, I'm here, my internet was just a little slow for a bit, sorry about that! 

conversation:
user2: Hey there, how are you?
user1: Hello. I’m great thanks 
user1: How are you
user2: Great! Have you ever seen the film, Catch Me If You Can? I'd like to talk about it with you if you'd like. 
user1: Would love to hear about it
user2: Great. Well it is a biographical crime directed by Steven Spielberg and starring Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hanks, Christopher Walken, and Amy Adams (to name a few).
user1: Awesome cast!
user1: Any reviews?
user2: Yes, the movie received a 96% on rotten tomatoes, but got a 76/100 on Metacritic.
user2: As one critic responded "this is not a major Spielberg film, although it is an effortlessly watchable one"
user1: Pretty good score
user1: What’s the story line?
user2: The story line is about the life of Frank Abagnale (Leo DiCaprio) who is a con artist who conned millions of dollars by posing as a Pan American Airways pilot, a Georgia doctor, and a Louisiana parish prosecutor.
user1: Cool. Think this was based on a true story
user2: Yes, this was based on a true story, though there are certainly some artistic licenses throughout the film, but the nonetheless a good watch with great acting.
user2: The beginning of the story is great because it tells how Frank had a hard time financially and how he fell into conning as a way to get by
user1: I’ll have to check this one out for sure. Ah that makes sense, the beginning set up the plot for conning
user2: Yes, it's quite interesting because he relies on forging checks so there is some tense moments where you're kind of rooting for him even though he's a con man. The premise is in the title "Catch Me If You Can". 
user1: Of course
user2: At one point, Frank is arrested an taken to jail and there is a flash forward where it skips in time, but eventually Tom Hanks (Carl Hanratty, in the film) convinces the FBI to take Frank on to work with them.
user1: Bet he was a good worker for the fbi. Knowing all the little tricks criminals use
user2: Exactly, but when he works there he starts to get the itch to get back into conning, and Carl (who works at the FBI) is constantly worried Carl is gonna disappear again
user1: I would too. Don’t blame him for worrying. 
user2: Frank* is gonna disappear again. Sorry for the typo, got excited!
user1: I’ve heard of this movie but don’t remember seeing it
user1: All good!
user2: It's great. Care to hear about the ending?
user1: Sure!
user1: I’m all about spoilers lol
user2: Well Frank settles down at the FBI (its assumed), and as the credits roll it is revealed the Frank has been married and happy for 26 years, has 3 sons and lives in the Midwest and still maintains a friendship with Carl.
user2: He made millions calling out money forgers and also made millions creating unforgeable checks

conversation:
user1: hey
user2: hey
user1: Great movie huh?
user2: It's alright.  Got some funny moments but its fairly forgettable
user1: Really you think its forgettable?
user2: Yeah.  I mean it's got a decent cast, but i've actually watched it a couple of times and I don't remember a whole lot about it
user1: I think this is another one of Leo's movies that put him on the map
user1: I dont know maybe im just bias cause I love all his movies
user2: I don't really follow the actors very much.  I'm far more interested in the characters they portray.
user2: eh, fair enough
user1: Well you have Leonardo Dicaprio he plays the protagonist who is a fraud and takes up all kinds of random jobs. He has no experience at all but is just a great con. Then you have Tom Hanks who plays as a FBI agent and he is tracking down Leo.
user2: yeah  dicaprio does a decent job with a less than memorable script, but ive never been really interested in biographical movies
user1: So you did not like The Wolf of Wall Street?
user2: never saw that one, so i can't say
user1: That was Biographic
user1: Wasn't directed by spielberg tho it was directed by Martin Scorsese 
user2: like i said, im not really interested in them.  if i wanted to learn about a person's life, i'd do actual research since movies tend to exagerate
user1: Yea true but its all entertainment and from watching the film you learn of these people they are portraying and it strikes interest for you to do your own research after.
user2: well wall street isn't anywhere near my area of interest so even if i watched it i doubt i'd do anything further
user2: eh
user2: its personal preferenece
user1: Sounds like your more into Documentary? 
user2: it depends on the topic.  animals yes, history yes, Modern Marvels not so much
user1: I like all kinds of things from all different movie genres, Memories, Docs and even Cartoons like Family Guy and even Anime.
user2: ditto, but it has to really pique my interest.  although i find family guy and other similar TV shows offensive, so i avoid them like the plague
user1: You know there meant to be funny but in a good way there all satire. It is the same thing if you watch Stand up comedians. 
user2: i understand that its satire, but i still think they take it too far.  so i don't watch it.  i don't blast people who do, but i just try to avoid them
user1: Stand up comics like Dave Chappelle and shows like Family Guy and South park are a good thing. Yea they make fun of serious topics but it is needed in today's society of cry babies. It brings people from all Cultures Race and and backgrounds together for a good laugh.
user2: to each their own
user1: How does the Requester for this hit expect us to talk about one movie this long?
user2: no idea

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: The Movie is Catch me if you can and you should absolutely go see it!
user2: Really
user2: Q
user2: Why
user1: It has a 96% on Rotten Tomatoes and has Tom Hanks as well as Amy adams in it
user2: Oh
user1: It is directed by Speilburg 
user2: Ok
user1: It follows Frank Abagnale Jr  who before his 19th birthday conned millions of dollars from people posing as a pilot and even a doctor
user1: do you have any questions about the film?
user1: are you still there?
user1: hello?
user1: The movie is from 2002
user1: Leonardo Dicaprio is in it
user1: Christopher Walken and Martin SHeen are also in this film in supporting roles
user1: His primary crime was check fraud
user1: Some critics thought it was a bit long
user1:  Some critics found the film very funny. Moreso than any actual comedies
user1: It was a biographic film
user1: Cinema Score gave it an A-

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Have you seen Catch Me If You Can?
user2: No, I haven't!
user1: It's great. I am a big Leonardo DiCapario fan. Do you like him?
user2: I do! I find him very attractive and talented!
user1: It's based on the story of a real con man.
user2: Oh really! 
user2: That sounds interesting!
user2: who else is in it?
user1: Tom Hanks and Christopher Walken.
user1: Also Amy Adams, though I don't know her well.
user2: Oh wow, I loved Tom Hanks in Forrest Gump!
user2: She's done a lot of movies with fairy tale characters
user1: This movie got 98% from Rotten Tomatoes.
user2: Oh that's good!
user1: I liked it as it didn't take itself too seriously. It's actually very funny.
user2: Oh, that's the best type of movie!
user2: When did it come out?
user2: I'm shocked since I haven't heard about it
user1: 2002
user2: Oh wow! An oldie then!
user1: I guess you could say that.
user1: You can probably see it on Netflix.
user2: Oh, that's much easier for me!
user2: I'm busy so I don't have time to go to the movies
user1: Where I live, nothing good ever plays.
user2: Oh that's unfortunate.
user1: I like that it based on a real character. At one point he steals 2.8 million dollars.
user1: Oh, I forgot. Steven Spielberg is the director.
user2: Oh that's cool!
user2: I just re-watched back to the future 
user2: he
user2: he's an amazing director
user1: I agree. You can't go wrong with one of his movies.

conversation:
user1: Hey, what did you  think of the movie?
user2: I like that it is a true story.
user1: Yeah, very cool. I loved it but I like con-man films in general. Leonardo DiCaprio was great.
user2: Did you like the movie.
user1: The acting...Leo, Hanks, Walkin...was great.
user2: Yeah I thought Dicaprio was great. But I think Tom Hanks made the movie super good.
user1: Yeah. And your true story point is good. I wonder what the real Frank Abagnale is like.
user2: Supposibly just like the character played by Dicaprrio.
user1: He must be funny. Movie was a crack-up. Very easy to watch. 
user2: I wonder if someone could still get away with something like that today.
user1: Probably could become POTUS these days.
user2: I wonder If the real guy is still alive.
user1: Good chance he is. Movie wasn't set too long ago.
user2: To think the guy was only 19 years old when he started.
user1: Yeah. Scorcese is a great director. I like it when great ones take on lighter, funnier plots. No reason to be serious all the time.
user2: Hey the guy was convincing enough to get a job with American World airways.
user1: Probably helps that he was young. You're braver and more confident at that age.
user2: He was also young when he went to prison.
user2: It is really great that the FBI hired him as a investigator years later.
user1: The twist of ending up working for the FBI is great. Reminds me of JFK's dad. He made a fortune insider trading (it was not illegal at the time) and then FDR made him the first commisioner of the SEC, where he was great at busting insider traders.
user2: Yes. It is almost the same story.
user2: I like Martin Sheens role.
user1: Everyone's a sucker for redemption flicks. This film must have made a fortune. 
user2: Wellhe made a fortune in the movie.
user1: People say the real guy made a lot of money inventing new ways of stopping cons.
user2: Makes sense.
user1: Everyone loves a happy ending too.
user2: Sort of reminds me of Forest Gump.
user1: DId you stay for the ending? They reveal the real guy then.
user1: During the credits, I mean.
user2: OH Yeah. Saw the photo of the real guy.
user2: A real good movie. 

conversation:
user1: Hello! How are you doing?
user1: I'm not able to see the document that we will be discussing. Do you mind telling me what movie it is that we will be talking about?
user1: I don't mean to pester you, but could you please confirm that you are receiving my messages?
user1: I'm sorry, but I am going to have to abort the conversation within the next couple of minutes if I don't receive a response from you.
user1: It has now been five minutes since we began this chat. If I have not heard from you within the next minute, I will have to abort this conversation. I am sorry for any inconvenience that this may cause for you.
user2: It is a film directed by Steven Spielberg in 2002 it's a bio graphical crime about the character named Frank Abagnale Whom at a young age ran away from home to commit fraud 
user1: What is the name of the film?
user2: Catch me if you can
user1: I don't think I've ever seen that, but I do remember hearing about it. Have you seen it?
user2: Yes I've seen it and is very good film
user1: It definitely sounds interesting. I will definitely watch it at some point. Why does the character run away from home?
user2: It is starring Leonardo Leonardo DiCaprio as Frank Abignale whom is a master at check fraud and Tom Hanks is the FBI agent who chases him
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks are both incredible actors. What is his reason for running away from home to commit fraud?
user2: He's running away from the character the Tom Hanks plays as the FBI agent agent who is trying to catch up who's trying to catch him for check fraud, Leonardo DiCaprio poses as a pan am American pilot
user1: Now that you mention it, I remember seeing the trailer for this and really wanting to see it.
user2: Yeah it's definitely a very suspense field film and if you like Leonardo DiCaprio you will very much enjoy this film
user1: Any film that I've ever seen with him in it was really good. It's ironic that you mention him because for some reason, I've been in the mood to watch Titanic.
user1: Has another movie now shown up on your end for us to discuss?
user2: This movie was really good I think it should have earned Leonardo DiCaprio the Oscar that he will deserves. This movie is definitely well watching it has Tom Hanks and Leonardo DiCaprio and it is very suspense field and will keep you on the edge of your seat the whole
user2: No other than that you mentioned titanic
user1: I like movies that keep me on the edge and that are suspenseful.
user2: Which titanic is one of my favorite Leonardo DiCaprio movies ever
user2: I think you would really enjoy this movie and you should give it a watch
user1: Me, too. I also really like Black Diamond. Catch Me If You Can will absolutely be the next movie that I watch.
user2: I have never seen black diamond does that also star Leonardo DiCaprio
user1: Do you know if Leonardo DiCaprio was nominated for an Oscar for this movie?
user1: Oh, I'm sorry. I meant Blood Diamond. Blood Diamond does star Leonard Dicaprio, yes.
user2: The only movie that I know of that Leonardo DiCaprio was nominated for Oscar wasThe movie named revenant
user2: Oh yes I have seen blood diamond in that was a very good movie as well
user1: Gotcha. I think he deserves a lot more than that.
user2: I agree it is sad that it took them this long to actually earn his Oscar although the movie the revenant was quite
user2: Amazing
user1: I agree as well. Given that Catch Me If You Can was released in 2002, I doubt he'll earn an Oscar for that. Any time that I see that a movie will be starring him or even that he'll be in, I'm always interested in watching it.
user2: Yes me as well he's a very good actor and deserves a lot more credit than what he has gotten
user2: If you are a Leonardo DiCaprio fan I suggest you also watch a film he starred in called inception
user1: I completely agree. You have definitely convinced me to watch Catch Me If You Can. Thank you for providing me with all of the information about it. Do you happen to know if it is available on Netflix?
user1: I've actually seen Inception, and it is a great movie!
user2: I wish it was available on Netflix but I'm not very sure that it is I have rented it from my movie store that is close to my home
user1: Okay. Well, thank you for all of the information. It looks like we are finished up with our chat. Thank you again for providing me with the information about the movie! Have a great night.
user2: Yes inception is a great film and Leonardo DiCaprio and Joseph Gordon Levitt star in that film
user1: I know. I love them both, and I love that movie.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hi
user1: Do you like movies?
user2: Love movies,how about you 
user1: yes i do 
user2: What’s your favorite movie 
user1: My favorite movies are comedy. I like I now pronounce you chuck and larry
user2: I like comedies too but my favorite movie is one flew over the cuckoos nest
user1: Yes that is an oldie but a goody
user2: It is a funny movie but the storyline is serious 
user1: That is true . I cannot believe that movie came out over 40 years ago
user2: I know
user2: I remember when I saw it in the movies 
user2: I’m getting old
user1: Jack Nicholson was very good in that movie. 
user2: He’s actually my favorite actor 
user1: Yes he is great . Gets into character with all his roles
user2: He sure does
user2: He’s my favorite Joker in Batman 
user1: Yes he was awesome as the joker.
user2: Yes
user2: We supposed to keep talking 
user1: They do not make movies like that anymore
user2: No they do not
user1: I think movies were better when they spent less on them
user2: I totally agree with that
user2: Seem simpler
user1: Today's generation would not understand a movie like that 
user2: Oh god
user2: You got that right 
user2: They wouldn’t get it 
user1: Louise Fletcher was in that movie too and she was very good 
user2: Nurse Ratchett
user2: How about the kid that played Billy Bibbit
user1: Yes that is correct
user2: I’ve seen him in criminal minds 
user2: Jim on Taxi
user1: Yes and it is funny how you see someone in a movie and always remember them for one character they played 
user2: A very young Danny devito 
user2: True 
user1: Danny Devito is very funny too
user2: Martini 

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: hello!
user1: The movie that was picked, I'
user1: I've never seen. 

conversation:
user2: Hello I’m not seeing what movie we’re supposed to be talking about.
user1: Well, I'm here to answer that. Have you, by chance, seen the movie 'Catch Me if You Can'?  It came out in 2002.
user1: It has Leonardo DiCaprio.

conversation:
user2: morning
user1: hi
user1: how are you?
user2: have you seen catch me if you can?
user1: no i have not
user2: im good staying warm here
user1: where are you? 
user2: you must go see it
user1: is there snow on the ground?
user2: ye
user1: tell me why I should see it.
user2: you like tom hanks and leonardo dicaprio?
user1: I like hanks more
user2: Well they both play there roles perfectly
user2: plus it keeps you guessing the whole time
user1: ok...that's not a very compelling reason
user2: which takes really good actors to pull that off
user1: what makes the move special? 
user2: Depends on what you like
user2: not every movie is going to be good for you
user1: there are a LOT of movies out there. I don't like to waste time seeing ones that I really don't like
user2: Like I would never watch musicals
user2: but some would
user1: i get that
user2: its got a fast paced to this movie
user1: I like documentaries 
user2: with a side romance
user2: side crime
user2: and humor
user1: I like movies based on true stories. 
user2: this is true story
user1: I like foreign films.
user1: OK...but you still have told me a really compelling reason to see the movie
user1: did it win any awards? 
user2: 96 percent rotten tomotoe
user1: is it a chick flick? 
user2: nope
user1: what's it rated? 
user2: biographical crime
user1: pg-13? R?
user2: director steven spielburg
user2: i think its pg-13
user1: does it glorify the criminal? and make him look good? 
user2: Watch the trailer and see if you like it
user2: Its more like con artist criminal work
user1: where can i find the trailer? 
user2: counterfitting money
user1: where can i find the trailer? 
user2: Youtube
user1: ok
user2: I think you will like it
user2: HAve a good day
user1: thanks for the recommendation
user1: what does IMDB say about it? 
user1: Are you still there? 

conversation:
user1: Did you like the movie?
user2: Yes I did.
user1: Who was your favorite actor in the film?
user2: Christopher Walken
user1: Do you like crime films?
user2: yes I really do.
user2:  Are they one of your favorites?
user1: Not particularly
user1: This movie wasn't too bad though
user2:  What was the name of the Pan-American airline pilot?
user1: Frank Abagnale
user2: Oh, now I remember it was Frank.
user2: I enjoyed his movies
user2:  actually I enjoy most of all this movie by Steven Spielberg.
user1: He's a very good director
user2:  Although it wasn't one of his major movies it was one that was very enjoyable.
user2: yes he really is a good director.
user2: Christopher Walken  is also a good actor.
user1: I agree
user2:  The  background for many of the scenes which is just incredible.
user2: I wonder how he felt when he was told that his father had died.
user1: I know. This would be crazy if it happened in real life 
user1: He was probably really sad
user2: I feel the same way as you do regarding that particular scene.
user2: it was fairly uncomfortable when I recognize that she had left his father for another man.
user2:  That gave me the feeling of the real bummer.
user1: I felt the same way
user1: I'm glad he ended up happy though
user2: I especially enjoy the sea when Frank gave himself up.
user2:  yes I can comprehend.
user2:  There's always a great deal of action going on the movies that took place in New York City.
user1: That makes sense. New york city is a busy place
user2:  All I enjoyed the point whereas he was working at the FBI.
user1: That part was exciting
user2:  I had not realized that the check Carl was carrying was a fake.
user2: yes, is very exciting.
user2: Was it not Frank that pointed the fact that the check Carl was carrying was fake
user1: Yes it was
user2: .I also enjoyed the students seem where Frank was offered a deal by the FBI.
user1: I did too
user1: And when he tries to be a pilot
user2:  It was pretty cool the way that he was able to work out the remainder of his prison sentence.
user2: yes can you imagine him being a pilot.
user1: Yeah I agree 
user1: No I can't haha
user2: what do you suppose is on his mind at that time?
user1: He's probably just on an adrenaline high from doing things he isn't supposed to
user1: Kind of wrapped up in the excitement
user2:  I do agree.
user2:  Frank, is quite a character.
user1: I can't believe it's based on a real person
user2: What about the part when he poses as a substitute teacher?
user2:  Yes, he was quite a person.
user2:  Frank lived his life to the fullest.
user1: Oh yeah, I forgot about  the teacher part
user1: I wonder what it was like to be his students
user2: It seems like he had a very enjoyable childhood.
user2:  Being a student of Frank probably was pretty cool.
user1: It was probably fun
user2: I would definitely agree, fun it was.
user2: I did know Frank  had it in him to teach.
user1: Yeah 
user1: He seems really smart
user2: I would love to have been a student at that time
user1: Me too
user2: The scene where Frank is returning home by way of flying on a plane from prison must have felt funny. to him.
user2: Is anyone there?

conversation:
user1: Hi!
user1: The movie is catch me if you can
user2: yeah< have you seen it?
user1: It was produced in 2002 and is a biographical, crime genre.
user1: I have. I would love to tell you about it
user2: 2002, probably it would fit to describe leonardo
user2: please go on and tell me something
user1: It was directed by steven spielberg
user1: It was given a rating of 96% on rotton tomatoes and an metacritic score of 76
user1: Its cinemascore was A-
user2: that is kind of cool 
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio is the lead actor, who plays Frank Abagnate Jr.
user2: though I have not seen it but I have a little reveiw about it too
user2: I think he was a scam in the movie
user1: Yes, he starts out posing as a substitute teacher in his French class
user1: And when his parents file for divorce, he runs away
user1: And while on the run, he begins to scam to get by
user1: And his scams get more and more crazy, even becomming a pilot
user2: I hate it when couple cheat on themselves and Frank's mother was a cuprilt here
user2: yes he was a master of forgery
user2: I think his actions stemmed from the fact that his dad could not obtain the loan
user1: yes he was. and cheating is never pleasent
user1: He gets captured, but after finding out his father is dying, he excapes again
user2: so his father died while frank was in prison
user1: He realizes the family he had growing up is no long that family and decides to turn himself in
user2: the mother is not relenting, she didn't change 
user1: But he is offered a deal to help out a bank fraud cause
user2: I think he has a history with Carl
user2: an I guess they both became good friends afterall
user1: Yeah, and its nice because it ends with credits saying that Frank has been happily married for 26 years and has three sons and is still good friends with Carl
user2: And he had a happy family in the end unlike his parents
user2: but in can not imagine how he invents unforgeable cheques
user2: *i can not
user1: Yeah, he seemed to learn a lot on the run, and very quickly
user2: I think the other people in the cast did great too
user1: I like that its a true story

conversation:
user2: What's your imput regarding the movie?
user1: Catch me If You Can.  Starring Leonardo DiCaprio
user1: Directed by Steven Spielberg
user1: 96% on rotten tomatoes
user2: Sounds nice, is it a new one?
user1: came out in 2002
user2: ok how was it?
user1: It's about Frank Abignale (Leo DiCaprio) conning millions of dollars by cashing fake airline checks.
user2: Sounds intriguing.
user1: Tom Hanks plays the fbi agent trying to track him down
user2: What was the rating?
user1: Frank pretended to be a pilot.  How crazy is that
user1: And based on a true story
user2: Sounds cool.
user1: Frank ran away from homw as a teenager when his parents got a divorce.  big money problems with the IRS
user1: Mom had an affair, etc
user1: Frank pretended to be a substitute teacher which got him addicted to posing as others
user2: Wow sounds like a good movie to look at where you can learn about everyday life.
user1: stole 2.8 million by forging airline pay checks while posing as a pilot
user1: yes it does
user1: christopher walken plays franks dad
user2: Guess i will look at it today
user1: towards the end frank received word that his dad died, rushed back home and found his mom living with the guy she had an affair with.
user1: He got caught and sentenced to 12 years
user2: Wow sounds like a movie i would really like to look at.
user1: BUT, he served most of his sentence as an fbi agent working in the bank fraud division because he knew what to look for in conning banks via checks, etc
user2: sounds great
user2: Is it on netfix?
user1: i'm not sure.  probably worth looking up for sure
user2: yes i will surely do that after i complete the suvey.
user1: at the end during the credits frank was married for 26 years with 3 kids.  still friends with the fbi agent that caught him lol
user2: sounds incredible.
user1: he even earns millions a year creating unforgeable checks
user1: and helped catch some of the most elusive forgers across the world
user2: awesome i definitely gotta look at that movie.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi
user2: Have you ever seen Catch Me if you Can?
user1: Yeah, like 10 years ago
user2: Did you like it?
user1: i thought it was great
user2: I think Leo is a good actor. 
user1: yeah me too, and also very good looking
user2: Did you like Tom Hanks in it?
user1: yeah I love that guy, his the coolest guys
user2: I forgot that Amy Adams is in it
user1: she? was
user2: Yes
user1: she was?
user1: wow
user2: Even Chris Walken was in it. A lot of stars
user1: oh wow
user2: It really captured the time period
user1: yeah it does, was it this one jennifer garner was in too
user2: I am surprised it got a low score on Metacritic
user2: I am not sure about that one
user1: I not sure what metacritic is so I dont think their opinion is relevant, the movie was great\
user2: It got a much better rating on rotten tomatoes
user1: yeah, i can believe that
user2: There has not been a lot of movies like it
user1: yeah that true
user2: The genre is biographical. I did not realize that
user1: Yeah I think it about a famous con artist
user2: The story is really interesting 

conversation:
user1: What are your thoughts on Catch Me If You Can?
user2: although this is not a major Spielberg film, I believe Leonardo Dicaprio does a great job portraying Frank Abagnale.
user2: Do you think Catch Me If you Can received a fair score?
user1: It was genuinely funny though, Martin Scorsese really outdid himself. It shouldve scored lowered it was rather boring to me.
user2: However you cannot deny the brilliance this con man performed, played by Leonardo DiCaprio. Unbelievable how he outsmarted the fbi for so long.  
user1: It seemed to drag along, It was also lame to me that he helped the FBI, even after they captured him and used him as a pawn. Did you enjoy Tom Hanks character?
user2: you mentioned the film was genuinely funny, do you think that added to the biographical crime drama or added to it
user2: ?
user1: I think it took away from the seriousness of the film
user1: Im surprised he did all those crimes at such a young age though
user2: You commented that it was lame that the FBI used him after his capture. However, as mentioned above it is biographical this is what he did in real life and totally agree about how young he was. Just before his 19th birthday
user2: Do you think Franks circumstances justified his actions? 
user2: Do you feel for him?
user1: Yes I do, stealing from the rich is the best to do in aiding to equality, the federal government used him like a slave id never have helped them
user1: what is your opinion on it?
user2: Well he posed as a Pan American World Airways Pilot, I think that posed a huge threat. Imagine the passengers finding out he is not a real pilot. 
user2: This story takes place in 1963 and beyond. Do you think it was easier to commit a crime such as what Frank did portrayed in this movie?
user1: Do you like Steven Spielberg, No I believe with the internet nowadays , anything you seek is one screen away.
user2: I enjoy Steven Spielberg films. He often times works on big budget commercial films. Even though this is not considered as of the bigs. This was an interesting story to tell.  
user1: Did you enjoy the scenes in this film showing the hardships he faced while in jail?
user2: Carl visits Frank on multiple occasions. Eventually convincing the fbi that his skill set is necessary for the fbi department. However, once out he attempts to fly once again. Do you think he learned his lesson? I think not
user1: I do not think so, do you think what he did was wrong? The thrill of the chase is something we all seek
user2: Apparently his misbehavior was not enough for the fbi to not want him.
user2: He meets up with Carl and they discuss their next case
user1: Did you like the scenes him as a teenager in New York?
user1: It was sad when his father died
user2: I think he lived a crazy life, and his fathers death is what finally broke him down enough to stop what he was doing and report himself to the fbi
user2: Do you think it is weird how America celebrates people such as Frank as a hero? From criminal to now hero
user1: It isnt weird, he is a beacon of freedom, showing that you can judge on superficial statuses or moral berameters, but on the skills and values they have that have the potential to change society as a whole.
user1: what is your stance on the matter?
user2: He lived a criminal life and was able to gain valuable skills and experiences other hard working citizens will never get the opportunity to experience. He now makes millions   
user1: That is there choice, he showed them that anything is possible if you put your mind to it.
user1: did you like franks sisters role in the movie?
user2: anything is possible even if it means breaking the law and causing countless people pain and taking away their hard earned money 
user2: I do not think what I mentioned above is fair in any way. 

conversation:
user1: This movie is definitely way different then any other SS movie. I can understand the statement that imply's there is more comedy involved then other movies. 
user2: I haven't seen this entire movie before, but I have always wanted to watch it.
user1: Does the trailers make you want to watch it or does friend reviews make you want to watch it?
user2: The trailers are what made me want to watch the movie initially. But now I've heard from several people that it's a good movie. Have you seen it before?
user2: I generally like anything that has Leonardo DiCaprio in it. I can see how this would be a good movie the plot seems to be very interesting. It seems like it would have a lot of action in it.

conversation:
user1: I thought Leonardo DiCaprio was really good as Frank Abagnale, Jr.
user2: So did I. Do you usually like Leonardo DiCaprio?
user1: I would say that yeah, I usually he do. He tends to be a really good actor in any movie that he's in. 
user2: Tom Hanks was great too. I'm usually not as big of a Tom Hanks fan as I am of DiCaprio, but he did a great job.
user1: Yup, Tom Hanks was great too. I did think it was odd having Christopher Walken as Leo's dad since they don't look much alike.

conversation:
user1: what is your favorite feature in this movie?
user2: the way he performed so many cons
user2: how bout the cast very rich in talent
user1: i feel like the amount of cons that he preformed with the checks and the identities was very much enlightening into the fact of reality
user1: yes the cast was very rich in talent by far one of tom hanks best preformances and christopher walken was amazing
user2: yea i feel that is a accurate statement ,but in this time and age very hard
user2: and all that before his 19th birthday
user1: yes it is very hard. its difficult to imagin that there are people doing that every day in this world. i however dont feel it was speilbergs best work as he has had so many great produvtions
user1: thats amazing he pulled so many scams before his 19th burthday and to be faking being a pilot now a days is not possible
user2: well it was not a "major spielberg film" so you gotta take that into account
user1: that is true. hard to believe he was doing that to his parents though that has to be hard
user1: was definitley i feel one of leonardo di caprios best preformances though
user2: yea but i felt his character was very narcissistic to begin with
user2: i agree totally he has become a very good actor
user1: yes very and so self centered and not concerned with anyone he hurt
user2: thats unfortunately how con people are
user1: i believe he has had a few movies that were very very worthy. but this was actually a true story and to know that the fbi had put him to work after
user1: i think its interesting how they offered him a job but his poor mother the heartache she had to endure
user2: yea the fbi does have record of doing that
user1: can u imagine feeling or wandering if he would show up for the job afer all he had done
user2: lol the whole life he led was probably interesting
user1: it did seem very interesting it was fast and care free and living it up thats for sure
user2: yea but it seems he ran fast burned out young
user1: alot similar to his role in great gatsby
user1: most certainly did but he eventually ended up doin right
user2: but at least the ending is good still making money doing what he loves
user1: yes very true and with his knoweledge im sure it helped to catch quiet a few people
user2: thats irony for you
user1: it most certainly is 
user2: how do we know when we are done
user1: the finish conversation button light up
user2: thanks great chatting with you

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi!
user1: I was really surprised when I found out that the movie is based on the real story
user2: Me too.
user2: Super impressive.
user2: I can't believe it came out in 2002.
user1: O yes, I also feel like it is recent
user1: I am also surprised to see how high the tomatoes rank is 
user2: Agreed.
user2: It's hard not to love DiCaprio in this film.
user2: He really brought that boyhood innocence but mixed with the intelligence of a great conartist.
user1: On the other hand, his character is definitely NOT a good guy
user1: but rather a charming one
user2: I love the fact that he ended up getting a job working for the government.
user2: I'm surprised the Metacritic score was so low
user1: Yes, it seems like the conartist should be good in recognizing other cons
user1: about metacritic - same here
user1: also when you see critical response quotes they are also not stellar
user2: I was surprised about those too.
user2: This is one of the few movies that I can re-watch. 
user2: I couldn't believe how good Tom Hanks was, too.
user1: Did you watch it back in 2002 when it first came out or later?
user1: I mean for the first time
user1: I also like how in the end he misses the adrenaline rush so much that he is back to fraud
user2: I watched it later. Years later.
user2: Right?
user2: When you're better than the government it's probably hard to resist the urge haha
user1: I guess it is also about that statistically he got away more often than he got caught
user1: And I also like how in the end he gets to create those unforgeable checks
user2: So true
user2: Oh, he was really good. That's for sure.
user1: it's like those stories when IT security companies hire hackers who manage to find and exploit some holes in the code
user2: I forgot that Steven Spielberg directed it.
user2: True!
user1: Same here
user2: That's kind of how they find their best talent if they're being serious
user2: Nice talking with you!
user1: Thanks!

conversation:
user1: Hi
user1: Hello?
user2: Hi
user2: Have u watched this movie ? 
user1: Which movie?
user2: It's one of my favourite
user1: Whats it about
user2: Catch me if you can
user1: No I have never heard of it
user1: Why is it good?
user2: It's about a young boy who is genius
user2: You  can say he was Jack of all tasks but master of none
user1: Who directed it?
user2: He adopted every profession just by acting 
user2: Steven stelburg
user1: You mean Spielberg?
user2: It's a crime movie basically
user2: But at the end to hanks put his crime on right direction
user1: K
user1: Where did you go?

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: hey
user1: Have you seen Catch me if you can?
user2: I have. How did you like it?
user1: I really enjoyed it. I'm a big fan of Spielberg and DiCaprio.
user2: Yes DiCaprio is awesome. Do you remember the name of the actor he played?
user1: Yeah it was Frank Abagnale, Jr. The entire cast was great.
user2: Yes. Tom Hanks and Christopher Walked.
user2: What year did the movie come out?
user1: It came out in 2002 and received rave reviews.
user1: Do you remember the scene where Frank pretended to be a substitute teacher?
user2: Yes, I've read some of the reviews and they are stellar.
user2: Yes, Great scene.
user1: Agreed. Frank went through a lot in his childhood and that made his character more empathetic
user2: He did. I love the scene where he tries to cash a check by flirting with the teller. So funny 
user1: Lol yeah, Leo's charisma really shines through in the movie
user1: There were lots of sad scenes too
user2: There was. I can't believe he never attended flight school. To funny.
user2: Do you remember if it was nominated for any Oscar's?
user1: I'm not sure. It may have been considering the strength of the cast and the director.
user1: One oscar-worthy scene was Frank realizing that his dad passed away. Leo should have won an oscar just for that scene
user2: I remember it being nominated for 2. Not sure if it was for that scene. Lol
user1: Lol, maybe the scene pushed it over the edge. What I like about the movie is that its a story of redemption, especially the ending
user2: Yes, so true. It was so well written.
user1: Leo and Spielberg only choose the best.
user2: Yes. My favorite genre too. Bio, crime and drama
user1: Wow, that's oddly specific. It also received my favorite rating: a 96% fresh on rottentomatoes
user2: That's really high. Will I think we're done here. Take care

conversation:
user2: Hello, how are you today?
user1: Hello, I'm fine and you? 
user2: I'm great thanks. Are you familiar with the movie, Catch me if you can?
user1: I'm not sure, is iit
user1: A magician movie?
user2: It came out in 2002. Oh, no you're thinking of Now You See Me
user1: Oh ok
user2: Catch me if you can is much older, it stars Leonardo Dicaprio and Tom Hanks.
user1: Ok, no I'm not familiar with that movie
user1: What genre is it? 
user2: Oh ok. It is a really great crime biography about an actual criminal that was able to fool police for years.
user1: Wow, that sounds interesting 
user2: It definitely is. I normally don't mean it when I tell people they should watch a movie on these hits, but this time, I mean it. Leo plays the criminal, and Tom Hanks plays the one detective that refuses to let him get away.
user2: They eventually develop a friendship with one another because over the years they get so used to the cat and mouse game.
user1: Oh wow, I have to look that up 
user1:  Both are great actors so I know the movie is well done 
user2: Definitely check it out. It also has Christopher Walken in it and he plays Leo's dad.
user1: Ok, cool 
user2: It's a fun movie all around. Beautiful scenery, pretty exciting scenes
user1: Awesome. Are you a fan of Decaprio and Hanks? 
user2: And if you liked the movie Now You See Me, it's actually very much like that. Has an Oceans 11 vibe, where you keep wondering how he's going to get away with it. 
user2: Yea I don't think I've ever seen a bad movie from either of them.
user1: Interesting 
user2: I really loved Leo in Inception and Gangs of New York.
user1: I loved both oceans 11 and now you see me 
user2: Then I definitely think you will enjoy this movie. 
user2: I won't give away the ending, but it is very unique.
user1: I believe I've seen inception but not gangs of New York 
user2: Gangs of New York was great, but very violent.
user1: I will definitely search for it this weekend 
user2: The departed was also a really great movie with leonardo dicaprio and Jack nicholson
user2: Well, it's been a pleasure talking to you. I hope you enjoy it!
user2: Have a great day!

conversation:
user2: did you enjoy the movie?
user1: Yes, I have seen Catch Me If You Can.Have you seen it?
user2: I had no prior knowledge of the movie until now.
user1: It came out in 2002 and starred Leonardo DiCaprio.
user2: yes, I enjoy Steven Spielberg movies.
user1: The critics said that it's not a major Spielberg film but it is an effortlessly watchable one.
user2: Yes, you're completely right however, it was a very enjoyable movie as well.
user1: Do you generally watch movies with good ratings? This movie scored 76/100 on metacritic
user2: Yes, I do. The The moon was very well structured.
user1:  Do you like movies in the crime/biopic genre?
user2: Yes, please forgive me I simply referred to the movie was very well structured.
user2: Of course, lots of action and imagination.
user1: Yes, I got the gist of your reply in spite of the typo. 
user2:  I especially enjoyed the seeing whereas he returned home to find his mother with the man that she left his father where.
user2: Leaving his father for that particular man
user1: Yes, that is a good scene. 
user1: I enjoyed the portion of the film where he impersonates an airline pilot.
user2: Now, can you imagine Frank as a school teacher?
user1: I cannot. I don't think he could relate to children.
user1: But he is very good at impersonating people.
user2: Yes, that was a very cool part.
user2: Frank has special talents or should I say hidden talents
user1: Yes, he is an expert forger.
user1: He stole 2.8 million from an airline.
user2: that's a nice these work
user2: I'm quite certain that break involvement was very honest
user1: I'm sorry, I don't quite understand what you mean.
user2:  I also enjoyed the character that Christopher Walken played
user1: Tom Hanks was great as Carl the FBI agent.
user2:  Yes, he definitely played a  super role with his character
user1: It is interesting that the real life versions of the characters are good friends.
user2:  The vast majority of the movies that he appears in  are really good
user1: Yes, he is a great actor.
user1: The entire cast of this film are strong actors.
user2: yes Frank led a very interesting life
user2:  Yes you are correct
user2:  The structure of the movie and the characters involved with the various personalities made the movie something special
user1: Yes, his ability to become different people is very interesting. DiCaprio is a skilled actor
user2:  As I said earlier,  crime movies are very cool to watch that include extraordinary events
user1: Yes, they are.
user2: The movie was very motivating and interesting.
user1: And the character only got 12 years in prison. Which is amazing.
user2: Do you think that he deserved that type sentence
user2:  Or, he got off easy
user1: I am surprised it wasn't longer.
user2: I do agree with that
user2: Frank had a personality plus
user1: Yes he did.
user2: Is very complicated if you will toothache that a person actually did these things
user1: Yes, but it was a long time ago, before technology made this type of impersonation more difficult.
user2: In today's society do you think Frank stood a chance as a root repeated offender
user1: No I think he would be in prison for life.
user2: Yes today's technology would not a very good friend to Frank
user1: He would be caught quickly. Especially trying to fly a plane. 
user2: the scene when he was told to take the deal was pretty cool as well
user1: Yes. I enjoyed the scene where he gets out of jail as well.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello. I enjoyed watching Catch Me If You Can with Leonardo DiCaprio, did you?
user2: Yes, I did. I'm amazed at what he did all at age 19.
user2: He must have looked older than 19 to fake being a doctor.
user2: What did you like about it?
user1: I agree. I can't believe how much money he ended up conning out of people.
user1: And Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks are always enjoyable in any movie.
user2: I like it that the film was about a real person.
user2: Yes, Tom Hanks is one of my favorite actors.
user1: I like movies that portray that type of behavior in a fun way without taking it too seriously.
user2: I like Amy Adams too.
user2: Yes, I agree, I like a film that can have both serious content, and some levity.
user1: She is always entertaining.
user2: It is so impressive that Frank was able to impersonate such highly technical professions as medicine and law. He must be a consummate liar.
user1: I can't believe it's possible to impersonate an airline pilot. 
user2: Oh, yes! That is inconceivable!
user1: I guess all it takes is confidence and desperation.
user2: I don't have the tool kit to do any of that. Do you?
user1: I can't imagine most of the things he manages to do. I am a teacher, so I might be able to do that one, but I don't knwo French.
user2: Overall, I really enjoyed this film and I will watch it again.
user1: I am glad that he got caught, though. And it's good that he managed to be turned into an asset for the FBI.
user2: Yes, that is the best part of it, that he was able to redeem himself and go on to do good work for society.
user1: I wish I knew what happened to the real Frank--whether he stayed with the FBI or went back to crime.
user2: We can Google him when we're done. 
user1: Good idea.
user1: Oh, I guess he did stay with the FBI. He got married and had children.
user1: I wonder where you can buy his unforgable checks.
user2: Yeah, I had already looked him up, but wasn't sure it was okay to discuss it here.
user1: The newest paragraph has that information. 
user2: Oh, whoopsie.
user1: I'm glad we found out without breaking the rules.
user2: It was sad, the broken relationship he had with his dad. It must be tough to have a parent like that.
user1: It is. I'm glad that he managed to have a stable family himself.
user2: It was great that Carl became a sort of father figure for him. It shows Frank's intelligence and willingness to change, that he could adapt to a better life.
user2: It kind of gives you hope the your own loved ones who are struggling still have a chance to turn their lives around. I mean, if someone as deep into trouble as Frank is can do it, then maybe others can too.

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hello, how are you?
user2: good, you?
user1: Fantastic
user2: Have you seen the movie Catch Me If you can?
user1: I have.
user1: What did you think about it?
user2: it is great. Just a few people knew that actually it is a Steven Spielberg movie
user1: I did not know it was a Spielberg movie.
user2: Everyone remember the movie as the one where Tom Hanks and Leo DiCaprio plays together
user1: Whats the movie about again?
user2: Leo is a con-man, dublicating checks and Tom Hanks is the detective who is trying to catch him
user2: Are you sure you watched it. If not I strongly recommend it.
user1: Wow, that sounds fun. What time period does it take place in.
user1: I meant to say "I have not watched it"
user2: Ohhh, ok, then definitely watch it.
user1: It definitely sounds like something I would be interested in. Spielberg, Hanks and DiCaprio. Can't go wrong with that.
user2: right. Let me tell you more about the movie but not spoilers
user1: Absoulutely
user2: Leo is a very smart young guy who is just forging checks. He stole more than 2.8 million dollars from an airline company before even they realized
user2: Tom Hanks, the FBI guy became obsessed about this guy, and made a real effort to catch him
user2: This is why the movie is called, catch me if you can
user1: Wow, this movie sounds like a good one!
user2: It is based on a true story by the way
user2: At the ending credits, they tell us what happened to the characters in real life
user1: A true story? Wow
user1: It definitely sounds like something I'd like to check out.
user2: do you want to learn anything else about the movie
user1: Sure
user2: then ask :)
user1: Do you know what time period it takes place in?
user2: the story begins at 1963
user1: Ok thanks
user2: the times when it was easier to forge checks
user1: I think I've heard enough. I will definitely check this movie out very soon.
user2: thanks, bye

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: Hey! Have you seen Catch Me If You Can?
user1: Yes
user1: is the film that you have to tlak me about?
user2: You should rewatch it. It's so good. Did you like Leonardo DiCaprio in it?
user1: He is a great actor, I love his performance in that film
user2: Usually biographical true stories aren't my thing but it was so entertaining.
user1: What did you liked the most about the film ?
user2: I just liked all of the different cons he does. Like when he pretended to be a pilot and a doctor. 
user2: The beginning is funny too, when he pretends to be the teacher in his own class.
user1: It has been a long time since I have seen the film, is there a reason to see it again ?
user2: Well it has a 96% fresh score on rotten tomatoes
user1: They are usually right, it must be a good film.  Does the film stays funny or it takes a dramatic turn ?
user2: It gets darker in the end for sure. His cons start falling apart I think when he falls in love with the nurse in Louisiana but she refuses to run away with him.
user1: That is quite a downer, who are the others actors ?
user2: Tom Hanks is the detective who is after him and Christopher Walken is his dad.
user1: of the detective or the conman ?
user1: sorry, I misread you sentence
user1: What is the role of the dad ?
user1: What does he brings to the story ?
user2: Haha it's cool. The dad's money problems are what inspire Frank to start conning people. He dies later in the movie. His death is part of the reason why Frank decides to end the chase.
user1: Ok , it seems a good story with characters with more than one motivation. I like complexe characters
user2: Yeah me too. It's based on a real guy so it has to be complex.
user2: It has a satisfying ending too.
user1: do you feel that some elements in the story were added to make it more interesting ?
user2: Probably the dramatic details. But the overall story is true, the dude actually got away pretending to be a pilot, doctor, and lawyer. He made millions forging checks.
user1: What did you liked about the ending ?
user2: I like the relationship that develops between Frank and Carl (the detective played by Tom Hanks)
user2: I like how they develop a weird friendship. And then they end up being actual friends and working together for the FBI.
user1: How did your liked the performance of Tom Hanks ?
user2: He's always great. His character was kind of understated in this movie, probably because they didn't want him stealing the stage from Leo.
user1: Is there anything bad about the movie ? Everyone liked it ?
user2: Some people didn't like how the pace slows down at the end. It feels especially slow since the beginning moves so fast.
user1: It does not matter much to me, it think films should be more dynamic and surprising.
user1: I think I have to re-watch this film, I was looking for a good film
user1: have a good day
user2: It's nice for when you want to watch something lighthearted but not stupid.

conversation:
user2: I thought "Catch me if you can" was a pretty cool movie.
user1: I think they chose well when they picked Leonardo Dicaprio to play the main role in this movie. He is a very talented actor and really helped make this movie great. 
user1: It kind of blew my mind that check fraud on this level was even possible
user2: Yes he did. Being able to perform cons worth millions of dollars and at such a young age takes a great deal of chamr and talent. Leonardo Dicaprio definitely has that.
user1: Yes, he is charming for sure. 
user2: I believe it absolutely deserved the CinemaScore of A- as well as its Rotten Tomatoes score of 96%
user1: I agree....How do you feel about using criminals to help catch other criminals?
user2: I thinks its complete wisdom. Who better to guide authorities than the very criminals that are outsmarting them. 
user2: I remember rooting for him not to get caugt when watching this movie.
user1: Me too...and it gives them a chance to give back and pay for their crimes in a better way than just serving time.
user2: Guess, I was living a little vicariously through DiCaprio's character. I was 19 once. Would have loved to experience some of those things just a little. lol
user1: It is crazy to think that he was able to con at that level while so young. I guess it just shows you adapt when you need to. 
user1: I understand the appeal...At the very least sounds exciting not to mention the money. 
user2: It just goes to show how much more innocent and unsuspecting the times were back then. All this was years before 9/11 and the strict security standards that are in place now. 
user2: Oh the money is unfathomable at that age! 
user1: Thats a good point...Kinda scary to think about what he was able to get away with.
user2: I love the New Rochelle, NY accents they use in the movie.
user2: He wouldn't even get past the ticket counter in today's environment. Much less security screening or gate. 
user2: We can barely get through and we have legitimate tickets. Lol..
user2: The freedom that was given to frank after he agreed to work with the FBI is also very unrealistic in todays standards. 
user1: I know ...It feels overboard but I guess it is needed. You know Tom Hanks was also very fitting for his part as well. Isnt is funny that once a person plays a part and is good at it you cant imagine anyone else filling that role. Do you think they are just that good at picking the right actors or do you think the actor makes the part?
user1: Very true. I dont believe that would even happen in today's world. 
user2: I believe its a little bit of both. Amazing actors like Hanks and DiCaprio are absolutely gonna sell the character but also the directors are wise for picking them for roles that showcase their strengths. 
user1: Makes sense...You know I really enjoy movies where I can root for the bad guy sometimes. 
user2: To think that someone could con their way as a pilot and actually sit in a live cockpit, get caught spend time in prison, get released in order the work with the FBI and then reattempt to scam their way back in a cockpit is unreal to me.
user1: Wow..That ending though...Hard to believe. Guess it was the times. 
user2: Oh yeah. You gotta have those root for the bad guy sometime films. I believe its the talent of the actor that determines whether or not you desire to root for the bad guy or not.
user2: In this case, the bad guy was a charming kid and no one ever appeared to get hurt and so its easy in this case.
user1: True! I cannot believe he has such a great legit life after...
user1: I wonder if his kids know about his past etc.
user2: Yeah, his after life is ridiculous. Who else does that happen to?
user2: To think that he now earns millions of dollars for doing what he once did to con people is ridiculous. I love it !
user2: Nice talking with you!
user1: No one...Again, that would never happen now. I mean why waste such a talent though. 

conversation:
user1: Hi! Have you seen the movie Catch Me If You Can?
user2: Hi! Yes, I have seen the film. 
user2: Have you seen it?
user1: Yes. Did you know that it was based on a true story?  He had done all of those cons by his 19th birthday?
user2: I did. It's an incredible story how someone was able to be so conniving at such a young age. 
user2: The cast was great. I also really enjoyed the soundtrack. It's one of my favorites. 
user1: I always think that with his intelligence, what could he have done legitimately?
user2: Hard to know, possibly work for the FBI, which he eventually ended up working for. 
user1: The cast was great: Tom Hanks, Leonardo DiCaprio, Christopher Walkens, and even Amy Adams.
user2: Yeah, the actors were perfectly cast, and they had great chemistry.
user1: I thought that Tom Hanks was not at all like his usual characters.
user2: It surprisingly had many funny moments, for what essentially was a serious offense. I enjoyed the cat and mouse chase between Hanks and DiCaprio
user2: Agree. He had plenty of range in this role. Not as serious as the ones he usually picks
user2: I also really enjoyed the relationship between Christoper Walken and DiCaprio
user1: This all happened in the sixties. When Frank's parents went down financially, they divorced. Frank ran away and started running elaborate cons to get by. He stole over 2.8 million!
user2: Such a large amount of money back then. Unbelievable! 
user2: He even posed as a pilot several times 
user1: He impersonated a pilot! How would anyone have enough guts to teach themselves to fly a plane?
user2: and a doctor!
user1: That was the other big one! Didn't he pass medical school board exams? He really was a genius.
user2: This was also a film that was unlike many of Steven Spielberg's traditional films, but works very well. 
user2: Yeah, he did. 
user2: He even posed as a Louisiana Parish! 
user1: Do you remember when Tom Hank's character tells Frank his father has died? Frank goes back to his old house where he sees his mother, a step father, and step sister?
user2: I remember that scene. Sad scene. 
user2: He didn't want to believe him when he told him. 
user1: He gives up and goes to prison for 12 years.
user2: When he gets out he was still so young to have worked for the FBI to help them uncover fraudulent checks. 
user1: Carl visits him and after Frank points out that the evidence he has for a case is a fake check, Carl gets him to live out his sentence working for the FBI.
user2: I like that he and Tom Hanks characters became good friends, and you could see over the course of the film he cared for him. 
user1: The ending credits show that Frank married, had 3 children, and lives in the midwest. He ended up making millions making unforgeable checks. 
user2: It was good to see he made money doing something honest and was able to use his talents for good. 
user1: It was almost like a Frank Capra film . . .only a true story!
user2: Yeah. 
user1: Thank you for discussing this movie with me!
user2: Absolutley. Thanks again as well. 

conversation:
user2: Catch me if you can is a biographical crime movie featuring Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks. 
user2: I personally like the movie 
user1: Hi. I am here and looking forward to discussing. I have not done this before. I also like this movie. I chose it because I like movies (and books) that are based upon true stories.
user2: I haven't done this before either. The film is about Frank Abagnale and before his 19th birthday he attained millions of dollars based off of con jobs. Although it is frowned upon, I think it is quite impressive. 
user1: It is an amazing feat to do that! And an amazing feat that Spielberg was able to make such an unfavorable character and a series of crimes against other unsuspecting people funny.
user2: You're right about Spielberg, I never thought of it like that. The movie got such an amazing review on Rotten Tomatoes, 96%. The really speaks volumes to the directing by Spielberg and the acting by DiCaprio, Hanks, and the rest of the cast. 
user1: I was hoping you would bring up the cast. I assume I have to respond to you rather than raise a subject. tom Hanks is, in my opinion, the best actor out there. And DiCaprio really turns into his characters as well. Just the names of the stars was enough to recommend the movie to me. and you're right the amazing review only made it clearer that it was a non-miss.
user2: In the movie when the FBI turned to Abagnale to help to catch forged checks adds a little humor to the movie and kind of takes the audience away of how serious Abagnale's crimes were. I think that truly worked to the movie's advantage. 
user1: I find it amazing that a 19-year-old succeeded in impersonating people that were obviously much older than 19. He was an absolute genious..
user2: I agree! I would have never known he was 19 unless I was told! 
user1: As for what you wrote at the same time I sent my message. Yes! It was such an ironic turn of events. But he certainly had the mind to get into anyone's mind, including other forgers.
user2: I think that Frank's family having financial issues and having to drastically downsize led him towards his passion and drive to get money. 
user2: What do you think of Frank's family?
user1: For sure. 
user1: Furthermore, his parents obviously were not 100% honest either, and certainly laid the foundation for such lack of concern for others.
user1: I mean, lots of people have families with financial problems and divorce and they do not go ahead and impersonate other people.
user1: He also came into a bunch of situations where the "system" was surprisingly vulnerable
user2: You're right! Frank seemed to have taken his financial and family problems to an extreme. Running away and forgery? Those are two things that most people don't think of. He made a lot of money from Pan Am forges, that is crazy. I didn't even know pilots could make so much. Do you think the Pan Am impersonations were impressive? 
user1: I think the pilot impersonation was the most impressive of all. One has to go through a heck of a lot of training to become a pilot .

conversation:
user1: Hey!
user2: Hi, are you a DiCaprio fan?

conversation:
user2: I'll watch just about anything with either Tom Hanks or Leo DiCaprio.
user1: Me too. I really liked this movie as I recall.
user2: I didn't realize that it did so well on Rotten Tomatoes
user1: I liked it, but I don't think it deserved a 96% rating.
user2: Does that math even work out? 7.9 out of ten doesn't seem like it would be a 96%. You would think that would be a 79$
user2: 79%, rather.
user1: Do you usually watch movies like this?
user2: Around the time that this movie came out, I watched almost everything that came out. I was a college kid with too much time on my hands.
user1: So do you use online reviews as a major factor in deciding if you will watch a movie?
user2: I don't. Well, sometimes, if the review is really, really bad. This movie was reviewed well, but I don't remember that having anything to do with it. I saw it mostly because of Tom Hanks and Stephen Spielberg.
user2: I find it funny that a reviewer said it was 'not a major Spielberg film.'
user1: The actors will be big factor for me when deciding to see a movie. But the reviews will still have to be okay for me to watch it in a theater. Otherwise I will wait for it to be rented online.
user2: I choose more based on the advertising items. I don't remember what the trailer for this movie was like. I remember it highlighting the cheque fraud and that it was a true story.
user2: Apparently, in the real story, Frank Abignale forged almost 3 million in cheques, but honestly, in today's money, that doesn't seem like that much.
user1: Back then it would have been a lot.
user1: They definitely took a creative license when making the movie.
user2: I don't think I remember the bit about the French class. I remember it being Spanish, but then that's probably me being forgetful.
user1: I don't either. I just remember him being a pilot and not being able to fly. And Tom Hanks character chasing Leo.
user1: It been a long time since I last watched the film.
user2: I'm a fan of Christopher Walken, but I did not care for him in this. He seemed like such a schlub.
user1: Do you think it should be categorized as a biographic film, when it was clearly exaggerated?
user1: Walken is a good actor but he is typecast for sure. It limits his roles.
user2: All biopics are exageratted or manipulated. I don't think it was that much of a stretch.
user2: That said, I remember thinking it was unfair that Frank got a deal to work with the FBI, like, you're such a good criminal that we're not going to punish you if you just told us how you did it.
user1: I mean he could help them stop further crimes.
user1: But yeah, its like he wins even after all that he did.
user2: I suppose that's true. But I still feel like he escaped justice and we're supposed to be okay with it because he's a loveable rapscallion.
user2: One thing I don't like about based-on-a-true--story movies in the title at the end that tells you what else happened to the person.
user2: I kind of feel that, if it's part of the story, it should actually be part of the movie.
user1: I can agree with that.
user2: I think the movie made cheque fraud seem too easy.
user1: At the time it was a little more easier.
user2: But what did he do with all that money. He couldn't put it in a bank. Did he just carry it around in cash.
user2: I suppose that's true.
user1: It does seem like Frank did more good in the long run. Which I think kind of makes up for his crimes.
user1: Anyway, nice talking with you.
user2: Likewise.

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: Hi there!
user1: Have you seen Catch Me If You Can?
user2: I have. It's a good movie. 
user1: Fantastic movie!
user2: I can't believe it was all the way back in 2002. I feel old now. 
user1: Normally I'm not into Biographies, but this was a great movie
user1: lol! Me too!!!
user2: It was. I think at the time I watched it because of Leonardo DiCaprio? Lol
user1: I though DiCaprio did a great job acting in this movie.
user2: He did. I was pretty impressed but I think Tom Hanks ended up being my favorite character. 
user1: Yeah, he is probably the only reason I watched it 
user1: I can't believe that he did all of that before he was 21 years old
user2: I don't think I've ever bothered to notice the Rotten Tomatoes score of this movie before. Clearly it's been a while since I've seen it!
user1: Can you imagine! Stealing nearly 2.8 million dollars!
user1: Yeah, it has been years for me too
user2: I know! It was crazy but I also kind of found the different things he did pretty intriguing. 
user1: Right!
user2: I think his time as a doctor might've been my personal favorite. 
user1: II forgot that he got to work with the FBI
user2: I did find it interesting when he got to work for them. 
user2: I don't know. Something about his relationship with Carl really just got to me. It seemed similar to Clarice and Hannibal Lecter. Just that this person was very consuming to chase, and helpful at times. 
user2: I don't think I realized Amy Adams was in the movie. I feel like I don't remember her at all in this. 
user1: I know it was crazy
user2: I remember her character but I don't recall knowing who she was.
user1: I don't remember her either
user2: When he was flying for Pan Am did you notice it was long ago enough that people still dressed really nicely to fly on a plane? 
user1: I thought it was crazy that he basically got to walk free after helping the FBi
user2: I did too at first but then I thought about it more and I think he probably gave them a lot of really really valuable help. I don't think they would've been able to advance their technologies without him. 
user1: I did notice that!
user1: Not at all!
user2: Although it does say he earns quite a bit of money each year. 
user2: that seems a little unfair. lol
user1: Yeah he did!
user1: Yes, it does!
user1: No wonder this country has the debt that it does! 
user2: right?!
user2: we can pay a criminal millions of dollars!
user2: each year apparently
user1: So stupid!!!
user2: it says he lives/lived in the midwest
user1: Hey, thanks for chatting with me. I'm going to end the conversation. 
user2: have a good day! 
user1: I do too, wonder if he wants to donate some
user1: lol
user1: You too!!!

conversation:
user2: Hi have you seen Catch Me If You Can?
user2: Staring Leonardo DiCaprio 
user1: I have! I thought the comedy in it was balanced really well with the serious aspects
user1: It got pretty good reviews, but that's expected considering the cast and being directed by spielberg
user1: The story is pretty impressive, that Frank started committing fraud with success at such a young age
user2: Oh for sure, It's been years since I last watched it but I remember the main characters being extremely clever and likable.
user2: I remember thinking that there's no way anyone would be able to get away with such crimes these days. 
user1: After the FBI recruited him I'm sure he had a lot of information to give them to secure the system
user1: Seems like he still made off pretty easy in the end
user2: Yes true, I remember the scene of him printing out the forged checks on a giant machine.
user2: I did not realize that Frank was only 19 while performing his cons. 
user2: You'd think a person would need to be middle aged to impersonate a doctor or lawyer. 
user1: Yeah. You have to be pretty confident in yourself to put yourself out there like that
user1: I always wondered why Frank Sr. was denied the business loan at the beginning of the film
user2: Me too, but I always over think details of the story, maybe it doesn't matter in the grand scheme of things and Frank was destined to become a conman anyway! 
user1: That's a good point
user2: Do you watch many biographic movies? 
user1: Probably not more than other genres, but I like learning about the lives of people and their differences
user1: Which actor/actress woudl you say is your favorite in the movie? I really liked Hanks performance
user2: DiCaprio, he's my favorite actor. I've seen nearly all of his films. 
user2: I don't often like stories about broken families, but there's so many interesting elements to this story that it outshines the bits I don't like. 
user1: Yeah. it really felt like he made the "best" of his situation
user1: I wonder if he felt more trapped in prison or "working" for the FBI
user2: That's one way of putting it. I don't think I have the chops to impersonate any skilled profession, especially well enough to not be caught while making money 
user2: I think working for the FBI he could probably run scams in prison
user1: very true
user1: It seems like he was kind of in the right place at the right time and interacted with just the right people to get where he is today. Any earlier and he may have rotted in prison, later and someone else could have developed  the security checks
user2: Too true. Interesting how the story follows the line of "it takes a thief to catch a thief"
user1: The ratings seem to be pretty consistent, do you value any of the three shown more than another?
user2: Perhaps rotten tomatoes.
user2: I think their ratings are consistent and true 
user2: though I find that they tend to rate horror movies too low. 
user1: I prefer Metacritic, but I've known of rotten tomatoes for a long time so still take their scores into account, even if I don't read the actual review
user2: I used to take the time out to read some of the reviews but I like diving in and enjoying the story with fresh eyes. 
user1: Yeah, same. Too many spoiled movies from reading stuff online.
user2: I think I'll watch Cat Me If You Can again today since it's been so long since I watched it originally 
user1: Is... Is this the end?
user2: I'm not sure
user1: the finish convo thing is selectable now.. think I'm going to try.
user1: It was fun talking. hope you enjoy the movie is you watch it
user2: Ah thx you too

conversation:
user2: Hello.
user2: Hello
user1: There is this movie that, according to it's reviews is amazing called Catch Me If You can, it was an awesome staff like Leonardo Dicaprio and Tom Hanks and is about a kid who ends up becoming involved in cheque fraud and is so good at it the FBI ends up hiring him.
user2: Have you seen it?  Did you enjoy it?
user1: I have and it's really good.  Leo plays a character named Frank Abagnale Jr who is being chased by Carl Handly, played by Tom Hanks and he ends up preforming cons worth over $1000000 in free flights on Pan AM Airlines.
user2: What did the critics think?
user1: Well it got over 95% from Rotten Tomates and CimeaScore gave it an A- so it clearly was loved by critics
user2: What was the best part?
user1: Seeing him acting as a Pan American World Airlines Pilot was incredible.
user2: Who was the director?
user1: Steven Spielberg who is amazing as always
user2: Yes, he is.  I love his movies
user2: Did he get caught?
user2: Did f
user1: I don't remember but I think you'll love the part where after getting denied for a loan at a big bank, his father has to sell their large home and move into a small appartment.  But, Frank Abegnale Jr starts to catch on that his mom is cheating on his dad with her dads friend
user2: Did 
user2: Did he blackmail him?
user1: No, Leo's character actually takes off and runs away from home.  but he runs out of cash.  So he had to start posing as the pan am pilot and schaming the ckes.  HE ends up stealing close to $3 Million
user2: How did he get caught?
user1: Hmmm I'm not sure, but you have to imagine with Carly Handratty (played by Hanks) after you, it came down to good old fashion police work.
user2: So what type of genre is it?
user1: I remember Frank being flown home on a plane after being arrested and that's when Carl tells him that his dad died
user2: Was it true?
user1: Yeah, he escapes the plane to go and check.  And finds his mom with that guy she was having an affair with earlier
user2: Was he hurt by the affair?
user1: well right after seeing it, he notices his half sister and turns himself in, so was impacted in some way
user2: Was he sentenced?
user1: So he serves his sentence working for the FBI to help them
user2: Did he show remorse?
user1: Well he actually gets bored and tries to go board another plane as a pilot before Carl corners him and shows him noone is chasing him.  Carl lets him go and then Frank shows back up Monday morning to work
user2: Why did Carl do that?
user1: Couldn't tell you, but I know that right after the credits it shwoed that carl has been married for almost 30 years now and has three sons.

conversation:
user2: Hi there! What did you think of Catch Me If You Can?
user1: Catch Me If You Can stars Tom hanks
user2: I think the main character is Leonard DiCaprio
user1: You should go see it.
user2: I already saw it! It's great!
user1: I like Tom Hanks more
user1: Spielberg was involved.
user2: Yes, he is a great director
user2: Did you like the action scenes?
user1: The film is 140 minutes long. I did not realize that.
user1: Yes, I did
user2: My favorite part is when Frank impersonates a pilot.
user1: Frank Abagnale lived in New Rochelle, New York.
user1: Yeah, its hard to believe he got away with this con
user2: Even though it's not a major Spielberg film, i think it's one of the best
user1: The film is rate 96 on Rotten Tomatoes
user2: That's a great score!
user1: Christopher Walken is also in the film.
user1: This happened in 1963
user2: Do you remember the part when Frank joins the FBI?
user1: Yes I do
user2: What year did the movie come out?
user1: He stole a lot of money
user1: It cam out in 2002
user2: Thank you
user1: How many times have you seen it
user2: I saw it twice. How about you?
user1: I think once all the way through.
user2: Would you recommend it to a friend?
user1: 140 minutes is long
user1: Yes, I would.
user2: I agree. I thought it was a bit too long.
user1: How about you?
user2: Definitely!
user1: He was only eighteen when this happened.
user1: Are you still there?

conversation:
user1: Hi there
user2: Hi
user2: what movie will we discuss
user1: I have Catch me if you can, which I have watched before.
user2: ok.what year did it come out?.
user1: Leo DiCaprio is pretty good, though I'm not normally a fan of his.
user1: 2002
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: i love him, he is a good actor but a little overrated :)
user2: no
user2: what genre?
user1: Biographical crime film
user2: no the type of movies i usually watch
user2: are ratings good?
user1: He commits fraud, mostly through impersonation and check fraud. The whole movie is basically about an FBI agent played by Tom Hanks trying to catch him
user1: Yae 96% rotten tomatoes and 76/100 metacritic
user2: oh, i like Tom Hanks
user2: do you usually care about ratings?
user1: Honestly no, if I like the genre or actor.
user2: i kinda do. but if i really like the actors or the storyline id watch it
user1: Ratings arent quite everything
user2: what about critics? do they say this movie is good?
user1: "easy to watch"
user2: ok
user2: would you recommend this movie?
user1: Sure!
user2: what is your favorite scene?
user1: Umm when he is conning his way to become a pilot
user1: Way over the top, kinda funny.
user2: i think i might watch it
user2: im a movie person but ive never even heard about this movie
user2: who is the director?

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: Hello
user2: have you watch the movie
user1: Which movie?
user2: catch me if can
user1: No, I haven't seen the movie. What is it about?
user2: Frank Abagnale, Jr. (Leonardo DiCaprio) worked as a doctor, a lawyer, and as a co-pilot for a major airline -- all before his 18th birthday
user2:  A master of deception, he was also a brilliant forger, whose skill gave him his first real claim to fame: At the age of 17, Frank Abagnale, Jr. became the most…
user1: That's crazy! All before his 18th birthday?
user2: Catch Me If You Can is a 2002 American biographical crime film directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg from a screenplay by Jeff Nathanson. The film is based on the life of Frank Abagnale, who, before his 19th birthday, successfully performed cons worth millions of dollars by posing as a Pan American World ...
user2: yes
user2: its a action movie
user2: thrill and enjoment
user2: score 76 out of 100
user1: Ah! So he wasn't really a doctor, layer or a co-pilot he was a con artist?
user1: 76 out of 100 is pretty good.
user1: I wonder why I hadn't heard of it since the movie was from 2002
user1: I think it sounds pretty interesting. Can you tell me more about it?
user1: You said it's action. I wonder how the action is incorporated into the cons.
user1: I just read you said it is based on a real person! I love movies like that. I will have to look it up to watch it.
user2: yes
user2: Director: Steven Spielberg
user2: i hope u liked him
user1: Steven Spielberg has directed many successful movies. 
user1: Did the movie win any Oscars?
user2: no i dont think so
user2: The story of Frank Abagnale Jr., before his 19th birthday, successfully forged millions of dollars' worth of checks while posing as a Pan Am pilot, a doctor, and legal prosecutor as a seasoned and dedicated FBI agent pursues him
user1: You don't think so what?
user1: He actually forged checks?
user1: Did he actually do the jobs or did he just pretend he was those people & forge their name to checks?
user2: yes he did his job well
user1: Which job?
user1: Being a con artist or working those professions?
user2: did you like the cast
user2: and the song?
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio is a good actor
user1: What song?
user1: Who else was in the movie?
user2: More slow-burning than you'd expect, and all the more breathtaking for it. A fitting dessert to Spielberg's preceeding entree and main course of A.I. and Minority Report,
user2: do you know  A successful con artist and master of deception, Frank is also a brilliant forger, whose skill at check fraud has netted him millions of dollars i
user1: So he did the jobs and he forged the checks. How interesting.

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hi
user2: Have you seen this movie?
user1: I actually have not. Though, I've heard good things. It sounds like an interesting film. Have you?
user2: I have, but has been awhile since I've watched it. 
user1: There is a lot of talent involved--Spielberg, Hanks, DiCaprio, etc. So that's definitely a plus.
user2: It was based on a true story of a con artist. 
user2: It is set in a vegas casino
user2: Yeah, DiCaprio is really great as the main character 
user1: Aren't we not supposed to use things we know about the film outside of the document? lol
user1: 96% on RT. That's pretty good. Generally if something is above 90% I find the film enjoyable.
user2: I don't go off of ratings. I'm more of a category type of person
user2: Which surprises me that I liked this film. Usually I don't like biographies. 
user1: I'm open to movies of any category as long as it's good. 
user1: Yeah? I guess I haven't watched many biographies.
user2: Oh what, this movie is check fraud, not casino fraud. lol
user1: Yeah, you might be thinking of a different movie, lol
user2: He is a pilot had forges payroll checks. Before he was 19 he stole over 2.8 million dollars. 
user2: And not had
user1: Yeah, that's crazy. I wonder if that would even be possible to get away with in today's world.
user2: I highly doubt it! But who knows. 
user1: I wonder how much of this movie was embellished for hollywood.
user1: The story does indeed sound incredible, which I'm sure is why they made it into a movie.
user2: He winds up getting a deal working with the FBI in their check fraud department.
user1: But, you know, they always change things
user2: Yeah, they do. 
user1: Yeah, I mean, committing millions of dollars worth of fraud and ending up with a job with the FBI doesn't sound too bad, lol
user1: Definitely could have been worse...
user2: In the end he gets out of his prison sentence and winds up living a pretty decent lift. 
user2: Omg, right! Where do I sign up! Lol
user1: haha
user1: Well, at least he ends up using his talents for something good, I guess.
user2: Yeah. But he probably only helped to get himself out of jail. 
user1: This document pretty much tells the whole story... I wonder if I should watch it now, hah.
user2: I don't blame the guy though!
user2: You totally should!
user2: You won't be disappointed! 
user1: I'll keep it on my to-watch list.
user2: I'm going to finish the conversation. It was nice chatting with you! 
user1: Likewise. Have a nice day!
user2: you too!

conversation:
user1: Hi
user1: Are you there?
user2: This movie is called Catch Me if you Can.
user1: Does it sound good?
user2: It received a rating of 96% on Rotten Tomatoes
user2: Do you know who was in it?
user1: No I dont. Who was in it?
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hanks, Christopher Walken, Amy Adams, and Nathalie Baye
user2: It is a American bigraphical crime film
user1: Sounds interesting. Is it a drama? or more of a comedy?
user2: A critical respons said "Catch Me if You can" never takes itself or its subjects too seriously, and contains more genuinely funny material than about 90% of the so-called "comedies" found in multiplexes these days
user2: This movie was directed by Steven Spielberg
user1: Actually sounds pretty good. I think I would be interested in seeing that.
user1: Steven Spielberg is a good director
user2: Yes, this movie received a CinemaScore of A-
user2: A critical response was, "This is not a major Spielfberg film, although it is an effortlessly watchable one"
user1: You know a movie is good when even the bad reviews are good :)
user1: This sounds really cool I will definitely have to check this move out.
user2: Yes, all the ratings on this movie were ok
user2: there were two key scenes
user1: What were they?
user2: I'll tell you about them
user1: Please do :)
user2: One is when the father is denied a business loan from a bank. the wife has an affair with the friend of her husband. the son poses as a sub in his French class. The son's parents file for divorce, and the son runs away. The son reles on confidence scams to get by.
user1: Sounds pretty interesting
user1: I can definitely see that being funny
user1: or at least interesting enough to be worth watching
user2: Another scene shows how the son starts to work for the bank fraud department of the FBI
user1: Sounds really good. I will definitely try to see it! Thanks for the info
user2: The ending credits reveal the son is married, has a family, and has caught some of the most elusive money forgers
user2: You're welcome.
user2: You should really see the movie
user1: I really will try it actually does sound good
user1: Love leo dicap
user2: The Metacritic score is 76/100
user1: Cya :)

conversation:
user1: Hi, how are you today?
user2: Hello, I am doing fine. And you?
user1: I'm great, thanks.  I got the movie Catch me if you can!   I love this movie.  Have you seen it yet?
user2: No, I haven't. Who stars in it?
user1: Leo DiCarprio and Tom Hanks.  It's based on a true event and back when it came out, my mom worked for a forms company and met the guy that its based off of. 
user2: That's pretty darn cool! Did the movie come out recently?
user1: It's about a guy that is great at making fake documents.  He was a pilot, a doctor.  All kinds of stuff.  
user1: No, the movies came out in 2002, so it makes it 16 years old. 
user2: He must have been pretty good if he was able to fake being a doctor and a pilot! What was he doing when your mother got to meet him? 
user1: He was doing a seminar about how he is now helping the FBI to make it harder to do what he did.  (faking all the documents).  Thanks to him, we now have better watermarks and technology.
user2: If you can't beat them, join them. I guess that's what the FBI did. Must be a cool story. Did you see it in the theater?
user1: No, I am not big into going to the movies.  I usually wait till everything comes out on video. And yes, he definitely joined them.  I would love to meet him and have a sit-down conversation with him.  The movie portrayed him as a very likable guy.  
user1: Of course, I like all the actors in the movie.  Tom Hanks was his typical self.  He is great at the range of movies he can do.  From comedy to bio's.  Amy Adams was as popular back then as she is now. 
user2: I bet that would have been awesome. He probably has a lot more tricks up his sleeve. 
user2: So Leonardo played the main guy?
user1: I'm sure he does.  You have to be good at something, if you can go from criminal to working with the FBI.
user2: True that. 
user1: Yes, Leonardo was the main guy.  It showed his life from the beginning of his crime spree to the end where he got caught.  I believe he was only 17 when he started his adventure. 
user2: Oh, I couldn't even finish my math homework at 17, much less forge documents stating I was a doctor! Ha ha! 
user1: I agree.  He is a genius in my book.  
user2: Who is Amy Adams in the story?
user2: The love interest? 
user1: Her character is Brenda Strong.  She married him in the movie. 
user1: Christopher Walken played his dad.  
user2: Yes, if the story is what I'm imagining, I agree with you. Society doesn't typically give enough credit to geniuses who work and think so outside the box. 
user2: Wow. Strong cast. 
user1: Looking over the info sheet, they have a 7.9/10 on Rotten Tomatoes.  I personally would have given it a 10/10.  
user2: Does it only give a Rotten Tomatoes score? Any IMDB Metascore?
user1: It has a metacritic score, would that be what you are looking for?
user2: That works too. 
user1: The metacritic score is 76/100.  with a cinemaScore of A-.
user2: Overall, favorable scores. My opinion is anything with a Rotten Tomatoes score of over 7.0 is worth watching. So this movie would definitely be worth seeing based on that rating. 
user1: If you like Biographical movies about crime, this is one to see.   
user2: Doesn't have a lot of violence does it? I mean, it isn't filled with gore? 
user2: Doesn't sound like it, but have to ask.
user1: If i recall correctly, there is a couple scenes where the shoot guns, but not any blood or gore.  Maybe a papercut at most as far as blood shed (or maybe a bloody nose from a good right hook)
user2: Alright, sounds good! Any other cool information about it?
user1: Not really, not without giving it away.  ;)
user2: Yes! Thank you for not including spoilers (the good right hook doesn't count)
user1: LOL.  Hope you have a wonderful day.  I hope my raving doesn't end with you not liking the movie. 

conversation:
user2: Hi there
user1: Hi.
user2: So what do you think of the movie?
user1: It looks great.
user1: It has really high ratings.
user2: It's definitely got a strong cast.
user1: Yes, you can't beat Leo and Tom Hanks!
user2: No kidding
user1: I'm not familiar with Christopher Walken.
user2: Plus Steven Speilberg as the director
user1: No kidding.
user1: I definitely want to see it.
user1: Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 96%
user2: The initial description sounds like a rough start.
user1: Yes, but the critics say it's genuinely funny,
user2: I think the last critical response was interesting compared to all the other rave reviews.
user1: They all say it's "easy".
user2: The cons sound pretty funny.
user1: I love funny movies.
user2: You sure couldn't get away with some of that stuff now
user1: That's true.
user2: Yeah me too.
user1: I watch almost every film Tom Hanks does.
user2: Me too. 
user2: And Leo too
user1: He's very versatile.
user2: He's one of my favorites.
user2: Wow the ending sounds great!
user1: The Metacritic Score was only 76.
user2: A bit of a spoiler.
user1: Yes.
user2: Meh....I take reviews with a grain of salt.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hi
user1: How are you today?
user2: good
user1: Have you seen Catch Me If You Can that stars Leonardo DiCaprio as Frank Abagnale, Jr.?
user1: It is a film film directed and co-produced bySteven Spielberg from a screenplay by Jeff Nathanson.
user2: I have seen
user2: What did you think
user2: of the movie
user1: I just love that the they chose Christopher Walken as Frank Abagnale, Sr.
user2: hes awesome i think
user1: I couldn't agree more! He is fantastic
user1: I'm super impressed that  Frank's cons increase and he evenimpersonates an airline pilot.
user2: Did you know the real frank was in the movie?
user2: He was the cop in paris 
user1: I did not know that! Fascinating! What do you think of the movies genre? biographical, crime?
user2: i love them
user1: I do as well. 
user2: I forgot amy adams was in there
user1: I thought the scene where He is cornered by Carl,who insists that Frank will return to the FBI job since no one is chasing him. Was actually quiet moving and a big turning moment for Mr. Abagandale. 
user1: Amy Adams is wonderful 
user1: I also think Tom Hanks as Carl Hanratty is very believable 
user2: he was awesome
user2: I think i may watch the movie again
user1: Yes you already told me that in formation
user1: I apologize
user1: I got confused lol
user1: yes I will too
user1: I generally don't like DiCapprio movies but this one was good
user2: Really?
user2: I think he has matured a lot as an actor
user1: I agree with that. 
user2: Its funny when I first watched it, it didn't make as much sense as it does now
user2: A lot younger I guess
user1: I felt the same way. The first time I watched it I was very confused. The second time I watched it I was like whoa.
user1: Thanks for chatting
user2: thanks

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: Hello!
user1: Did you read about a movie?
user2: Yes, I read about Catch Me If You Can.  Have you seen it?  It's a highly rated movie.
user1: No, but I've heard about it. I'm very interested in seeing it sometime maybe.
user1: Do you think I should?
user2: It has Leonardo DiCaprio, and Tom Hanks.  They are pretty great.
user1: I like most things with Tom Hanks in it. What's it about?
user2: It's based on a true story of this guy named Frank Abagnale.  When he was only 19, he pulled a con posing as an airline pilot.  It started him on a career of cons.  Tom Hanks plays an FBI agent trying to track him down. Leo is the con man.
user1: That sounds like a very interesting plot. Have you seen it or are you planning to?
user2: Yes, it came out in 2002 and I saw it then, but saw it again more recently.  It's a really fast-paced movie, so you don't get bored.
user1: Who did you like the best in the movie? Does Leo play the Abagnale?
user2: Yes.  Also Christopher Walken is in it and plays his dad.
user1: Did it win any awards or anything like that?
user2: I don't think it won any awards.  It could have! It was a very clever movie and had humor as well as suspense.
user1: How long is it?
user2: It is 2 hours and 20 minutes, so pretty long.  
user1: I hope it's not hard to follow the plot with a movie that long, but you seem to describe it very well.
user2: I think it was well written.  It's more interesting knowing that it's a true story.  The guy, Frank, finally did get caught by the FBI and they actually cut him a deal to work with them instead of finishing his prison time because he was so brilliant.
user1: Who wrote it?
user2: Jeff Nathanson.  I'm not sure what else he's written.
user1: Is there anything else you can tell me that would help me decide if I want to watch it? You have given me a great description of everything so far so thank you.
user2: It is a crime drama, but unlike some crime stories that are really bloody and impersonal, this one really gets behind the emotions of the characters and shows what prompted this guy Frank to start this criminal career.  
user1: Yeah, I like that. You need to really feel what the characters are feeling for it to be believable and for you to get into the plot. You are making me more interested in watching it.
user2: Sweet.  Are you a person who likes to know how a movie ends or should I keep it a surprise?
user1: I like to be able to predict how a movie ends, but you can tell me if you want to.
user2: Ha ha, well I'll just say it has one of those true story "This is where the people ended up" kinds of things, and it's a really cool ending.
user1: That kind of reminds me of other crime movies.
user1: Are you planning on seeing it again?
user2: I probably will when my kids get big enough to see it.  
user1: Ok, well, thank you for your help! Have a nice night!

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hey how are you
user2: Good, how about you?
user1: Do you like magic tricks and shows?
user1: I'm good thanks for asking
user2: I do enjoy magic tricks and shows!
user2: Why are you asking?
user1: Have you seen catch me if you can? It's a great film 
user2: Yes, I've seen it when it came out. I totally agree!
user2: What did you like about it?
user2: Hello? You left?

conversation:
user1: I didn't know this was a Spielberg film.  I've seen it probably 10 times and had no idea.
user2: Yeah. I guess that's why the first response says 'not a major Spielberg film'. Must not have been marketed that way.
user1: It doesn't seem like it's over 2 hours either.  
user2: Yeah. What do you think about the ratings it got? You agree with them?
user1: Yes. The metacritic score is lowish compared to the other, but I think I get it.  It was such an entertaining movie, but not really a meaningful one and it seems like that's how movies are rated.  They need to make the critics FEEL something.
user2: Agreed. It's cool to me that it was released 16 years ago though. If I didn't know that and if I didn't know about the actors I could easily see it coming out right now.
user1: Oh yeah, that is interesting.  I don't think I realized Amy Adams was in it.  I probably just didn't recognize her because she wasn't famous then.
user2: Yeah, I was honestly thinking the same thing. There are actually a bunch of films she's in that I didn't realize she was in until much later. Loved the Walken character. Really memorable given how little he was actually on screen.
user2: Also I think this was the first DiCaprio movie I really thought he acted super well in. I mean the others are good too but this to me was the start of him being as good as he is now.
user1: Totally agree about Walken.  He's great in this.
user1: oh I've been a big Leo fan for a while.  I truly thought he was mentally disabled in What's Eating Gilbert Grape.  He's super versatile, he just seems to get a lot of the same brash characters.
user1: The fact that movie is based on a real person is so crazy to me.
user2: I liked the scene it's talking about, where he poses as the teacher. He did that well. He was convincing but you could tell it was his first con and he wasn't as polished as later on.
user1: Can you imagine having that much nerve?  Especially as a teenager.  
user2: Oh yeah. Nowadays he'd probably be in prison 5 min into his pilot con efforts
user1: He'd probably be in the airport back room for quite a while nowadays.  Really sad how different airports are now compared to this movie.  
user2: Well, he was pretty lucky in the end. Lived that pretty awesome life and ultimately just got a nice government job haha
user1: Ugh, I forgot about when he finds out his dad died.  I hated that part so much.
user2: Yeah. I haven't had the experience yet but it really reminded me about seeing how some of my friends reacted
user1: Too bad we can't all get a Tom Hanks as a replacement dad.
user1: I bet the mom wasn't too please with how they portrayed her in the film.
user2: If only...
user2: ah yeah. I wonder if she was alive when it came out
user2: if I remember right he was born in like 1950? so his mom would've been at least 70 when this came out
user2: but yeah, not a flattering portrayal haha
user1: Something like that.  Hopefully she never saw it.  It'd be pretty awkward facing the neighbors after that sort of thing.
user2: not sure if it's 100% true but it's crazy how apparently he's making millions a year still
user2: seems like one of the situations where crime pays extremely well
user1: Right?  It's funny how the whole film is basically about him being a thief and liar, yet he's so likable and you're even rooting for him.
user2: yeah. well it may just be me, but I don't think a person like him being imprisoned for 12 years like they wanted is at all right for a person who basically just stole money, no matter how much it was
user2: so I'm glad that never happened at least but I am kinda surprised
user1: I agree.  I don't think money or stuff is more important than a life.  People like that need help they won't get in prisons.
user2: I mean you'd think the FBI would have access to enough law abiding people in the world that they wouldn't need him to help them catch thieves haha
user1: They were basically just admitting that he's smarter than them.
user2: yeah definitely. always amazes me when people can get away with this kinda stuff for so, so long
user2: I know it's a true story but I'm definitely gonna look up the details to see how much of it was exaggerated
user1: I'm going to look it up too!  I think this is why I like this movie so much, because it actually happened.  Kind of.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: hi
user2: Have you ever watched catch me if you can?
user1: Yes I have. Have you?
user1: I am surprised that its not considered a major Spielberg film
user2: It is easily watchable though 
user2: Even thought it's 140 minutes long, it just starts off with action
user1: Yeah, although it's based on a true story it doesn't have that biographical feel to where it seems completely laiden with facts
user1: Yes it definitely  starts quicker than it ends it gradually slows down
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio really hit it home with this one.being that it was made in 2002 really shows the complexity in his acting 
user1: It doesn't seem like it was made 16 years ago
user2: It really doesn't.espcially with the large supporting cast 
user1: 2.8 million in 1963 is a huge amount of money
user1: THe actors are phenomenal in the film great group of well knowns
user2: I'm really impressed with the rotten tomato's score. 
user1: Yes 96 is high considering Metacritic gave it 76/100
user1: the fact that the character and actual person was only 18 when he did all of these things is kind of impressive
user2: 7.9 rotten tomato's
user1: Can you believe that he started working for the FBI?
user2: I like that he tricked people into thinking he was a doctor and a school teacher 
user1: Very deceptive it takes a special person to pull that off.
user2: He even had a chance to run away at the end 
user2: Agreed
user1: yeah i think he was just done. I think thats wyhy the movie slows down so much
user2: I can't believe Frank was married for 26 years 
user1: its incredible that he made millions doing up to par work with his skills. 
user1: yeah he definitely settled down. 
user1: Carl and Frank became a great team
user1: are you still there?
user1: Do you normally pay much attention to the ratings of a movie?
user1: I wonder if there were more successful money forgers than Frank. It seems like he was very successful. 
user1: Hello?
user1: Do you think Frank was a thrill seeker?

conversation:
user2: HI
user2: Do you have the document ?
user1: hello
user1: yes i do
user2: Do you agree with the critics ?
user1: i suppose i do i mean rotten tomatoes tends to be a bit harsh 
user2: Do you meant the meta critic one  ? Rotten tomates has the higher grade ( 96%).
user1: yes the meta critic one my mistake
user2: Yeah it is surprising, but at the same it is not a classic. I think the film was good but not something that people will want to see in 20 years.
user1: i do  agree on the effortlessly funny it was very much in that regard,and most movies these days fail to deliver on humor without trying to hard 
user2: On the other side, we are almost 20 years later and talking about it. 
user1: this is true
user2: How do you find the beginning of the story ?
user1: it seems as though the movie market is overly saturated these days and its quite difficult too choose a really good one these days 
user1: the beginning of the story was great 
user1: what did you think
user2: I kind of like the beginning was a little too classic. It tries to explain too much.  
user1: it did seem  to have some padding in the middle of the movie and it slowed down quite a bit twards the end 
user1: agreed
user2: It could have started right when he is starting to con Pan Am.
user1: exactly
user2:  I like the part where we did not know if Franck will return with the FBI. 
user1: i watched T2 with a friend last night and that movie will stand on its revolutionary merits for years to come so tbh this movie was excellent however it is forgettable even if it is based on a true story
user1: yes that was a very suspenseful cat and mouse feel wich  i enjoyed 
user2: And this is a scenario that we don't see much. It forces to think about what will happen next and why it will happen.
user1: im very picky with movies,tv,video games so dont let my comments sway you everything has become so predictable these days however this one had a very unpredictable element 
user1: and thats the thing that i appreciate most is the ability to keep the audience guessing 
user2: Escape movies have been done millions of times. But this one is a little different, probably not enough to be a classic. 
user1: no perhaps not 
user1: a classic story though nonetheless
user2: The ending is a classical happy ending, but it would have to weird to change since it is based  on a true story.
user1: i mean my kinda classic is good fellas 
user2: How do you fin the ending ? 
user1: we really dont see to many classics these days 
user2: Nevertheless, the film had a great cast.
user1: the ending was good i felt a little unfulfilled to the point were im having trouble remembering i remember owning this on dvd  back in 2002 that was a long time ago,the cast was superb though 
user2: I think it is the kind of film that make having a good time but in the end you will forget soon after. Not all film should make you think long after seeing it.
user1: catch me if you can like the ginger bread man,classic phrase,i dont recall entirely if it was said as such in the movie though 
user1: true 
user2: Well that was a good conversation, Have a good day
user1: you as well have a good day be safe enjoy life

conversation:
user2: Hi there, what is the name of the movie you've read about?
user1: Hello. This movie has pretty good ratings. It is Catch Me if You Can.
user2: Awesome, are there any noticeable or famous actors in it
user1: There are some big name actors in the movie such as Tom Hanks, Christopher Walken, and Leonardo DiCaprio.
user2: Sounds like a good movie! Is the plot interesting? What is it about?
user1: And it is directed by Steven Spielberg!
user2: Even better!
user1: It is a biographical crime movie about a con man.
user2: When was the movie released?
user1: 2002, but it feels much more recent.
user1: The main character is played by Leonardo DiCaprio. 
user2: Great, he is one of my favorite actors!
user2: I actually read a book with the same title, is this a movie based on the book?
user1: Mine too, I feel like he only chooses to be in great films.
user2: Great Gatsby, Shutter Island, Wolf of Wall Street are some of my favorites
user1: I recently re-read Great Gatsby after watching the movie and I was not dissapointed!
user2: I actually read the novel beforehand, both were amazing!
user2: If Catch me if you can is anything like the book, it should be good
user1: Ok, so the secondary character, Carl Hanratty, is played by Tom Hanks. Can't go wrong there.
user2: I'll probably end up watching the movie
user2: Ah, okay, thanks for the information
user1: I prefer reading first too.
user1: Do you like Christopher Walken?
user1: He plays Frank Abagnale's (DiCaprio) father in this movie. 
user2: Hmm not sure if I know of him, any noticeable movies hes from?
user2: Oh!
user2: This movie is based on a true story, right?
user1: Reservoir Dogs is the first one that comes to mind with Walken.
user1: Yes, it is based on a true story. It has a nice wrap up at the end.
user2: Ah loved that movie!
user2: Definitely a little twisted haha
user1: For sure lol
user2: Great, I'd have to check it out!
user1: So Catch me if you Can takes place throughout the 60s, a time when it was much easier to be a con man.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: HI
user1: Have you seen Catch me if you can?
user2: yeah
user2: I've seen every Leo film
user2: it was good but not my fav that he's done..
user1: He is a great actor, I love him as well, 
user2: Yeah he's great
user1: Did you like Tom Hanks in that movie?
user2: He's good at picking good films to be in
user2: Yeah, Hank is also a really good actor
user2: He was really good in that film where he was a captain of a ship that got hijacked.
user1: I like how he acts as well. 
user2: yeah
user1: What do you think about the ratings of the movie?
user2: what do you mean
user2: it received a pretty good rating. 
user1: The ratings, the one from Rotten Tomatoes, Metacritic Score and  CinemaScore,
user1: do you agree with them?
user2: For that particular film yes but I don't always agree. 
user2: You?
user1: I actually think the movie deserves higher ratings, I love the story and the plot
user1: what was your favorite scene?
user2: Towards the end when he finally get caught and he's shredding all that paper. 
user2: What was your fav scene?
user1: My favorite scen was when Ftank got offered the deal to work with the U.S goverment
user1: thought it was pretty good
user2: yeah
user2: It was based on a true story...right
user1: Yeah it was, thats what makes it even better
user2: yeah
user1: what do you think about the rest of the cast
user2: I love films that based off true stories..
user2: You become more invested in the characters...you care about what happens. 
user1: Yeah I agree
user2: The rest of the cast was fine...I did like Christopher Walkins..who played the dad. 
user2: The father-son dynamic...the fact the Leo was just trying to make his dad proud this who time and the dad was jealous of his son's so called success. 
user2: hello

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: hi! The movie we're talking about it Catch Me if You Can
user2: oh great
user2: tell me about it
user1: It's about a guy who cons millions of dollars by posing as various important professions (pilot, doctor, lawyer)
user2: sounds great
user1: it has a rating of A- from Cinemascore, which is pretty good, and 96% on rotten tomatoes, which is super good
user2: who's in it
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio is the star, but there's also Tom Hanks
user1: strong cast
user2: wow sounds great
user2: what are some key scenes
user1: the whole thing starts because he runs away from home as a teenager after his father has some money issues and his mother has an affair
user2: crazy
user2: when does it take place
user1: in 1963
user2: wow
user2: what else happens
user1: his first big scam is pretending to be a pilot, and he ends up stealing over $2.8 million in forged payroll checks
user1: pretty impressive, especially considering the value of that money back then
user2: crazy and he's just a kid
user1: right?
user1: he eventually turns himself in and gets 12 years in prison
user1: but then the FBI realizes he's so good at forgery that they hire him, and he can serve out his sentence in their service instead
user2: wow and thats all true?
user1: it's "based on" a real story, but i'm not sure how much is embellishment
user2: wow. any more facts?
user1: it looks like he stayed in the business of catching forgers
user2: why does he turn himself in?
user1: i can't really tell based on the info i have. it happens after his father died, so maybe he's just so grief-stricken that he gives up?
user1: have you seen the movie?
user2: i have not
user1: do you think you might?
user2: yes defianetly
user1: User 2 has left the chat?

conversation:
user2: hello, this movie was just ok, i thought. 
user1: I think this movie looks really interesting - I love Spielberg movies
user2: well, of all the spielberg movies, this one probably ranks low in my book, if you ask me. but theni'm not too big on biographies
user1: I would agree, I think this is probably low in terms of the quality of a Spielberg movies, but I really like history a lot so I would probably watch this.  But I probably wouldn't watch it in the theatre, I would cross my fingers and hope it's on Netflix
user2: it should be on netflix now. are you from the US? it's been out for over 16 years
user1: Yeah I am.  I am surprised this got such good ratings for a film that seems like it's not one of Spielberg's best
user2: it's an interesting life of a fraud who turned FBI informant of a sort. but still i think it could've been made much better. i didn't like dicaprio in the movie it wasn't believable
user1: Ha!  I don't like him either, he is not a draw to get me to see a movie.  I'm not a huge fan of his
user2: i think he's so overrated.tom hanks was great in it 
user1: I do love Tom Hanks - I will see anything that he is in.  I think DiCaprio is overrated too.  But Christopher Walken is good, and Amy Adams is good, this was made before she really got popular
user2: the thing is that abagnale could've actually become a lawyer on his own. as far as ai recall he actually passed the bar, i think 
user1: It's interesting he did most of his cons before he was 19.  You have to wonder if anyone would be able to get away with that today.  Although if he pulled all that off when he was a teenager he must have been really intelligent.
user2: most of his con from early days were check fraud. but posing as prosecutor should've taken some serious work. he actually studied law on his own. 
user1: And I wonder how he learned to fly a Pan Am plane - that takes some real skill
user1: I'm not sure how you fake that
user2: no idea. he actually flew a lot of miles.. i think he's just naturally smart person, which is why spielberg decide to make a movie about it because it's so unbelievable. 
user1: He started early - he posed as a substitute French teacher.  Sounds like he had a rough childhood - I think that is pretty typical for stories like this.  He probably started just out of a genuine desire to help his family
user2: i like the scene where he was given reduced sentence for cooperation. the start of new life for him. even then he still misses the thrill and tries to be the pilot and gets caught by tom hanks. 
user1: Yeah I like that he got a fresh start and eventually became an asset to law enforcement.  I guess if you want to catch the best you have to have the best on your team.
user2: yep. and the trust tom hanks puts on dicaprio is really well portrayed in the movie it really comes through and you can feel tom hanks' emotion as he waits for dicaprio to show up for work. 
user1: Tom Hanks is such a great actor, he is so great at portraying emotion.  I wonder how long that guy worked for the FBI?
user2: the real frank abagnale? he still does as far as I recall. he has a company that helps bank detect fraud etc. 
user1: What a happy ending this story has.  I'm glad he was able to put his skills to good use
user2: there is an ending scene where it tells how frank make millions from bank helping them make checks that are not forgeable. 
user1: Yeah that's impressive that he was able to do that and make money from it.  And he and Carl stayed friends throughout their lives.
user2: probably. he works with the fbi even to this date. he teaches i think. i wonder what he tells his sons about his crimes
user1: Ha, I wonder how he brought that up to his wife!
user2: well, maybe he met her after he already made millions legally. i don't know if he did. but end scene just mentions about his family without too much details. 
user1: I'm glad he got a happy ending.  It sounds like he was never a bad guy, he just maybe wanted to help his family and that life was just what he got used to, and it worked for him
user2: yeah there was a scene that shows his life before he ran away as a kid. he started the con to make a living on the street. kinda sad story. but happy ending
user1: Yeah, and he got all the money from them making a movie about him lol
user2: i'm sure that's also big chunk of cash. 

conversation:
user2: ih
user1: Allo
user2: how are you
user1: The movie is Catch me if you can you should see this movie. It's really good crime movie.
user2: yes it is great
user2: I think it was based on a true story
user1: It's directed by Steven Spielberg, and it stars Leonardo Dicaprio, Tom Hanks, and some other notable actors are involved with it. Amy Adams as well.
user2: oh that is a good cast
user1: The story is basically about a con man who goes from job to job doing check fraud.
user2: wow
user1: Also, a funny note, this person became so good at check fraud, the FBI actually asked him to work for them and detect bank / check fraud. How crazy is that?! Happens all the time though.
user2: that is crazy
user1: You know, he specifically targeted Pan Am payroll checks and impersonated an airline pilot to do this. He stole around 2.8 million dollars doing this.
user2: no wonder he got caught
user1: Dicaprio's character is based on this person named Frank Abagnale Jr, they also have problems with the IRS before they start doing their scams.
user1: You know Christopher Walken? He Actually plays Frank Abagnale Sr in this movie? Pretty cool huh?
user2: CHristopher Walken is awesome
user1: Yes, When Frank finally gives himself up and is sentenced to 12 years in prison, but he mentions a check Carl hasis fake, who is Tom Hanks FBI character. This is how they work a deal and he works for the FBI now, or else it would be 12 years in the slammer!
user2: wow that's scary
user1: You know? Frank's Dad was denied a loan from Chase Manhattan Bank, perhaps this is how Frank started doing check fraud.
user2: could be
user1: What makes it worse, Frank's mom is carrying an affair with the best friend of her husband or Frank's Dad. Bad times in paradise!
user2: omg
user1: Funny fact here, Frank is making millions now after the movie working with the FBI, by making sure money forgers are caught and creating unforgeable checks in the process.
user1: Frank Abagnale grew up in New Rochelle, New York with his dad and mother Paula. I did not know that!
user2: me neither
user1: Seems like the family had issues with the IRS and were forced to move out of a large house into a small one. People always get desperate when they need cash.
user1: Frank impersonates many people, including teacher, pilot and other forms to continue his check fraud scheme.
user2: what an actor
user1: This is based on a true story, and is classified as a biographical crime movie. You can't go wrong with a movie directed by Steven Spielberg!
user2: sounds good!
user1: The movie is long though about 140 minutes in length so make sure you're up for that.
user1: Whoa. Just found out Martin Sheen is in this movie too! Another great actor!
user2: I didn't know that
user1: Yes, well it turns out Frank and Carl become great friends after the run and chase scenario in this movie. So, are you going to watch this movie now?
user2: yes I am
user2: it sounds really good
user1: Yep, got a review of 96% on Rotten Tomatoes. You think this is correct? Or a decent review?
user2: I think that sounds right
user2: it was a good movie and now I want to watch it again
user2: I didn't remember martin sheen
user1: Yes, and Leonardo really makes this movie shine! And, the director of course! Two legends in the movie industry now!
user1: I think we're done now my friend. Until later on.
user2: thanks take care

conversation:
user1: So.. What's the title of the movie?
user2: catch me if you can
user1: What's it about?
user2: it's a crime movie about someone called "Abagnale"  who did cons worth of million dollars by using a pan American world airways pilot , and a Louisiana parish
user2: he became so powerful that the FBI turned to him for help 
user2: What do you think of that movie ?

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello, how are you today.
user2: Great, you?
user1: Trying to avoid the snowstorm here!
user2: Same! Watching any good movies?
user1: Not right now, but saw The Post and thought it was very good. I think Catch Me If You Can is a very enjoyale movie, though not one of  Spielberg's "classics."
user2: It got decent reviews, and there are some notable people in the cast
user1: Yes, I blow hot and cold on DiCaprio, but thought he was very good in this one. And I always love seeing Nathalie Baye.
user2: Amy Adams is in it as well, and it got a 96% on Rotten Tomatoes, so it seems like it would be worth watching
user1: Definitely. It's so far fetched it is hard to believe it's a true story, but it is. My family is in Louisiana and a few of them knew the real Frank Abagnale when he was posing as a prosecutor. 
user2: Wow, really? That's so cool. The guy sounds like a genius. I know there's one scene where Frank runs away during his parents' divorce and scams people for money. He pretends to be an airline pilot, for example
user1: Yes, he was an incredibly likable guy who was able to hoodwink anyone.
user2: Yeah, he stole over 2.8 million dollars. I'm sure the movie tells it better than I can
user1: Spielberg keeps a very light, breezy style in his direction, which works well for most of the movie, though I thought the "deeper" scene, like those involving the father and the son, lost the depth they should have had as a result. 

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: Good Afternoon
user1: What movie are we going to talk about
user2: Catch me if you can
user2: Have you seen it?
user1: no
user1: have you
user2: Yes, very good
user1: what genre is it? 
user2: Based on Frank Abigail life as an expert fraud guy 
user2: It’s a comedy/drama
user1: what yes did it come out
user1: year
user2: 2002
user1: wow, pretty old
user1: what about the cast?
user2: Yes, but a classic 
user1: who plays the main roles?
user2: Tom Hanks 
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio 
user1: oh, i like Tom Hanks and Leonardo DiCaprio
user2: And Christopher waken
user1: Are the ratings good?
user2: Yes Leo is the criminal and Hanks is the cop
user2: 96% per rotten tomatoes
user2: I would also say it’s good 
user1: that's good
user1: i can't believe i've never watched it
user1: i definitely heard about it
user2: you should Leo is a young kid who turns into a fraud genius 
user1: Is it funny?
user2: Tom Hanks is tying to catch him and drives him crazy
user2: It has funny parts

conversation:
user1: Did you enjoy the film?
user2: I loved it! How about you?
user1: It was pretty good. Do you feel it was one of Spielberg's better films?
user2: I don't think it was his best film, but it is definitely a crowd pleaser. It makes the viewer feel like everything you want is within reach with a little bit of luck and creativity
user1: Who was your favorite cast member?
user2: Leonardo himself. He just had this charismatic, carefree way about him that I wish was contagious! 
user1: I thought it was really funny. Did you?
user2: Definitely yes! So many moments that made me laugh out loud. Especially how he narroly escaped capture so many times. But I did love how it was such a lively/fun movie

conversation:
user1: Hey, how are you? Did you read the document yet?
user2: yes i just finished reading it 
user1: What is the name of the movie?
user2: the name of the movie is "catch me if you can"  if you like Spielberg movies this one seems great
user2: would you like to know about it?
user1: Yea, please
user1: The title sounds familiar
user1: What is it about?
user2: is based of a true story so is a autobiographical movie 
user2: is about this young kid frank who impersonates different jobs to con millions of dollars
user2: he first pretends to be a Pan american world airways pilot
user2: then a doctor and a prosecutor from Louisiana 
user2: you want to know the best part?
user1: What?
user2: that even after he got caught by the F.B.I they hired him since he was so good
user1: oh that sounds cool
user1: I think I have heard of this before
user2: he does have a sad story about his up bringing though 
user1: what happened?
user2: his father frank sr and french mother paula had difficult with the IRS they owed alot of money. his dad could not secure a loan so they lost their home
user2: his mother frustrated ended up cheating on his dad
user2: so they divorced
user1: Wow, thats dark
user2: thats where frank jr started looking for a better life by impersonating a french teach at his highschool
user1: that doesn't sound better haha
user1: that sounds like a cry for help
user2: he ended up stealing about 2.8 million from pan aam
user2: thats crazy 
user2: you know his father ended up dying and it was the cause of him getting caughtw
user2: want to know how?
user1: how?
user2: he heard his father was sick so he took a plane trip and goes back to his old him only to find a little girl by the windows that he realizes is his half sister. he loosk through the glass and see his the man that his mom left his dad for 
user2: due to this fact his grief stricken and jsut gave himself up
user2: he was sentenced for 12 years
user1: what? How?
user1: His mom cheated on his dad with him?
user1: thats so weird
user1: how does that work
user2: i might of explained it wrong. the reason he went back home was because his dad ended up dying. he was struck with grief. he went to his old house to see his mom. what he saw was a little girl on the window and his mom with her new husband. he realized that the little girl was his half sister. it was like a sign that his mom moved on and forgot about his dad and him. this kind of got him upset because he was very close to his dad. because of that, he turned himself in to the FBI 
user2: through the movie there is a fbi agent who is a supporting character and ends up getting fooled every time by frank jr his name was carl. carl at the end was the one who gave frank jr a job for the f.b.i
user2: overall seems like a pretty good movie

conversation:
user1: Hi have you ever seen catch me if you can?
user1: I just love this movie
user2: Hi, yes i just watched that movie! I really enjoyed it. What did you think?
user1: I think its an awesome crime movie and Leonard Dicaprio did an awesome job. Is he one of your favorite actors?
user2: He is my favourite actor, I enjoy all of his films. Do you like him?
user1: Yes I think he is great. Do you agree with the critics comment about it not being a major spielberg film?
user2: I wouldn't say that it's not a major film, but i would say it's different to much of his other work.
user2: What would you rate it out of 10?
user1: I can agree to that
user1: 8 for sure
user1: I can definitely agree with the rotten tomatoes 7.9 score
user1: Do you agree with them comparing this movie with Gangs of New York?
user2: Yeah i'd also give it around an 8. The acting was great, i'm also a big fan of Tom Hanks.
user2: I think Gangs of New York was much more complex and deep, this film seemed very light and i agree that it was comical
user1: Me too. But I hate how the critics did this movie. The one stating it was bogged down over 140 minutes. Definitley false. This movie was super interesting to me
user1: Yes it was comical. This man was a white colar criminal genious especially for back in those days to come up with this kind of scam is unheard of
user2: I think the content of the film always kept you guessing, it definitely didn't feel like 140 minutes
user2: Is this one of your favourite DiCaprio films?
user1: No not at all and the other comment about it taking off like a hare on speed and ends like a winded tortoise is completely false in my opinion as well
user1: No not one of my favorites. But definitely one of the most interesting fact wise
user1: I definitley think they hit the key scenes on the nail though. His father dieing is so critical
user2: I particularly enjoyed the relationship between Frank and his father, you can see where he got his abilities as a conman
user1: Absolutely you must have been reading my mind
user2: Oh yes, the fact that the film is a true story makes it all the more compelling
user1: Its so crazy to me how he ends up turning his life into working for the FBI due to a deal he got for his crimes.
user1: The FBI should probably start offering these types of deals again and they could possibly keep up with all the new crimes especially cyber 
user2: I agree, the best way to catch criminals is to use their in depth knowledge
user1: Oh yea Im more than positive if it was not based on a true story it wouldnt be as interesting to me
user2: One of the best parts about the movie was definitely the chase between Frank and Carl, how he was always so close but seemed to always be outwitted
user1: The ending is awesome to me too. A man that spent a portion of his life in prision ends up working for the FBI ends up with a family and ends up making even more money legit by creating checks to stop people from doing what he did. How crzy
user2: I like how everything works out in the end for Frank, even though he is a criminal he was charismatic and so likeable 
user1: I can certainly agree with that
user2: I know, it sucks for the people who were trying to do the same as he did but got caught because of him
user1: Yes he definitely was both of those things. Although I wonder if in real life he was or if DiCaprio and the part just brought that out
user2: I wonder if the guy in real life felt bad for helping to catch people who were probably just like him
user1: I know right!
user1: But good for him making a living off his mistakes that got him caught
user2: That's true, I feel like DiCaprio's personality probably shines through the character making the audience like him more

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello! Have you seen the movie Catch Me If You Can?
user2: No, I have not.
user2: Have you? If so, did you enjoy the movie?
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hanks, and Christopher Walken all star in Catch Me If You Can. 
user1: I have watched Catch Me If You Can. The director, Steven Spielberg, is a favorite of mine. 
user1: Are you a fan of dramatic crime films?
user2: He is a great director and it sounds like the movie has a great cast. I like mysteries, so yes to the dramatic crime films.
user2: Is this a crime movie?
user1: You should definitely watch Catch Me If You Can. I highly recommend it. It received a 96% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. 
user1: Yes, it is a crime movie. 
user2: What's the plot?
user2: Is it a violent film?
user1: In 1963, a teenager named Frank Abagnale carries out a series of cons that are worth millions of dollars. 
user1: It is based on a true story, but, no, it is not a violent film. 
user1: From posing as a substitute teacher in his French Class to impersonating an airline pilot, Frank Abignale succeeds in stealing over $2.8 million. 
user1: It is an outstanding film. It really is. 
user2: That's good. I'm not a fan of violent movies. Wow, a teenage con stealing millions, that's pretty impressive.
user2: It sounds like an interesting movie with a great plot and cast.
user1: It is! 
user2: I'd like to see it sometime.
user1: There is one particular scene that is uniquely interesting. 
user2: oh?
user1: The scene is towards the end of the film. The conclusion of the film will keep you on the edge of your seat. 
user1: I won't spoil it for you, though. 
user2: Ok. Don't spoil it for me.
user2: Thanks.
user1: Remember that it is a true story. 
user1: I will tell you that the ending credits reveal that Frank has been happily married, has three sons, lives in the Midwest, and still earns a good living. 
user2: So it's a criminal who overcomes his criminal past to live happily ever after? That sounds nice.
user1: As a criminal, Frank Abagnale does actually redeem himself in the end . 
user2: Who plays the character, Frank?
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio plays Frank. 
user2: When did this movie come out?
user1: Amy Adams and Nathalie Baye are also in the Catch Me If You Can. 
user1: The movie came out in 2002. 
user2: Well, this is going on my "to watch" list. Thanks for the recommendation. 

conversation:
user2: Hello
user2: Good morning
user1: hello ;]
user2: So what movie are we discussing today
user1: the movie is called catch me if you can    it is a 2002 biographial crime movie
user1: have you seen it
user2: I havent seen it!
user2: whats it about?
user2: could you tell me more please
user1: the starting cast are leonardo DiCaprio,   Tom Hanks christoper walkens  nathalie baye   and amy adams
user2: I like how they both act
user2: specially Tom Hanks
user2: his one of my favorites
user1: yes me to!!
user2: what about the director of the film?
user2: who directs the movie
user1: its about the life of frank Abagnale who before his 19th birthday succufully performed cones worth millions of dollers posing as a pan american world airway pilot
user2: Sounds really interesting 
user2: and al these is based on a bio/real life event?
user1: Director is steven speilberg
user2: His a great director
user2: I love his movies
user2: so far the movie sounds awesome
user1: yes he is and it doesent say if its real life or not
user2: it has good actors and a great director
user2: Oh I see, 
user2: how about the reviews of the movie?
user2: are they good
user1: yes and its rating on rotten tomatoes is 96% and 7.9/10
user2: Those are pretty good
user1: oh he also poses as an a fake georgia doctor and a Louisiana parish
user2: He appears to be a man with a great talent to deceive people 
user2: I like the plot
user2: and what about the critic responces?
user1: yes he seems like a deciver in fact it says in the movie info that hes so good the fbi hired him to cath others!!
user1: how cool is that
user2: It sounds really cool indeed
user1: well one says its not a typical spielberg film but its watchabul
user2: Yeah, I imagine Spielberg films with a lot of action, 
user1: anothyer says its a 90 percent funny
user1: movie
user2: so in general the critic responces are positive
user2: I think I will watch the movie
user2: Thanks a lot
user1: oh no i mean it is funnery then about 90 percent of hso called comedys sorry
user1: you welcome ;] now go gett your 2.00 dollers

conversation:
user1: Do you like biographical movies?
user2: yes
user2: i like movies in different subject matter
user2: which movie you talk
user1: Well, this one is about a crime.  The lead actor is Leonardo DiCaprio
user2: oh
user1: The name of the movie is "Catch Me If You Can"
user2: i hears about but cant saw
user2: what is about 
user2: main subject of the movie?
user1: It is based on the life of Frank Abagnale.  Have you ever heard about him?
user1: He was a great conman
user2: no
user2: is he comedian?
user2: Artist?
user2: or director?
user1: Well, the movie is based on the life of that man.
user1: He was a conman and a fraud.  He would run scams by pretending to be someone else
user2: what is the main part of the movie?
user1: In the movie, he posed as a substitute teacher, a pilot
user1: The authorities try to catch him
user1: That is what drove the movie
user1: and provided all the thrill and drama
user2: Action and drama?
user2: ok
user2: when it was released?
user2: did good business?
user1: in 2002
user1: It was directed by Spielberg, but is not considered his best work
user2: oh
user2:  is this film did good budiness?/
user1: Yes, it did
user2: how much 
user2: do u have idea
user1: 96% on rotten tomatoes
user1: and a cinema score of A-
user2: that good
user2: i would see pm CD
user2: DVD
user2: filw cast??\
user2: film
user1: Well there is Leonardo Di Caprio
user1: And Tome Hanks, Christopher Walken, Nathalie Bayne and Amy Adams
user2: oh nice cast
user2: nice to talk you

conversation:
user2: Hi
user2: Friend
user1: Hi!
user2: Have u watched the movie
user2: It's one of my favourite
user2: Leonardo played amazingly 
user2: But I like to hanks too
user1: I don't believe I have, can you tell me the title again please?
user1: I do like Leonardo as an actor
user2: Catch me if u can
user1: Oh yep, I have not seen that! 
user2: It's basically a crime movie
user2: But picturized perfectly 
user1: A mystery type crime movie or more action?
user1: Who are the other actors in the movie?
user2: It's comedy cum crime movie
user2: Leonardo and Tom hanks 
user2: Actually to hanks had to arrest the Leonardo
user2: Who made a number of fake checks 
user2: He got a grip of making fake checks for banks
user1: That sounds like a good action packed crime movie!
user2: But at the end to hanks put his crime mind to a right direction
user1: So both Tom Hanks is the good guy and Leonardo is the bad guy?
user2: I love the way when he adopted any profession he wants just by acting and witty way
user2: Yes yes lei was bad in movie
user1: Ahh I see, and Tom Hanks has to catch him and arrest him?
user2: There is lovely father son chemistry in movie too
user2: S
user1: Is Tom Hanks a police officer or like the FBI or CIA in this movie?
user2: Yes yes
user1: I see, well this definitely sounds like a movie I'd watch
user2: He had to investigate like who is generating a perfect fake checks 
user2: Lol
user2: That's a really funny part
user1: Oh, yes, so it's funny and action packed then?
user2: Exactly 
user2: U must have seen
user1: I have not, yet
user2: Then do 
user1: Do either Leonardo or Tom Hanks have any love interests in this movie, or are they married?
user2: Move over he do most of his tricks by his charming personality 
user2: No 
user1: Excellent, well I believe I'll be adding this to my list of movies to see
user2: Leo do flirt all the time 
user1: Thank you!

conversation:
user2: Have you ever seen the movie walle?
user1: I think we are supposed to discuss the movie catch me if you can.
user2: Oh don't think I was told what movie, but sure Ill have to look it up don't think I've seen that one.
user1: It's stars of Leonardo DiCaprio, and Tom Hanks.
user2: ooooo Leonardo... so young then.
user2: Came out in 2002.
user1: Yes, it's based off the true story of Frank Abagnale Junior.
user2: So he uses a fake identity to get the information he needs
user2: I'm watching a short plot summary to catch me up on it, looks like a movie I would be interested in watching. Have you seen it?
user1: Yes, he creates many different identities. It also has Christopher Walken in it, I love that guy! He is good in everything he does.
user1: Yes, it is very interesting, and entertaining.
user2: Do you know how long he got away with the fake checks?
user1: It seems like it was like 10 or 15 years.
user2: Carl doesn't seem to like Frank to much, I see he got hired at the same place for check faud.
user2: How funny to be on one side than the other. 
user2: Being the bad guy then helping catch them.
user1: Yes, I also just noticed in the cast of that Amy Adams and is in this movie, I had forgotten that.
user2: I don't recognize the name... Let me google what she looks like.
user2: Ah! I know who she is.. red hair.
user1: I like almost everything she's in. You might remember her from enchanted.
user2: YES!
user2: that was my first thought.
user2: Also Jennifer garner is in it.
user1: It's pretty interesting how this kid goes from cashing fake checks, to becoming a pilot, and lawyer.
user2: Well it just shows you that if you are determine you can do pretty much anything... at least for awhile. In 2018, I'm not so sure he would have got away with it for so long.
user2: Is this your favorite movie with Leo?
user1: Yes, I think in today's society it would be much harder.
user2: w
user1: My favorite movie with Leo is inception.
user2: What scene do you like most in the movie?
user1: I think the end Oregon Scott, after the Tom Hanks character has search for him so long.
user2: Inception is a good one! Mine would have to be... Django..
user1: I like at the very end of this movie they reveal the real frank, and to some details about his life.
user2: I'm watching the part where he pretends to be a FBI agent. He is so smooth with it.
user2: What details?
user1: Like how he's been married for 26 years, had some kids, lives in the Midwest, is still good friends with Carl, and has worked with the FBI to catch a lot of white collar bad guys.
user1: It looks like we're done. It was nice chatting with you about this movie.

conversation:
user1: Have you heard of the movie Catch Me If You Can?
user2: Hello. Are you familiar with the movie Catch me if you can?
user2: Lol yes! Great movie by Stephen Spielberg
user1: Yeah i like how “This is not a major Spielberg film, although it is an effortlessly watchable one”
user1: Did you know that "the range and ease and cleverness that Martin Scorsese so underutilized in Gangs ofNew York"?
user2: Nope. Did not really notice that.
user1: How about this one? Did you know.... "bogged down over 140 minutes. A film that took off like a hare on speed ends like awinded tortoise."?
user2: I guess yeah.
user1: Yeah that's a great fact.
user2: It is a funny movie. Never a dull moment
user1: Would you like to hear about a key moment in this spectacular movie?
user2: Yes! 
user2: I love that it got 96% in Rotten Tomatoes
user1: In 1963, teenaged Frank Abagnale lives in New Rochelle, New York with his father FrankAbagnale, Sr., and French mother Paula. When Frank Sr. is denied a business loan atChase Manhattan Bank due to unknown difficulties with the IRS, the family is forced tomove from their large home to a small apartment. Paula carries on an affair with Jack, afriend of her husband. Meanwhile, Frank poses as a substitute teacher in his French class.Frank's parents file for divorce, and Frank runs away. When he runs out of money, hebegins relying on confidence scams to get by. Soon, Frank's cons increase and he evenimpersonates an airline pilot. He forges Pan Am payroll checks and succeeds in stealingover $2.8 million.
user2: Nice plot right? What do you think of Leonardo DiCarpio as Frank?
user1: So good. I like when he uses Barry Allen as an alias.
user1: And that Tom Hanks as Carl Hanratty. What a phenom.
user2: I totally agree. Great cast that is why is it a good movie
user1: Rotten Tomatoes: 96% and average: 7.9/10
user1: Metacritic Score: 76/100
user1: CinemaScore: A-
user1: 2002 biographic StevenSpielberg
user1: Hitting you with straight facts here
user2: I think the ratings are great. 
user2: The scene then flashes forward to a plane returning Frank home from prison, where Carlinforms him that his father has died. Grief-stricken, Frank escapes from the plane and goesback to his old house, where he finds his mother with the man she left his father for, as wellas a girl who Frank realizes is his half-sister. Frank gives himself up and is sentenced to 12years in prison, getting visits from time to time from Carl. When Frank points out how one ofthe checks Carl is carrying as evidence is fake, Carl convinces the FBI to offer Frank a dealby which he can live out the remainder of his sentence working for the bank frauddepartment of the FBI, which Frank accepts. While working at the FBI, Frank misses thethrill of the chase and even attempts to fly as an airline pilot again. He is cornered by Carl,who insists that Frank will return to the FBI job since no one is chasing him. On thefollowing Monday, Carl is nervous that Frank has not yet arrived at work. However, Frankeventually arrives and they discuss their next case.
user2: What do you think of this scene
user1: Man what a great scene.
user1: Best scene I ever seen.
user2: I know right
user1: I know so much about this movie. The ending credits reveal that Frank has been happily married for 26 years, has three sons,lives in the Midwest, is still good friends with Carl, has caught some of the world's mostelusive money forgers, and earns millions of dollars each year because of his work creatingunforgeable checks.
user2: I love that is has a happy ending too. 
user1: I love that Amy Adams as Brenda Strong
user2: Yeah. She is awesome. 
user1: Nice talking with you.

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hi there
user2: Have you seen the movie, "Catch me if you can," ?
user1: I have.  Do like Leonardo DiCaprio?
user2: I love him. He's really great in this movie.
user2: So is Tom Hanks as Carl Hanratty
user1: He's good in everything.  What do you think of the story line?
user1: Yep can't go wrong with that cast.
user2: I agree. I love it. I like biographical crime movies. 
user1: I think it's amazing that he was able to pull it off.  But Frank Abagnale was really smart.
user1: Or else the people he conned were just dumb.
user2: Yeah for sure. I think it's crazy that he was such a notorious con artist at 19 and was so successful 
user1: That's the thing, he was only 19.  He must have looked older for his age.
user2: I like that the movie doesn't take itself too seriously. It really feels like a comedy more so then a crime-drama
user1: The dynamic between Carl and Frank was fantastic.
user2: I agree, the actors have a lot of great chemistry. Amy Adams, and Christopher Walken are great in it too. 
user2: Steven Spielberg is such a great director too.
user1: I disagree that this was not a major Spielberg film.  It was pretty popular.
user1: It was fairly ingenious for the FBI to use Frank to help them.
user2: I will say, even though it is a funny movie, there are a lot of sad scenes. Like when Frank finds out his dather has passed away. 
user2: I agree, I think that's awesome. 
user1: I know.  That was his downfall.  Otherwise, I don't think Hanratty would have ever caught him.  
user2: I agree. I think it's crazy how he was able to fool Pan Am for so long
user1: He fooled everyone.  I think people are just gullible and if you're as charming as Frank you can pull it off.
user2: I do think it's awesome that through everything he came out the other end married with kids and was able to find happiness
user1: I agree.  He wasn't a bad guy; I think he was just having fun seeing how far he could go.
user1: Did you also see Gangs of NY?
user2: Right. He was smart and didn't want to be poor like he kind of grew up. 
user2: Yes, that's a great one too. 
user2: I think that the ratings for this movie are pretty spot on though. 96% in rotten tomatoes is pretty great
user1: And it's so cool that Frank and Carl remained friends.
user1: They probably had a lot of respect for each other.
user2: I think that Carl had a lot of empathy and respect for him
user1: And I just noticed that Frank continued to earn millions of dollars a year from creating unforgeable checks.  So he obtained his objective.
user2: Yeah, that's crazy. Well have a good rest of your day!
user1: New Rochelle seems to be the location for many fims.
user1: You as well, nice chatting with you.

conversation:
user1: Hi, there!  
user1: Have you seen Catch Me If You Can? It's a Tom Hanks movie. 
user1: Hello?
user2: The only real flaw to this movie is it's too long.
user1: Oh, really? It sounds so good!!! Christopher Walken and everything. I haven't seen it -- but you have?
user1: Hello?

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hey
user1: Have you seen this movie before ? 
user2: Yes.
user2: The cast alone got my attentin
user2: what about you?
user1: yes i have . One of my favorite movies 
user2: I am a big Tom Hanks fan and who doesn't love Christopher Walken
user1: Same here im a big Tom Hanks fan he has so many great movies .  
user1: Im glad to see CinemaScore ranked this an A- pretty good considering they can be strict on ratings
user2: Not sure that Frank would be able to get away with check fraud these days
user2: Yeah me too, totally earned it
user1: Lol i dont think he would make it in today's world with technology so advanced
user2: LOL, no way. And lets hope it is not so easy to pass as a pilot!!!
user2: Thats just plain scary 
user1: Ha oh yeah i remember that scene .  This is making me wanna re watch it now !
user2: Netflix?
user1: Yeah that would be very scary 
user1: I have netflix i dont think they have this movie though 
user2: Yeah me either. 
user1: What was your favorite scene from this movie ?
user2: I do think its cool that the FBI hired him though. Who better than the guy who knows all the tricks
user1: Yeah that was a cool scene and it kept him out of jail if i remember right 
user2: I love when he walks through the airport surrounded by PanAm girls while the FBI are right there looking for him
user1: Great scene !  Very clever on his part 
user2: Yes.
user2: How about you? Any favorites?
user1: I would say my favorite scene was him getting caught at the end when he was making all the checks i was not expecting him to actually get caught , so its my favorite scene but i was upset
user2: I do love how in real life he ends up making a living off of making unforgivable checks. Stopping his kind of criminal. Irony!
user2: I know! A complete twist for me as well. I thought, there must be some way that he is going to escape.
user1: I was thinking the same thing !  If he did escape they could have made a catch me if you can part 2 ! 

conversation:
user1: Hello
user1: Do you see information about the movie?
user1: I think the waiting time is over.
user2: I did not choose this moive however it appears they chose it
user2: Have you seen the film?
user2: I have not howver Leo Dicaprio is a great actor
user2: i generally love all of his moives
user2: just noticed that amy adams and tom hanks are in it too! wow that sounds excellent
user2: It is also very interesting that all of that is a true story. Hard to believe a 19 year old kid could do all of that
user2: I don't think it would happen in 2018. He would get caught way too easily

conversation:
user2: Hey there!
user1: Hello- 
user1: have you seen any good movies lately?
user2: Of course and I got a good one, its an old movie but Im sure you would rewatch it if you already did watch it,
user1: Can you tell me about it?
user2: Catch me if you can, by the one and only Steven Spielberg himself.
user1: Sounds interesting, what is it about?
user2: Its a crime film, well specifically a biopic movie, the film is based on the life of Frank Abagnale, familiar?
user1: Not at all.
user1: I think I've heard the title before, but that's it.
user2: He performed cons worth millions of dollars by posing as a Pan American World Airways pilot, played by Leonardo DiCaprio.
user2: It released way back in 2002 so I guess I would call it an old movie already.
user2: Big names stars in this movie like Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hanks, Christopher Walken, Amy Adams.
user1: Is there a lot of action in it?
user1: Wow ... 2002, How have I not seen this?
user2: It does, a generous amount of it, but its a pretty clever movie for a crime movie.
user2: Well I was still in grade school in that year so.
user1: Any other big names other than Leo?
user2: Tom Hanks, Christopher Walken, Amy Adams, Nathalie Baye.
user1: Sounds like a pretty good cast.
user1: Do recall how long the movie was?
user2: Movie is fairly long, run time of 2 hours.
user2: Its a pretty good cast.
user1: 2 hours... Hmmmm... did it seem like you were watching it for that long? Or did it move pretty quickly?
user2: Pacing for this movie is acceptable, with a lot of action, it does not seem too dragging.
user1: That's good to know. I hate when long movies seem to drag on forever.
user1: Would you watch it again?
user2: Same here my friend, especially for a biopic of some kind and the movie is heavy on the story, Catch me if you can is cleverly good!
user2: Of course! Classics like this is timeless honestly.
user2: They dont make movies like this anymore.
user1: Do you have a favorite part of the movie?
user1: Or a favorite character?
user2: No spoilers but theres a scene somewhere that reveals a great part or fills a plot hole of the movie.
user2: It keeps you speculating for a bit but then when the scene enters, it will satisfy you.
user2: Thats all Im giving away haha.
user1: Thanks... I will have to check it out!
user2: Good to know!
user2: Have fun! and you have a good one my friend!
user1: You as well. 

conversation:
user1: hello, what did you think of  the movie Catch me if you can?
user2: hello
user2: i thought this movie was great its one of my favorites how about you ?
user1: I loved it, steven Spielberg is one of my favorite directors
user2: He is great ! 
user2: what was your favorite scene from the movie ?
user1: Do you normally like movie sin the biographical crime genre?
user2: Yes i do like that genre 
user1: I like when the fbi went from chasing leonardio, to asking him for help
user2: yeah that was great .  It was nice that he got to stay out of jail to help them 
user1: I thought tom hanks did a good job playing his part as well.
user2: yeah he did a great job in this film 
user2: Im glad to see cinemascore ranked this A- 
user1: thats true, it was 96% on rotten tomatoes.
user2: very good ratings 
user2: i might have to watch this movie soon 
user1: who was your favotrie chracter?
user2: my favorite actor in this film was leo by far!
user1: He was amazing, I like dhim as well, i also enjoyed Christohper walkens!
user2: He was great as well christophers acting was so good in this film 
user1: It was sad to see how carl took the news about his father diying
user1: frank, not carl, sorry
user2: Yeah i agree that was very sad
user1: amy adams was in this movie as well, do you remember the name of her character?
user2: I dont remember to be honest 
user1: oh, i remember i think it was brneda strong
user2: I think that was her name !
user2: Metactric rated this 76/100 i thought they would have rated higher
user1: i really enjoyed the ending of the movie, after a life of crimes forging checks, franks ends up making millions creating unforgeable checks.
user2: The ending was great probably one of my favorite parts of the movie
user1: yes, that's why i agree with you about the low rating. I gues speople just don;t know good movies when they see them

conversation:
user1: Hi have you ever seen the movie catch me if you can?
user2: I have never seen the movie catch me if you can. What is it about?
user1: Its about a guy named frank who performed millions of dollars in cons posing as a pan american airways pilot, a georgia doctor and a LA prosecutor. His primary crime was check fraud. He was so experienced the FBI eventually caught on and turned to him to help catch other forgers
user1: Its a super interesting movie the main character is Leonardo DiCaprio
user1: Based on a true story. do you like crime movies?
user2: That definitely sounds like something I could be interested in. I do like crime movies alot. Who else stars besides leonardo dicaprio?
user1: Tom Hanks and Christopher walken nathalie baye and amy adams
user1: Have you ever seen gangs of new york?
user2: I love Amy Adams! She's one of my favorite actors. Now I'm definitely interested.
user2: No, I have not seen gangs of new york. What is it about?
user1: Yea you should definitely check it out. some critics gave it poor ratings but me peronally its a good watch 
user2: I like to know what critics think before seeing a movie but I usually have my own opinions once I've watched it. What did critics say in particular was bad about it?
user1: gangs of new york is about a gangster in new york who also does fraud stuff and gets rich he started out as a drug dealer then got into fraud with a friend who eventually robs him and takes him all the way down from the top. Pretty much your average do bad bad happens to you.
user1: They said its not a major spielberg film but an efortlessly watchable one. 
user1: bogged down over 140 minutes a film that took off like a hare on speed ends like a winded tortoise
user1: but it has a 96% rotten tomatoes score and A- cinema score. Which rotten tomatoes higher the score better the movie
user2: Oh speilberg is the director. I enjoy the majority of his movies. I think even a bad spielberg movie can be enjoyable. 
user1: Yes then you would like this especially if you like crime movies
user2: I see, so gangs of newyork is right up my alley. Who is the lead in that film?
user1: One of the key scenes is when Frank's father is denied a loan at the bank and they have to move to a super small apartment. Frank eventually runs away and when he runs out of money thats when his schemes brings him success
user1: I dont have all the specifics of that movie in front of me and im terrible with actor names lol
user1: But if you like crime movies especially those that are based on factual events catch me if you can is the way to go. Gangs of new york isnt based on factual events
user2: No problem, Comparing gangs of newyork to catch me if you can, I think I prefer the former since its based on true events. 
user1: Yea another key scene is when he returns after having been run away for years and going to prison he walks in on his mother with his fathers best friend. Which the reason he returned home was because he was informed by a friend that his father had passed. COuld you imagine wlaking in on that? How awful
user2: Wow, that is awful. This movie seems to be filled with many twists and turns. Did his father die aturally or was it a result of him being involved with criminal dealings?
user1: No the father was a stand up guy actually. He didnt do anything crazy crazy. Frank got into scheming because he was so tired of watching his father be beat down by the system. Then he eventually when he gets caught, he gets offered a deal to work with the FBI in the banks fraud dept to catch fake checks coming thru. His best scheme was for 2.8 mil forging pan am airways payroll checks.
user1: When the FBI was searching for him, he assumed the identity of a pilot so he could flee where the FBI was searching for him initially. Super Genius!
user2: Frank is definitely a character I can relate to since I've had to witness my parents go through the same thing. So, I can understand franks motives for behaving the way he does. He is super smart.
user1: Definitely. So you think its a movie youd be interested in so far?
user2: What was the deal he cut with the fbi? Less jail time?
user2: I think so. I enjoy crime movies alot so I think I'd definitely watch it.
user1: They arranged for him to work in the banks fraud dept for the remainder of his sentence to catch fake checks
user1: eventually he ends up finishing out his sentence in the fraud dept he gets married has 3 sons catches some of the countries most elusive forgers and ends up making millions creating unforgeable checks
user2: Thats pretty cool that he was able to cut a deal with the fbi involving no prison time. 
user1: Absolutely. You wouldnt catch a break like that now a days thats for sure. Now they think they know everything because of all the technology. Little do they know if they hired some of the white colar crime people they put away to work for them they would be way more effective at stopping it
user2: I love a good ending. Im happy he was able to get married and have children. 
user1: Me to in the begining i definitely thought he was going to end up in prison the rest of his life or end up in some country where he couldnt be extradited just hiding out
user2: Exactly. If they employed people like they do in this movie they wouldnt have to be criminals. I completely agree.
user1: Well i hope you get the chance to watch it some time. you wont regret it
user2: Yes, but then that woyuld be a sad movie and I wouldnt be interested in that. I prefer happy endings to my movies,
user2: Thanks bye,

conversation:
user1: Hey there... I thought this was a fairly good movie
user1: Did you like it?
user2: Yes I did.  Steven Spielberg usually directs interesting films.
user2: I thought it was rated pretty accurately as well.
user1: What do you think of the critical response about him not taking his characters seriously?
user2: I tend to enjoy less serious movies so I did not mind that.  I felt the "bogged down" comment was a bit harsh however
user1: yes, me too. It was an interesting enough story to keep me entertained. 
user1: And it was true?!
user2: Agreed. If I'm watching a movie and not enjoying, I tend to not finish it rather than wasting the two hours of my time.  HA
user1: exactly. shouldn't we be advancing to the next script by now? lol
user1: Great characters and actors ;)
user2: I was just going to say I felt they had quite a few well known names in the cast list.
user1: I don't remember Christopher Walken being in it. I need to watch it again.
user1: It lists Martin Sheen on there
user2: I tend to not rewatch movies for whatever reason unless a decent amount of time goes between.  Unless it was a very captivating movie.  This one however I would consider just to try and pick up on more details.
user2: Always interesting to see how people "pull things off". Like how in the world could somebody get away with stealing so much money!
user1: Yes.. it looks like the document changed ... Do you remember him posing as a substitute teacher?
user2: I recognize the name Martin Sheen but I wouldn't recognize him.  
user1: He's more in 80's and 90's movies.
user2: I do not remember that but did find the airline pilot impersonation rather amusing.
user1: Yes, me too. 
user1: Some people can pull stuff like that off. Especially when they do not allow fear to butt in
user2: Ah before my time.  
user1: I really need to rewatch this movie. I don't remember when he returned home to his mother being with another man.
user2: I'd be way to scared to try stuff like that.  And escaping from a plane - not in my skill list.
user2: I do - but I can't imagine how that would feel in Real life.  Sound like his younger years were quite troubling for a kid
user1: wow..it's amazing he was able to pull that off as well as gain a lucrative career from it
user2: At least things seemed to work out in the end for him.  
user1: yeah... he was brilliant from it all
user2: from the credits it sounds as if He got to go on to have a, what seems to be, happy marriage and children
user1: he was pretty much a good guy trapped in bad circumstances. It's nice he was able to lead an honest life afterwards
user2: For sure.  His past seems to show how hard it was to start off good.
user1: It was nice chatting with you about this movie
user2: Yes you as well.

conversation:
user2: hi
user2: are you there
user1: Hi!, Yes I am
user1: How are you?
user1: Are you still there?
user1: Well, I'm doing fine, how about you?

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hi
user1: I want to talk about the movie Catch Me if You Can
user2:  have you watch Catch me if you can?
user1: Yes
user2: yes me too
user1: I loved it
user1: It was a great movie
user1: It has both Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks
user1: Two of my favorite actors
user1: How did you like it?
user2: i like the character the theme the story
user1: Cool
user1: I am glad it got such good reviews
user1: The critics loved it, it has a 96 percent on rotten tomatoes and a 76 on metacritic
user2: rank Abagnale, Jr. (Leonardo DiCaprio) worked as a doctor, a lawyer, and as a co-pilot for a major airline -- all before his 18th birthday.
user1: That is amazing how he did that.
user2: A master of deception, he was also a brilliant forger, whose skill gave him his first real claim to fame: At the age of 17, Frank Abagnale, Jr. became the most
user2: Catch Me If You Can is a 2002 American biographical crime film directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg from a screenplay by Jeff Nathanson.
user1: Who was your favorite character?
user2: Frank Abagnale, 
user2: and yours?
user1: I liked Carl
user1: I still can't believe how he scammed 2.8 million dollars at such a young age
user2: Inspired by the true story of a brilliant young master of deception and the FBI agent hot on his trail.
user1: When he escaped the from the plane was pretty funny
user2: this movie make 352.1 million USD
user1: Do you agree?
user1: It deserved the money
user2: yes
user2: becuase story is powerful
user1: Even though Frank did wrong, I still felt a lot of sympathy for him.
user1: He changes in the end and I love that Frank and Carl became good friends.
user2: yes
user2: agree with u
user1: Yeah, it is a great biographic film.
user1: Good talking to you.
user1: See you
user2: see you

conversation:
user2: Hi there
user1: Hello! What movie are you interested in?
user2: Well I like super hero moives
user2: Every seen  Batman v Superman/
user2: or actually into thrillers
user2: or movies that make you say wow like Catch me if you can
user1: I have seen several of the superhero movies, but not that one. Have you seen it?
user2: I have seen it
user2: but i think we should talk about Catch me if you can
user2: its a pretty good one
user2: Leo and tom hanks are in it
user1: I loved that movie! Those two are great in it. It is also a biography.
user2: Yea it is, which is crazy to think about
user2: I believe the critics also loved the movie
user2: it has high ratings on rotten tomatoes 
user2: Big fan of the director too
user1: Have you seen the movie?
user1: Who directed it?
user2: I've seen it once before
user2: Stephen spielberg
user2: he is the best
user1: No wonder!  He is wonderful.
user2: I belive he may have been nominated for an oscar for it
user2: I feel like its one of the higher rated movies of that time
user2: its from a few years back
user2: i thik i was in high school at the time
user1: Tom Hanks played the role very straight.
user2: Totally, i gues its fitting because of the time period
user2: it was a different time in the 60s 
user2: one im glad we are done with
user1: It was amazing what he could get away with as far as fraud.
user2: I think thats what critics also liked about it
user2: seeing how easy it was back then
user1: The fact that the Hanks character ends up hiring him in the end is amazing. Would never happen now.
user2: Maybe that how we are all better at seeing that now
user2: Nope never
user1: What was your favorite part?
user2: I like the time when you pretended to  be the piolet
user2: Pilot*
user2: it seems like a crazy concept
user2: but i like how it all rolls together
user2: Big fan of all the women in the film too
user1: He was brilliant. The fact that without medical school he passed the boards!
user1: HaHA!
user2: That was crazy
user2: i bet that happens in real life still
user2: like in a smal town
user2: cant trust everyone always
user1: He really was genius. It was sad how his parents divorce affected him so deeply..  
user2: Sad yes, but like come one dude
user2: dont be like that
user2: my parents are divorced, never thought to pretend to be another person
user2: maybe drink a few more whiskeys, but who hasnt
user2: What parts are you favorites?
user1: He idolized his dad. And committed fraud trying to impress him
user2: totally

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hi, how are you?
user1: I'm doing ok.
user1: I'm thinking about a movie which is based off a true story and portrays the life of a Frank Abagnale.
user1: It stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks.
user2: I’ve never heard of him, what did he do for a living?
user1: The movie is called Catch Me If You Can.
user1: Have you seen it? It got very good reviews on Rotten Tomatoes.
user2: I have not seen it, what is it about?
user1: It's about a man named Frank Abagnale (played by DiCaprio) who is a con man primarily through check fraud.
user1: The detective on his trail is Carl Hanratty (Tom Hanks) who chases his all over the world, thus the title Catch Me If You Can.
user2: Oh that sounds interesting. What year did the movie come out?
user1: Movie was released in 2002 and it got high ratings through several different review sites.
user2: Is he part of a gang or does he commit the crimes on his own?
user1: He's on his own and does the fraud throughout his teen years.
user1: He successfully impersonated a pilot, a doctor, a parish and in the end when he was caught, he ended up working for the FBI
user2: Sounds interesting.
user1: Yes, his impersonation of an airline pilot was with Pan Am and it netted him $2.8 million.
user1: It's based in NY as well.
user2: How long is the movie?
user1: Yea, about that, the movie is a bit long at 2.5 hours but overall I would say it's a must see.
user2: That’s not too bad. Is there plenty of action to keep you entertained?
user1: Not really much action but the storyline keeps you interested.
user2: Is there anything else I should know about the movie?
user1: In one scene where Frank Abagnale is caught, the detectives are extraditing him back to the US by plane. Abagnale goes to use the bathroom on the plane and escapes. 
user1: Eventually though, Carl catches up to him and Frank gives himself up and is sentenced to prison.
user2: And this is based on a true story?
user1: Carl occasionally visits him and through conversation and review of evidenced together, Frank ends up working for the FBI with Carl.
user1: Yes, it's based on a true story but they probably dramatized some parts of the story.
user1: Any other questions?
user1: I feel it's a good movie for all.
user1: Hello?

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hey there
user2: How'r u? First time trying this task. What movie do you wanna talk about? 
user1: This film has a 96% rating on rotten tomatoes it is directed by steven spielberg
user1: It's called catch me if you can
user1: can you guess who stars in it?
user2: Uhm,   i think i've seen that movie a long time ago.
user1: it's ya boi leo diccaprio
user2: aaah with tom hanks?
user1: yeah he plays the cop
user2: I've seen that movie , but i was just a child, too young to  remember that! But definetely i'll look for it again
user1: it is based on a true story
user2: Really? On who?
user1: frank adagnale jr
user2: i don't know him, who is ?
user1: he was liek a master con artists in the 60's
user2: Like a thief one? 
user1: yeah he posed as an airline pilot
user2: lol? what?! Actually i am an pilot. I think in that years they were so weak with the security so
user1: yeah it was in the 60's with pan american
user1: which doesn't exist anymore
user2: so the movie is based on his life?
user1: yeah
user1: he gets caught eventually
user2: got it
user1: eventually the fbi hires him because he is so good at forging checks
user2: Maybe he's the boss of the fbi.
user2: How old is him now, do you know?
user1: lol possibly
user1: he is in his 60's or 70's I think
user2: still medium young!
user2: do you like the movie?
user1: yeah he did all this in his 20's
user1: I haven;t seen it for years either
user1: but yeah it was very watchable
user2: damn, now i wanna try his method to don't get caught while at the security.
user1: you might have to go back in time

conversation:
user2: Hello! :-) 
user1: Hi. Catch Me if You Can gets good ratings and looks exciting.
user2: What is the movie about?
user1: Crime film about Frank Abagnale. (Sorry. Bad typist.) He's a con man.
user2: who are the main actors?
user1: He's so good the FBI asks for his help.
user1: Leanardo DiCaprio Tom Hamks
user1: Natalie Baye
user1: Amy Adams
user2: Oh, they are great actors. Did you see the movie yourself yet?
user1: Not yet. I agree great actors.
user2: So the movie is about a con man and the FBI. Who plays the con man?
user1: Di Caprio. Supposed to be funny, too.
user1: Biographical, so real??
user2: Why does the FBI need DiCaprio's help?
user2: Yes, I suppose it is?
user1: FBI wants help catching check forgers.
user2: What time period does this take place in?
user1: Starts in 1963
user2: And who does Amy Adams play?
user1: My screens is so tiny it is ahrd to read even though I'm on a desktop. :( Trying.
user1: Brenda Strong
user1: Seems there are flash forwards. Shows Frank's l;ife
user2: Sounds neat. What is the running time, do you know?
user1: doesn't say
user2: And the director?
user1: More stuff loading but more plot details. Don't want to give it al away!
user1: Steven Spielberg!
user2: Ohhhhhh, he's good! I love him as a director. Does it say whether or not there's also a sequel? Or is it just the one feature film?
user1: I think just one,.
user2: Does Tom Hanks play the FBI agent, then?
user1:  Trying to figure out who Carl is.
user1: It's fuzzy.
user2: Based on the plot details, do you think it'll be more of a comedy or more serious overall? I know you said it's supposed to be funny, but what would you say the genre is?
user1: I think he is FBI.
user1: Serious these with comedc moments
user1: Ugh. Total spoiler on my screen. No point in my watching it now. Too bad. It looks good. You should watch it.
user2: Thanks for the chat, I will! :-)
user1: Serious theme with comedic momenets. Sorry bad typist.
user1: Maybe I will tell my friends to watch it.
user2: Yes, it seems like it's really good!

conversation:
user2: This movie is about a famous con artist turned FBI analyst
user2: Can you imagine being on the run to working for the people you're running from?
user1: Sounds like he didn't take it too seriously until he was caught.
user2: True. Seems like he had a successful career as a con man, so I wouldn't have either
user1: He must have been able to think very quickly on his feet to pass himself off as so many different personas.  Especially as such a young age.
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks are great actors.  Not to mention Christopher Walken and Martin Sheen (who are also very talented).
user2: Well our imaginations our still at their strongest when we are young. Who didn't want to be a doctor or lawyer even a pilot when they were little/
user2: Yes this cast is extrmetely stacked
user1: With Steven Spielberg directing it, you know it will have a high attention to detail in both the script treatment and the cinematography.
user2: It scored high on Rotten Tomatoes and CinemaScore, so I think critiques and fans agree with your assessment.
user1: Very unusual nowadays to receive such a high rating from Rotten Tomatoes.  They are pretty tough on movies.
user2: It seems that most of the hate comes from people being upset about how well the movie started to then in on such a low note
user1: I agree.  It must have slowed down to more of a "drama" by the end.
user1: It also sounds like Frank had a natural bent for seeing loopholes in systems and used it in combination with his other skills of persuasion to con his way around the country.
user1: I didn't realize Amy Adams was also in this.  She must have been very young at the time as well.
user2: That type of mind is genius level if you ask me. Sadly all too often people use that for easy money
user2: 2.8 million isn't a bad payday 
user1: I don't believe I would be very good at it.  When I was a kid, I always got caught if I ever tried to tell a lie.
user2: 12 years wow! At least he didn't have to pay the money back.
user1: No kidding!  And, at least he was young at the time.  Sounds like he learned his lesson.
user1: The plot kind of reminds me of when you hear about teenage hackers nowadays who break into government systems for fun and eventually get caught and recruited by the government to help them stop other hackers.
user2: That is exactly what I was paralleling this story to. 
user2: It seems that even in the end, he wanted to go back to his old ways
user2: He must have been addicted to the rush
user1: Yup, sounds like he enjoyed the feeling of "faking" everyone out.
user1: Also funny how you hear about criminals who do all kinds of illegal stuff, but get put into jail on a more "minor" crime.  He wasn't convicted of anything but the check fraud....but since that also gave him a career, it was a double-edged sword, I guess.
user1: I'm just now realizing that this is based on a true story....wow!
user2: Exactly, and apparently he still makes millions
user1: Don't know if the government would be as forgiving today after all of the terrorist issues and such after 9/11.
user2:  I wonder if he actually drove the planes or only acted as such and made the second chair do all of the work
user1: Yeah, how far did he take it.  Did he actually try to fake his way through piloting a plane, or come up with an excuse each time to put it on the other guy's shoulders?
user1: Also, how in the world did he convince anyone that he was an actual Doctor.  At 19 years old?
user2: That is crazy to imagine. I remember a similar story of a young man who had an office, employees, and clients and I think he was 16, so it is very much possible
user1: I guess the right attitude can go a long way to "selling" a story.  I don't think I could pull it off.  Definitely not as a teenager. 

conversation:
user2: hey user two, have you seen this film/
user1: yes I have
user2: I remember always being fascinated by this character
user1: Yeah it was pretty amazing how believable he was in every role he played. I guess that is why he got away with it for so long
user2: Was he the one that was a surgeon and a airline pilot?
user1: Yeah and the FBI tried for a long time to catch him
user2: What was Chris walker's role taht is completely forgotten
user2: Oh he was Dad i see
user1: His dad 
user1: I liked when he found a little southern lady to marry 
user2: tell me about that, this is a old movie now
user1: He goes to Louisiana I believe and meets a young lady. Wins over her father and eventually marries her
user2: Also I think I know how Frank gets deeper into his con life. I knew an art student who practised by doing Rembrandt pen and iunk drawings. Then he started selling them for 15 bucks . A forger at the end. Hah
user2: So similarly, Frank just fakes it to make it and becomes a check forger.
user1: Yep, its funny that once they finally get him they get him to help them catch other cons. 
user1: because he was that good 
user2: like kackers
user2: hackers
user2: I meet fakers all the time
user1: Yeah I think Carl ends up being fond of Frank. They end up as friends
user2: Carl sees the art in it and has that grudging respect we give really good scammers.
user1: I wonder if Frank ever saw that girl again 
user2: That is unlikely as most women would be put off that lying to everyone was eventually what he woud do to her. I had a nephew we nicknamed Prevaricator cause of constant fibbing
user1: but he loved her
user1: he didnt lie to her
user2: Yeah, but he was unreliable in a sense because he was wedded to this weird world approach,bet he would have been a great secret agent.
user1: But hey it says he earned millions of dollars after because he was creating unforgeable checks
user1: which I dont know how you would create an unforgable check
user2: I gotta get his how to book.
user2: By the way that quote saying how this was a forgettable Spielberg movie is way off i think
user1: a film that took off like a hare on speed ends like a winded tortoise haha
user2: My girlfriend in AZ years ago had a tortoise as a pet and it "escaped", they found it three miles away weeks later. can't underestimate them and their like
user1: Wow
user2: I know!

conversation:
user2: Hey hi how are you 
user2: Have you seen this movie 
user1: I am well, how about yourself?
user1: no, I have not seen it myself but I have heard of it
user1: people seem to  really like it
user2: I am good thank d
user2: Yes its really good movie 
user1: So you have seen it?
user2: Yes
user1: Do you like Leonardo Dicarpiro? I love all of his movies
user2: Its kind of long 
user1: yeah, 144 minutes sounds long
user2: Yes he is good
user1: I usually like it when they are under 2 hours
user2: Yes bud its fun
user1: Do you know if the movie is based on a true story or not?
user2: Especially if you like Leonardo DiCaprio 
user2: Yes
user1: That is very cool
user2: Its a really story
user1: Hard to imagine a 19 year old kid could do all of that
user2: Thats even craxy
user2: I know
user2: I wish i was like him when i was 19 lol
user1: Yeah absolutely
user1: What a life
user1: flying a plane is awesome too
user2: Yeah
user1: Oh wow, cool that hes still alive and successfull
user1: that key scene #3 is very interesting
user1: I can;t wait to watch 
user2: Are you planning to see this movie at all 
user2: Soon lol
user2: I seen it many times
user1: It says he's still making millions!! What a guy
user2: Yeah he actually end up working for the FBI
user2: After all that happened 
user1: Amy Adams is in it too!! wow
user1: Im not sure anyone knew who she was back then

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: Hi what movie are we reviewing today ?
user1: Do you like biographical crime dramas?
user2: Yes they are very interesting 
user1: Have you seen Catch Me if you Can?
user2: No I haven’t seen that one yet? Who is in it ?
user1: Leonardo diCaprio, Tom Hanks, Christopher Walken, Amy Adams
user1: It's directed by Stephen Spielberg
user2: Ohh that’s a big cast !! What’s it about ?
user2: I like Stephan Spielberg !!
user2: ET was a great movie 
user1: It's about a 18 year old kid who creates different identities and perfroms check fraud.  He was at one time on FBI's most wanted list.  Now he helps the FBI catch criminals.  It's a cool story.
user2: I think he comes up with some treat ideas 
user1: Well, this is based on a real person
user2: Oh how Interesting ! Who does Leo play ? he is a good actor !! 
user1: He faked being a pilot, a doctor, and a lawyer among other things.  It's pretty crazy.
user1: Leo plays the lead
user1: Hanks plays the FBI agent chasing him
user2: Wow I am surprised I didn’t see this one sooner ! 
user1: And Walken plays Leo's dad
user2: Ohh Tom Hanks he is fun !! I like him as well !! 
user1: It came out in 2002
user2: Walken is a great actor ! 
user1: Yes, I think so too
user2: That was a while ago ?
user2: Probably why I missed it !! 
user2: Is it a family friendly movie ?
user1: Yes, it's one of Leo's best performances in my opinion
user2: Leo had many abilities to play different characters so he is probably great in this !! 
user2: I wi see if Netflix has this on ?
user1: Yeah.  It might.  It's regulalry on cable networks, too.
user2: Oh I will have to check that 
user1: Yeah, I think you'd enjoy it
user2: Does this film come across as violent ? 

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi there
user2: Hi
user1: So what movie are we talking about today?
user2: Well we are talking about Catch me if can. To tell you the truth I have seen it but I do not remember anything Q) 
user2: :)
user2: Have you seen it?
user1: I think I've seen a couple scenes from it but never all the way through so this'll be a surprise for me.
user2: Ok, so the movie is about Frank Abagnale. He was a guy that performed successfully cons worthy of millions of dollars.
user1: Who is he played by?
user2: And he was so successful that after a while the FBI turned to him for help with catching other forgers. 
user2: DiCaprio is starring and Wom Hanks
user2: sorry, Tom Hanks :)
user2: And also Christofer Walken, MArtin Sheen and Nathalie Baye
user1: Awesome, I didn't realise there were any Hanks movies I haven't seen
user2: Oh! So you are a Hanks fan then? 
user1: Yeah, absolutely fell in love with Forrest Gump and have watched all of his stuff since i saw that
user1: OR almost all I guess
user2: That's nice! It's also co-directed by Steven Spielberg, do you like him?
user1: Who doesn't. Spielberg is legendary.
user2: Yes, I guess you are right. 
user2: The funny thing is that the movie is based on a true story
user1: Is it really? I've never heard anything about it's history
user2: And the other thing I find funny actually is that that the guy that performed the crimes (all economical as  I understand)  I understand) started to do so because a bank denied a business loan. 
user1: Well I guess that's one way to deal with that type of problem, haha
user1: So a top billed cast and a compelling story based on fact, anything else I need to know about this movie?
user2: well, I really do not find anything else... It has an average rating of 7.9% though, so I guess it's a really good one :) 
user1: What is that rating based from?
user2: I suppose from the IMDB users. Oh! I didn't mention that the ending credits reveal that Frank has been happily married for 26 years and has 3 sons. He still makes millions of dollars each year because of his work... 
user1: His work as a con artist or his work for the FBI?
user2: his work for the FBI. Because the FBI caught him pretty soon at his con carrier and they convince him to cooperate. He now helps to create unforgeable checks! Isn't that interesting?! 
user1: Yeah, funny how it all turns out
user2: And before the FBI caught him he pretended to be a pilot, a doctor and a parish prosecutor! I think he liked the big life
user1: Yeah I'd say so.
user1: Guess I'll have to make time to watch it now, I think my dad has a copy of it on DVD that I could borrow.
user2: Well, you should know It's kinda long movie,  about 140 minutes... I hope you will enjoy it! 
user1: Me too! Have a good one mate.

conversation:
user1: hi hello !
user1: how are you ?
user2: I'm good

conversation:
user1: The movie was alright but not very memorable. I agree with the reviewer who wrote that it's "not a major Spielberg film," especially since I've never heard anyone mention the film.
user2: hello
user1: Hello. Do you watch a lot of crime dramas?

conversation:
user1: I didnt like this movie
user2: You didn’t like it? It was based on a pretty incredible true story
user1: It was a little to slow paced for me
user2: The fact that he was able to get away with his cons for so long and so much money was incredible.
user1: Thats a good point, I guess im more of a action movie fan. Maybe I will watch it again soon
user2: I think you should give it another look. I think Tom Hanks and Leonardo DiCaprio work well in their roles.
user1: I think I will, its been a long time since I saw it, always have been a Dicaprio fan.
user2: Me too. It received 96% on Rotten Tomatoes, which is very high. 

conversation:
user1: Hello, how are you. What movie are we talking about today? 
user2: hi....catche me if you can ...have you seen it?
user2: hello
user1: I have not seen it, what is it about 
user2: It is about a fraudster ,  Do you like stephen spielberg movies?
user1: I love stephen Speilberg movies. Is it an action movie?
user2: no it is about a fraudster who plays an airline captain and various other occupations and cheats people. it is a funny /drama /real life film.. are you interested? 
user1: Yes, it sounds like a great movie, I would love to see it. who plays in it? 
user2: Great cast, decaprio, walken , sheen and tom hanks.... do you like these actors?
user1: yes, I like all of them. decaprio is probably my favorite.  Have you seen the movie more than once? 
user2: No I haven't. It is a funny story. He is part french,s oh e is bilingulal and he starts teaching in a school as substitute french teacher when he is not a teacher. that is how he becomes used to fooling people . 
user1: What does he do to fool them? 
user2: He teaches, writes fake checks, works as an airline pilot and then starts kiting payroll checks from pan am. as a pilot
user1: that sounds interesting and funny. does he get into trouble for all of that? 
user2: Yes eventually, Tom hanks is a detective who is looking for decaprio... he stole a lot of money this way...about 3 million dollars in real life
user1: oh that is great, I can see Tom Hanks as a detective. I can also see Decaprio as the bad guy, He has that look about him. That is so much money, I cant imagine. 
user1: Is there any lead female roles in the movie 
user2: Yes, hanks has a great role . H e finally finds decaprio, or frank in the movie and catches him. He gets 12 years in prison. Hanks plays a great role
user2: Yes there is a beautiful actress,French lady , nathelie Baye as franks mother
user1: Does the movie show him doing time in prison or is that just the outcome? 
user2: Yes , it shows him in prison. Then he cuts a deal with the fbi for a shorter sentence to help them with bank fraud cases
user1: oh that is a great twist, helping after he just commited so much crime. Does he help catch anyone big? 
user2: Yes, he helps the fbi catch many others . He is still frineds with carl/hanks the fbi agent.
user1: Did you see this movie in the theater or at home? I bet it would be a great movie to watch on screen
user2: I watched it at home, I like theaters, do you?
user1: I love going to the theater, it makes the movie come to life. The sound of the movie as well as the size of the screen, I wish this was still in theaters i would go see. I guess I will have to just watch it at home :) 
user1: what would you rate this movie on a scale of 1 to 10
user2: Yes easy to focus. I would rate this movie an 8 out of ten. It has a great cast. The ending is very uplifting as it shows their frinedship with the fbi agent and he lives happily ever after , married for 26 years. Uplifting movie.  
user2: enlyed the chat. enjoy the movies
user2: I think you will like catch me if you can
user2: see it in a theater if you can

conversation:
user2: Hey!
user1: Hey there!
user1: I am a big fan of biographical movies, especially ones that revolve around crime like Catch me if you can
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hanks and Christopher Walken is superstar trio in this movie
user1: What do you think of the ratings of this movie?
user2: I just simply love any Steven Spielberg movie. Also, this movie has my favorite actor of all time Tom Hanks, AND one of the best hollywood stars in history: Leonardo Dicaprio
user2: I think 96% from Rotten Tomatoes is pretty reasonable
user2: but the Metacritic score as bit too low
user2: I mean that movie was great!
user1: Do you like biographical crime genre movies?
user2: if you count movies such as "The Wolf of WallStreet" as one XD then yeah!
user1: That movie definitely fits as well. Did you have a favorite scene in this movie?
user2: it has got to be the classroom scene, without a doubt
user2: what's yours?
user1: When he comes in and pretends to be the substitute? That is a great scene. I think when Tom Hanks first catches him, and he acts like he's a federal agent from another division. He gets away scot-free
user2: yeah, that was brilliant
user2: Is this your favorite Leo Dicaprio movie?
user1: Thats a really tough question, Django was amazing but I'd probably go with Blood Diamond
user1: Luckily my parents never got a divorce and I never was forced to run away and con Pan Am out of 2.8 million. 
user2: That was a good one XD
user1: I did not like the scene where his mom had an affair.
user2: My favorite Leo DiCaprio movie is Shutter Island, without a doubt, that's the greatest movie Leo Dicaprio has ever acted in
user1: That was a good one
user1: That was a tough 10 minutes of the movie when Frank Jr finds out his father died and then he goes to his mothers house to see her happy with a new family.
user2: Yes, that scene was really painful
user1: Did you think there was a possibility he wasn't going to show up after Carl let Frank fly, near the end of the movie?
user2: actually, and funnily enough XD I was so anxious while watching that scene
user2: I really thought he wasn't gonna show up
user1: haha I was anxious with the same thoughts as well
user2: not gonna lie, I enjoyed the chase so much that I wanted Frank to go for another one
user2: I really wanted the movie on an adventurous note XD
user1: The revelation in the ending credits that he was happily married, having 3 sons, and has made a great living was nice and all but like you I enjoyed the chase
user1: Perhaps if it wasn't a biographical that could of been the spin zone to make a second movie lol
user2: yeah, it would've been a nice plot twist at the end
user2: is this your favorite Tom Hanks movie?
user1: Has to be Forrest Gump
user1: you?
user2: The Green Mile
user1: That was a great movie
user1: I wonder if this movie is on any streaming service or on demand through a channel provider, do you know?
user2: well, I bought the DVD
user2: I wouldn't know about it being available through a streaming service
user1: Lucky! Thanks for discussing this movie with me, I'll have to find it for myself if I want to watch it again
user1: Oh okay, thanks again, have a great day!
user2: have a good one!

conversation:
user1: hi there!
user2: Howdy!
user1: Catch Me if You Can is an amazing movie! Rotten Tomatoes seems to agree!
user2: Yeah i think so too, but i think it should have gotten a better score.
user1: Well it ended pretty slow and seemed to drag on after a while.
user2: I think the story is fascinating, how a 19 year old kid could do so much 
user1: And its even a true story!
user2: Too bad he used his great mind to commit crimes
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks were just amazing!
user1: True, but he did end up helping catch check forgers at the end
user2: Yes, it was one of the best acting jobs of DiCaprio in my opinion.
user1: Absolutely. And Tom Hanks, always a solid performer! I wonder why it took until 2002 to make a movie about this story.
user2: Frank had a though time with his parents, he had to endure their divorce.
user1: Steven Spielberg did an amazing job directing.
user2: He had the need of money, since he lived in a wealthy family and suddenly had to adapt to living in a small apartment, so i guess that's what motivated him to do what he did.
user2: Yes, Steven Spielberg as always, making great movies
user1: And his mother's affair had to be difficult
user1: One of my favorite scenes is when Frank Jr. first poses as an airline pilot.
user2: Oh yeah, the way he fooled the cops on that moment, hilarious 
user1: Its a nail-biter when he escapes off of the plane!
user2: But like most of the times, the evil doers have to fall, and this one wasn't going to escape.
user2: It was his decision tho, if he wanted he could have gone somewhere else, but he couldn
user2: he couldn't accept what his mother did.
user2: I believe he saw Carl as a father figure
user1: Desperation started him on his journey, but his wits and fondness for the deception made him excel
user1: I like the ending. I wonder if that's how the story ends in real life
user1: Amy adams was good in this too.
user1: In the beginning, you want to dislike Carl, but he turns out to be a pretty great guy under that tough facade
user1: The amount of money Frank Jr. ended up stealing and producing is astounding. And that is all in 1960's and 1970's money!
user1: Can't deny the real talent and guts this guy had!
user1: There are several funny moments in the movie, and just as many moments that put you on the edge of your seat. What a ride!

conversation:
user1: Hi, have you seen any good movies lately?
user2: Yes. A movie called Catch Me If You Can.
user1: Oh thats an older one isnt it? Never watched it!
user2: It is a biographical crime movie directed by Steven Spielberg in 2002. I guess it is pretty old!
user1: Oh I like Speilberg movies. Who plays in it?
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio is a leading role. He plays a man name Frank who cons millions of dollars.
user2: Some critics compare it to Gangs of New York.
user1: I have always liked Leonardo. That sounds interesting, and does he get away with it ?
user1: I've never seen Gangs of New York either lol
user2: He was so good at it that eventually the FBI turned to him for help catching other cons!
user2: So exciting!! A very interesting movie, indeed.
user2: He even impersonated a pilot at one point in time!
user1: I'm not into biographies, but this doesnt sound like a boring documentary type. 
user1: I do like crime movies
user2: Yes Frank Abagnale was a historic figure i crime.
user2: The whole movie is set in New York.
user1: So does he live this life forever, or eventually get away from the crime?
user2: Well, it seems he does go to prison in fact.
user2: Tom Hanks plays the FBI agent that offers him the deal though.
user1: What a life, as a con man. Have to be very smart !!
user1: Another good actor
user2: Yes, and love a thrill!
user1: Not a life for me lol
user1: But fun to watch!
user2: Definitely! I think you should give it a try.
user1: I think my husband would enjoy it as well, wonder where I can find it these days?
user2: Do you want to know the ending?
user1: Blockbuster by us has closed
user1: No, I think I will try finding it and seeing for ourselves how it ends
user2: I'm glad I could be of assistance.
user2: I hope you enjoy it!
user1: Thanks for the recommendation!
user1: It isnt a movie I'd usually pick off the self
user2: Tell me how you liked it and I will be sure to recommend more next time.
user1: shelf

conversation:
user2: Pretty fun movie. Was this his next one after Titanic?
user2: For Leonardo DiCaprio, I mean.
user1: Oh I'm not sure. This movie was quite interesting.
user1: Seems like a smart guy to begin with
user2: Do you remember the scene where he's a doctor in this movie? My girlfriend and I ask each about concurrence all the time. Do you concur? I concur.
user1: Yes I do. 
user2: Do you agree with the critical reception? I thought it was a standout movie for that year.
user1: I do agree, in fact it is one of my all time favorite movie for that year especially!
user2: What do you think about the last critical response on the list? I can't remember if that was true or not.
user1: I honestly, was far too young at the time to remember such a hype, however I do think it's a bit of an exaggeration 
user1: From one to ten, ten being the best of all. How would you rate this movie personally?
user2: I would rate it a seven. You?
user2: Is this your favorite genre of movie?
user1: Probably an 8 because it's one of my favorite movies. Do you remember at the beginning of the movie when Frank impersonated as a French Teacher?
user1: It isn't actually, but the plot of this movie made it one of my most faves!
user2: What would you rate it, from 1 to 10?
user1: an eight (:
user1: Do you think Leonardo DiCaprio did a really great job at the beginning of the movie when he was a French Teacher?
user2: Tell me what you think.
user1: I really enjoyed that scene.
user2: I liked that it was based on a true story. What did you think of the person the film is based on?
user1: I think he's quite smart for the actions he's done throughout the whole storyline.
user2: Real Frank?
user1: Yes.
user2: Quick question off the topic, because I'm really impressed. Are you AI, or a real person?
user1: I don't know who AI is.... I'm pretty sure I'm a real person though.
user2: Just what an AI would say... What do you think about the latest paragraph. pretty crazy with the real guy, huh?
user2: Which actor or actress was your favorite?
user1: I think it's pretty good, I don't actually think that was what happened to that person that they were basing on.
user1: Actors/Actress in the movie or ...?
user2: yes
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio, sounds mainstream but i really like his acting work. What about you?
user2: Hanks and Walken, obviously
user1: I've never watched a movie from neither of them besides this movie..
user2: Surely you can't be serious
user1: I am serious.
user2: I think we're good to go now. Goodbye, possibly robot person!
user1: Have a nice night!

conversation:
user2: Hi there
user2: Anyone home......
user1: Hi there! Have you seen the movie "Catch Me if you Can"?
user2: I have its great, how about you?
user1: I really like it too. Rotton Tomatoes gave it 7.9 out of 10. Do you agree with that score?
user2: I give it a 10. Its one of my favorites.
user1: Leonardo DeCaprio pairs great with Tom Hanks. Who's your favorite actor/atress?
user2: The story of frank Abernathy was made for the silver screen
user2: Tom hanks is my favorite but I liked Leo better in this one
user1: This film is also based on an original screenplay.
user2: But my favorite actor in it is the dad Christopher walken
user2: Yeah its crazy to go from check fraud to working for the fbi lol
user1: Leo is always one step ahead of Tom Hanks in this "biograpic/crime" from 2002. Christopher plays a great actor in his portrayal of Leo's dad.
user1: Have you been to New York?
user2: I was secretly routing for Leo the whole time
user2: How about you, yes I live there.
user2: How about you?
user1: Yes, I live in the state of New York.
user1: Yet, this story takes place in New Rochelle, NY.
user2: I thought it was so clever of frank to use the toy planes in the tub to put stamps on the checks.
user2: Not so easy to do something like that today I wouldn't believe lol
user1: Christopher Walken couldn't get his loan approved so Leo goes on his adventure to save him and his business. He goes to some great lengths, as you said
user2: I wish they made a sequel to this movie depicting Frank's life now and his work with the fraud department at the fbi.
user1: I wouldn't be surprised. It's based on a true story, and CinemScore rated it A
user2: Yep, I give it a 10. I have it stored on my dvr and I've seen it at least 100 times
user1: He could have faced 12 years in prison but decided to work for the FBI instead.
user2: If only he wouldn't have gone to his moms hometown in France that Christmas eve.....
user1: I know right? What are the odds? It's scenes like that that make it a great movie!
user2: Luckily hanratty got him out of that French prison though.....he would've died in there for sure.
user1: Yeah, thats true. It ends good when he helps catch the world's most elusive money forgers!
user2: Can you imagine though finding out that you're dad died in that fashion.....flying home in handcuffs on your way to jail.....awful!
user1: He is definitely mentally strong and would have to be a genius to get away with having so many different jobs!
user1: He made millions of dollars doing it too!
user2: Yep, my favorite was definitely the pilot. They were treated like royalty back then!
user2: Millions of dollars.....worth a bit of jail time to me lol.
user2: I think I may go watch it now.....
user1: The director did an excellent job portraying Leo as a pilot in the prime years of such a career.
user1: I would consider watching again tonight myself, it's an excellent film, as it's 16 years old now!
user1: Steven Spielberg really does a good job directing this classic!

conversation:
user1: Hello :)
user2: Hi there!
user2: Have you seen the movie Catch Me If You Can?
user1: No i havent. what is it about
user2: It's a true story about a guy, Frank Abagnale, who performs cons worth millions of dollars by posing as other people. Leo DiCaprio is plays Frank and does a very good job.
user2: Tom Hanks and Christopher Walken are also in it.
user1: wow, that sounds pretty interesting. so its a cops and robbers kind of movie almost then?
user2: In a way. He plays all kinds of different occupations - a pilot, a doctor and a prosecutor - without any previous training or experience and gets away with it. 
user2: He's so good at it, he starts helping the FBI catch people like him.
user1: so hes a genius who can take any identity he wants?
user2: Pretty much. He is good at everything he does, too. If only...lol.
user1: How long is the film? this doesn't seem like an hour and a half movie since the story is so detailed
user2: I don't know how long it is but it was over 2 hours for sure. It was directed by Spielberg and his movies are usually longer than 90 minutes.
user1: Oh ok i didnt know spielgerg made the film. yeah his stuff is normally pretty in depth
user1: is there anything else interesting about the film you can tell me?
user2: The Rotten Tomatoes score was 96% which is pretty high for any movie. And the CinemaScore was A- so it was well-received critically.
user2: When Frank was still living at home with his mother, Frank posed as a substitute teacher in his French class.
user1: damn he is a jack of all trades.
user2: Then he ran away when his parents divorced. He impersonated a pilot after that and forged PanAm payroll checks and got away with 2.8 million dollars. 
user2: Yes, he was.
user2: He does get put in prison for 12 years, though, since he's eventually caught.
user1: does he get out after that and keep going. or does he stop?
user2: After that the FBI starts using his services in exchange for the remainder of his sentence.
user1: oh ok so he helped the FBI instead of doing all his jail time.
user2: He does one more pilot scheme - because he misses it.
user1: on a scale of 1 to 10 how would you rate this movie.
user2: He did some jail time but approached the FBI to reduce his time and he would help him in exchange. Tom Hanks plays his FBI contact and partner.
user2: Definitely a 10
user1: yeah he seems like he made a fool of the FBI the entire movie from what it sounds.
user2: At the end, the credits show Frank has been married for 26 years, has 3 sons, and is still good friends with the Tom Hanks character. And he's caught many forgers and earns millions a year because of his work creating unforgeable checks.
user2: Yes, he did in a way but they were also smart enough to know how to use his talents.
user1: so you think this is a KID friendly movie or just something adults should watch?
user2: I would say more of a PG type movie. There's nothing bad in it but it does show the "villain" in a good light. But, smart kids will understand that.
user1: I think im going to go out tonight and buy this movie and give it a shot.
user2: It's really worth the time to see it. Great actors and director. Can't miss.
user2: You won't be sorry.
user1: ok thanks for the information.

conversation:
user1: Hi I really enjoy this movie I especially love how Frank Abagnale is so young but able to pull of these cons
user2: I was not aware that this was a Spielberg film. It feels so different than his other works
user1: Yeah I guess it seems more focused on a smaller story arc than other movies by Spielberg. Great casting choices though really round it out with Christopher Walken and Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks
user2: The fact that the FBI hired him because he was so great at check fraud is great.
user1: Or the fact that he claimed to be both a doctor and a lawyer and everyone just accepted that
user2: Its such a funny movie that i forget its a Crime film
user1: Yeah it doesn't really seem to fit in that genre because of all the comedic elements and the fact that they put the criminal in such a good light with his different jobs and cons.
user2: Frank Abagnale lived such a crazy life that it is almost hard to believe that this move is based on his actual life and not just a work of fiction
user1: Yeah it would be hard today to constantly reinvent yourself, even in the 1960s he eventually got found out. Maybe if the movie, and the true story, was set a little earlier they never would have caught him
user2: Thats true. Especially with the check fraud. They basically took him at face value
user1: I guess maybe they didn't think a clean-cut kid would do something like that. The new document we just got jogged my memory about the French class scene and I think its just another example of a clean-cut kid being able to get away with murder by just acting the part
user2: He was very resourceful. Most children who run out of money would end up heading back home after running away
user1: That's true, he must've really been shattered by his home life. Its a little sad actually. I think DiCaprio did a good job of conveying that betrayal you really saw it in his face at different scenes.  
user2: His acting was top notch in this. I also always forget that Amy Adams was in this!
user1: Oh wow that's right. It must have been one of her earliest big works. It was kind of a bad situation for her character though just getting taken for a ride by the 1960s equivalent of a catfish
user2: He catfished every one. The Louisiana Bar association, the Georgia Hospitals. Pan Am. 
user1: Oh boy just remembered the ending, that scene was so sad with him looking through the window at how he basically was replaced!
user2: That was so sad! i remembered watching the scene where Carl is waiting for Frank to walk in on monday. Part of me didnt believe he was going to come through that door
user1: Yeah that ending seemed a little too perfect, I wonder if that is how it happened in real life. It is great though how he was able to switch right back to being an airplane pilot. Like I imagine him just getting up in the morning and deciding on a whim to be a pilot for the day.
user2: You have to be so confident in your skills. He even straight up told carl that the check was fake. Just to prove how good he was. He didnt need to help carl out. 
user1: I think it was smart for him to do though, maybe it was another con when he just decided to be a good old boy and join the FBI
user2: I wish that I had the skill to just choose to fly a plane. Like, i can see how you fake being a lawyer. You can study and read different laws. But flying planes, and surgery. You dont get too many chances to practice. and those are life and death situations. 
user1: I think being a pilot would be easier than a lawyer, because when he was a pilot he had help from the other pilots but as a lawyer he is kind of stuck up there by himself. 
user2: Thats true i suppose. What i really like about this movie, is that at the end you see that he is one of the people who put alot of work in making checks unforgeable. Its almost like a test to other forgers. You have to beat Frank Abagnales test to prove your worth
user1: And by working for the man instead of fighting him he was able to make even more money and didn't have to run. Maybe it was the ultimate con
user2: Ahh, yes. That long con. Though 2.8 million isnt something to thumb your nose at. Especially in 1960's money. 
user1: that's true plus I wonder if the government ever found all of the money he stole. I think that was left ambiguous in the movie.
user2: Yeah, it was a sort of a nod and wink. Like this is what we KNOW he has. Over all though. I agree with the rotten tomatoes score for this. and i usually find those to be either way too high or low. 
user1: I am more partial to metacritic usually. I would think the movie would score a little higher than 76. Maybe if got some more attention today it would do better.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hello
user1: I liked this movie.
user1: Did you?
user2: WHich movie is that?
user1: Catch me if you can
user2: I did like that movie 
user2: What was your favorite part
user1: I saw it in theaters when it came out and ended up buying it on DVD some time later
user1: Hmmm
user2: I only saw it on dvd. I wish i had seen it in the movies though 
user1: My favorite part was near the end when Tom Hanks' character catches Frank in France. Tells him cops are outside and they go outside and hear holiday music for a short while before the police show up
user2: I really liked that part to!! I love movies with Tom hanks in them, he is a great actor
user1: I thought that was well shot and memorable
user2: Yes it defintely was 
user1: Any other parts come to your mind about the movie?
user1: Yes Tom Hanks is one of my favorite actors actually!
user1: Ive seen many films with him in it
user2: Nothing specific but i did like how he pretended to be different things like a pilot, docter, etc. I thought that was great
user2: I read the book along time ago as well. Steven spielburg is a favorite of mine
user1: Yeah, definitely. I couldnt believe that the movie was based on true events!
user1: Glad that Frank ended up working for the good guys in the end
user2: Yeah that is so crazy. I didnt know that at the time when i seen it 
user2: I also liked the part where he described meeting his wife in France
user2: I think it was made into a musical as well but i did not see that 
user1: Oh no kidding, really? I like musicals and would be interested to watch that
user1: Right off the bat my first guess is that fly me to the moon by Frank Sinatra is one of the songs in it ha
user2: It was only for a brief time, 170 performances only. I guess it was not as popular as they had hoped 
user2: It probably was one of the songs, not sure on that though 
user1: Oh thats too bad.. im sure I could find something about it on youtube though. They have everything
user2: Very true, youtube is the go to for everything 
user2: I use that alot to find things
user1: Spielberg's unique style of shooting a movie also made the movie stand out to me aswell though.

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: Hello!
user1: So did you like this movie?
user2: It wasn't the best film. But i'll watch it if it's on tv. 
user2: How about you?
user1: Same here! I've watched it a few times myself.
user2: Who is your favorite actor in it?
user1: I think Leonardo Dicaprio is fantastic in any movie. How about you?
user2: I like him, I also really like Tom Hanks
user2: Isn't it interesting how this is a true story?
user1: After writing that i thought the same thing, that he is also a really good actor.
user1: VERY! But so sad, in my opinion, for all of the hearts crushed lol
user2: Do you agree with the rating of the movie
user1: Honestly, a 7.9 out of 10, I would say i agree mostly. Def wouldnt go much lower or higher. How about you?
user2: Hmmmm.. I'd say about a 7.5. Not that it was bad, but I feel that it lacked in some areas.
user1: I suppose you are right. 
user1: I really didnt like how much of a play boy he was but i guess it fit the role. 
user2: I really did like how they showed the background that led to what was going on in the story. Without that, I would have been confused 
user1: Same here! I like movies that tell a story, if not im way behind and confused lol
user2: Frank and Carl seem to get along well too. I mean, with everything going on they still show up to work together and take care of business. 
user1: That is true. 
user1: Do you typically watch this genre of movies ?
user2: Not really. I tend to watch more romantic comedies. How about yourself?
user1: Same here. Those are my favorites. But this one is quite interesting in my opinion.
user2: I agree. I like that it is a Spielberg film. That brings more appreciation
user1: I am actually surprised it was a Spielberg film. Didnt know that untill now.
user1: Do you agree with the critical responses? 
user2: Yes and no. I agree that the length of the movie was a bit long, seemed bogged down. 
user2: You?
user1: A bit yes.
user1: Isnt it crazy to think someone doing that much illegal stuff could actually in fact end up helping the FBI?
user2: We rarely see that nowadays.
user1: Well it looks like we can finish our conversation. It was lovely chatting with you! Catch me if you can!
user2: I really like how they talked about Frank in the ending credits. They didn't leave us at a blank wondering what happened. 

conversation:
user2: What's the name of the movie
user1: hello, the name of the movie is "Catch me if you can"
user2: Hello, sounds interesting.
user2: What's it about?
user1: yes it is very interesting, it is an american biographical crime film based on the life of Frank Abagnale who before his 18th birthday sucessfully performed cons worth millions of dollars by posing as a Pan American World Airways pilot.
user2: That does sound pretty decent. I'd say I would have to watch that. Do the cons involve theft? 
user1: there is several cons that go on during the movie 
user2: Would you watch the film?
user1: most of the cons were check fraud 
user1: yes i would love to watch the film
user1: is there anything else youd like to know about the film?
user2: What year does it take place in?
user1: the film takes place in 1963 and all throughout the 60's
user2: Is it a violent film? What age range do you think it would suite?
user1: not really violent if i were to rate it id say pg-13
user2: Makes sense if he did all this before he was 18!
user2: Anything else you find interesting about it?
user1: i find it very interesting that this film is based on a true story.
user2: Do you know any of the actors in it?
user1: yes, the main character is Leonardo DiCaprio as frank abagnale jr.
user2: Oh wow. 
user1: other main character is Tom Hanks
user2: Would the film appeal to mostly Men or Women? Or do you think everyone could enjoy it like a family film?
user1: he plays FBI agent Carl Hanratty
user1: i feel as though this film could be suited for all audiences.
user1: would you like to know when the movie was produced?
user2: Very good, Tom hanks and Leo are great Actors. 
user2: Yes I would.
user2: Also who is the Director?
user1: yes i agree they play very great roles in this film
user1: it was produced in 2002
user1: and the director is Steven Speilberg
user2: Oh, so it's not too old.
user2: Well he's a great director!
user2: Have a good night.

conversation:
user1: Hey!
user1: Any movie you want to share?
user2: Hi! Have you seen Catch Me If You Can?
user1: Not yet. Sadly.
user1: Tell me about the movie. :D
user2: Well do you like Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hanks and Christopher Walken?
user1: All great actors!
user1: Of course.
user2: Exactly. So they make up the main characters with Leo as the lead playing Frank Abagnale Jr.
user1: Whos that?
user2: Apparently the movie is based on Frank's life who was a crazy con man.
user1: Oooh interesting.
user1: I love those types of movies.
user1: Tell me more about the role of Tom Hanks and Walken too!
user2: Before he was 19 he had gotten away with millions of dollars worth of fraud and posed as a pilot, a doctor and a lawyer
user1: Damn.
user1: That's a very interesting plot. I think I want to be him right now haha.
user1: How about the other roles?
user2: He was forced to start scamming after his dad (Walken) split up with his mom and he runs away
user1: Ohh okay, any major plot holes in the movie you would like to point out?
user2: Not yet haha. Except that I will say this kind of scam would never work in a post 911 world.
user2: The movie did get 96% on rotten tomatoes and is a Spielberg flick
user1: Thats impressive!
user1: I would definitely check that movie out.
user1: Now I am very interested haha,
user2: Lots of big names. Lots of good scams
user1: I agree.
user2: Plus, it turns out in real life the FBI hired Frank as a consultant to help them prevent and identify fraud
user1: PLOT TWIST!
user1: I love plot twists haha
user2: I know right?! After chasing him, the FBI makes a deal and hires him.
user1: Hahaha
user1: Sketchy.
user1: I always love Leo when he gets a movie with plot twists.
user1: His reactions are the best.
user2: He did go to jail for a bit, but the FBI said he made the best checks ever.
user2: He's such a versatile actor.
user1: I love it haha
user1: I am definitely going to check out the movie later.
user1: No spoilers!
user2: I think you should
user1: Okay that's enough details haha

conversation:
user2: Hi! I'm tired of Leonardo DiCaprio being in movies.
user1: Why so ?
user2: I've seen him act in similar ways in too many films, it gets old. But I see that Tom Hanks is in this, and he's always great.
user1: What movie are you specifically referring to
user2: Catch me if you can
user1: Interesesting, any specific part you dont like or just the entire movie in general ?
user2: I haven't seen it, I just have this info sheet.
user1: oh so you just dont like Leo is what you're saying, give it a shot you might just like it
user2: maybe I will, I see it has a good score
user1: i have heard good things abou tit
user2: have you seen it?
user1: i havent but its on my watchlist
user1: i don't mind leo hes ok 
user2: Do you like biographical crime films in general?
user1: no i like documentaries and fantasy
user2: I usually like those too genres, but I do like the idea of the plot in this film.
user1: when you're bored one day just watch it or skim it
user2: It's a period piece from 1960's New York, that sounds interesting to see portrayed
user1: that was an interesting time in ny history
user2: It's a Spielberg film, do you usually like his films?
user1: i actually do but i like his older stuff much better
user2: I agree with you there.
user1: whats the last movie you watched
user2: The original Psycho, of all things. You?
user1: Black Panter
user2: Nice, I intend to go see it sometime soon.
user1: it was pretty good, on par with the other marvel stuff
user2: nice, I've only heard good things so far
user1: a lot of that is hype as well
user1: It was nice chatting
user2: You too, thanks

conversation:
user2: hi !
user1: hello!
user2: whats up
user1: not too much you?
user2: have u watched catch me if u can?
user1: yes. it's a very good movie. Have you seen the movie?
user2: not really 
user2: but i might this weekend
user2: leonardo di caprio is in it..
user1: You should. Its a good movie. Rotten tomato rating is 96%
user1: Tom hanks is also in it
user1: as well as Amy adams
user2: oh i love tom hanks 
user2: he is an amazing actor 
user2: and is biographical
user2: this must be good steven spielberg is the director
user1: Yes he did a good job directing the biographical of Frank Abagnale Jr coning his way up to an airline pilot
user2: whats is ur favorite part of the movie?
user1: how the FBI catches him and then has Frank work for the FBI to help catch other check forgers
user2: such young age to start in crime behavior 
user2: what about christopher walken ? who is he in the movie ?
user1: He is Leonardo's character's father
user2: oh ok 
user1: Do you like to watch movies the critics give high remarks to?
user2: yes i do 
user2: this one didnt get my attention before 
user2: but seeing tom hanks is in it i might watch it 
user1: Well this movies has great ratings from Rotten Tomato, Metacritic score, and CinemaScore
user2: i dont really care much for leo di caprio 
user1: do you like crime movies?
user2: i love them ]
user2: most of all thrillers 
user1: I like this one because its based on true story and I find it interesting that his crimes effect how we do banking today
user2: yes the fact that this happened 
user2: gets my total attention
user2: the movie is 140 mins huh
user2: a little too long for my taste 
user2: but if its good then its fine
user1: its a fast pace movie keeps you entertained the whole time
user1: the final scenes are a little dragged out
user2: oh hmm i read not such a good critics about it 
user2: but ill give it a try
user1: I feel bad for Frank Jr when he finds out that his father died while in jail. When that happens he almost starts his check fraud again 
user2: oh ok 
user2: hey do u think we should end the chat its about to be 15 mins
user1: Sure 
user2: ok well nice meeting u
user2: have a geat day
user1: Nice talking to you 

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: hello. You should really check out the movie Catch Me If You Can, if you get a chance.
user1: what is it about?
user2: Its about a con man who successfully cons millions of dollars by posing as an airline pilot
user2: Leonardo dicaprio plays the lead, Frank Abagnale who is the con man.
user1: wow, an airline pilot conning people.  sounds interesting
user1: I've seen a couple of movies with Leonardo in them.  I believe Titanic was his most famous one.
user2: Catch me if you can got decent reviews too. Cinema score was A- and metacritic 76/100
user1: Sounds like a pretty good movie
user2: the cast is pretty good too. Tom Hanks and Christopher Walken are also in it.
user1: Do you prefer movies involving con men and lots of money?
user1: This sounds like the type of movie that Tom Hanks would be in
user2: I like movies that involve crime like this one.
user1: I like crime movies, especially if they involve action and have a strong plot
user2: This one's plot is pretty intricate. it shows how Frank Abagnale gets invlolved in cons after he runs out of money as a way to get by initially. but eventually his cons keep increasing...
user1: lack of money is always a strong motive for crime
user2: He ends up forging checks with such frequency that he is successful in stealing over $2.8 million from Pan Am payroll

conversation:
user2: so have you seen this movie before
user1: I have not seen this movie but I love biographies! How do you feel about them?
user2: I lovee them too because its real life things
user2: the movie is great because it is based on a real guy who portrayed an airplane pilot a surgeon wrote bad checks all over well made the checks i should say
user1: The cast of Leonardo Dicaprio , Tom Hanks  and Christopher Walken are sure to make the movie a hit! 
user2: oh definitely they are amaing actors leonardo portrayed frank abagnale perfectly
user1: It appears that the ratings were pretty good as far as movies go, but a little lower than I would expect considering the cast. Maybe it's because it was a crime movie. 
user2: the real frank started working for the fbi instead of going to jail he started helping them find check fraud checks people make themselves
user2: maybe its because people dont know what a good movie is
user1: And of course...being Directed by Steven Spielberg ...makes me lean towards the "gotta see it" side. 
user1: The Title of "catch me if you can" is intriguing. 
user2: oh yeah one of the best directors of all time he makes amazing movies and this is one of them
user1: I'm in awe of the fact that he was able to steal over 2 million dollars by pretending to be other people!~
user1: That is some serious, albeit scary, skill!
user2: yeah at at the age of 16 i believe he did all that very smart to be able to do everything he did and get away with it for so long
user2: he wastrying to not be like his parents losing there house he acted as a teacher at the age of 16 and he pulled it off
user2: and like it says when he ran out of money he became someone else and scams people
user2: very smart for being so young
user1: It appears that his bakground had something to do with spurring him on to be a con. He comes from a broken home. PArents divorced...mother committed adultery , father in trouble with IRS forcing them to get a smaller home. 
user2: and like you said getting 2.8 million at that young age is amazing
user1: It's almost like he was taking control where he had none before and making sure he never had the financial torubles his fgamily had....well...for awhile at least. 
user2: oh yeah and he just didnt want to live that way so he ran away and pursued adult jobs
user2: so he finally gets caught after running so long and doing so many different jobs pilot,surgeon,teacher.and when he gets out his pops dies and he is so hurt by it
user1: He misses the thrill of the chase....and almost messes up again...but thinks better of it and begins working for the FBI to help catch other bank frauds. 
user2: when he is told hiss dad died by the detective who was bringing him back to he states to go to jail he escapes out the toilet from the airplane so he could go to his old home and see
user1: Yeah! He then finds his mother with the man she left his father for....
user1: Do you generally watch movies with A- ratings?
user2: yeah and like you said tells the detective he has a fraudelent check and the setective has him start working for he fbi and as he starts like you said he starts thinking maybe i should run
user2: but he gets his head back on and decides to come back and continue working with fbi fraud
user1: I really love hearing how it all ended. 
user1: Happily married for 26 years!
user2: so after all that exciting stuff that has happened to him it all ended good for him getting married
user2: 3 kids living very happy and is a millionare like he always wanted to be
user1: And this time...earning it in a reputable way! 
user1: Which actor would most likely make you want to see this film?>
user2: leonardo dicaprio
user2: because he was the main character and i have always liked his acting you?
user1: I would have to say the same, although the combination of he and Tom Hanks DEFINITELY sparks my interest. 
user2: well i give it a thumbs up and would like to here more about the real guy who did it
user1: Yes. I'll probably go research him on google now. 
user2: you have to see it it was a great mopvie def worth your time they did a great job on the movie
user2: and portraying the real guy
user1: I look forward to seeing it!!
user2: and like it said he has caught some of the worlds most elusive money forgers so thats awesom
user2: yeah def see it great movie thank you for the chat i think this is about all we can say
user1: It's kind of scary to think that there are actually that cunning of men out there though...if there is one, there has to be many more!

conversation:
user2: HI
user1: Hi there
user2: I want to share impressions from a good movie with you,if you like
user2: The movie is Catch me if you can,have you watch it 
user1: I have only seen bits and pieces of it, but I am familiar with the true story that it is based on
user1: I have been meaning to watch the movie, though
user2: Yes and it is amazing story and the movie is something special
user1: What did you like about it?
user2: Leonardo Di Caprio is playing Frank Abagnale,Jr. the main character in the movie
user2: and he did amazing job
user2: the movie has one reality line that touch all of our life's 
user2: ups and downs
user1: He is pretty good in all of his films... What was your opinion on Tom Hanks in the movie?
user2: Tom is great ,he gives touch of serious in the movie ,he bring that drama moment 
user1: I see... I am a fan of his movies
user2: me too
user1: I think it is pretty interesting how this guy was able to pull off all of the scamming that he did
user2: yes he pretty good
user2: he was 
user1: 2.8 million in those day was a LOT of money
user2: cons worth millions of dollars 
user2: and FBI was slow in those days
user1: Well, yes, it was definitely a different time
user2: btw the movie have great production,the best movie in 2002 
user2: great reviews 
user2: rotten tomatoes 96%
user1: Wow, those really are good numbers
user2: 140 min  worth spending
user1: I will definitely need to check this one out
user2: you will not regret it 
user1: Funny how this story ends up, he is now a legitimate businessman using his skills as a conman to catch others
user2: Steven Spielberg put a lot of tension in that part
user1: Agreed
user2: he is master of drama tensions
user1: Great director
user2: one of the best

conversation:
user2: Hey
user2: Whadup?
user1: Hi 
user1: Do you want to chat about movies ?
user2: Sure
user2: Have any suggestions?
user1: Well - I have one that I think is only so-so
user1: It's called Catch Me If You Can
user2: Oh
user2: actually nice movie
user2: How did you like it?
user1: It's stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hanks, Christopher Walken, etc. Directed by Steven Spielberg 
user1: It's so-so, a time piece movie, set in the 60's 
user2: Aham, I think I remember a poster of the movie. Young Leo, running away from cop Hanks, right?
user2: Why so-so?
user2: Was it boring?
user1: I think so, but I'm not that sure
user1: It's kind of exciting. Leo plays a con-artist that learns very early on who to pose as other people 
user2: ok, that sounds cool.
user2: And Hanks?
user1: he started early in high school and then does confidence game type scams, eventually forging Pan Am checks  
user1: Yes, he shows up in the middle of the movie I think
user2: What is he playing?
user1: sorry abotu that! 
user2: About what?
user1: Hank is playing Carl Hanratty and FBI agent
user1: forgetting to mention Hanks' character 
user2: ah, don't mention it
user2: If we are enumerating all the roles, what is Walken playing
user2: ?
user1: Yeah, but in the end, after leo's character turns himself in, him and hanks character become friends
user1: he plays leo's dad, but dies earlier in the film
user1: It's seems like an interesting movie now that I'm looking at the details again
user2: aham, how come that leo's character turns himself in?
user1: It's something i may have to watch 
user1: I think he turns himself in because he's in love and tired of running
user1: When did you last see the film? 
user1: It may be worth checking out again! 
user2: Pretty nice presentation
user2: A long time ago
user2: I might check it out again
user2: Thank you very much
user1: You're welcome

conversation:
user1: Hello have you seen the movie catch me if you can?
user2: No, I haven't. What is it about? 
user1: A guy named frank abagnale who starts his life as a con man.
user2: How does he con people? 
user1: He starts out impersonating a pan am pilot, as a way to pass fake checks
user2: Interesting! What is the point of being a pan am pilot? How does that help him? 
user1: It adds to his "legitamacy" in appearance, in order to get fake documents. Pilots are always in different citys so people dont know most pilots by rewcognition. it is also a way for him to move to different citys to try different banks
user2: Smart. Does he have a family? 
user1: the main cahracter is played by leonardo decaprio
user1: he leaves his family in his teens and starts his scams 
user1: eventually he gets caught by the fbi, who later offer him a job catching other check fogers
user2: How long does he run from the FBI? 
user1: im not sure, I think about a decade. he is eventually caught in france with a bunch of comercial printing press equipment
user2: Does he live a normal life after the FBI catch him? 
user1: he also impersonates a doctor and a lawyer along the way
user2: He impersonates a Dr without any medical training? 
user1: It was a highly rated biography
user2: It's a true story? 
user1: surprisingly yes
user2: Crazy. 
user2: It sounds good. 
user1: He basically does everything by foging documents
user2: So he's a good candidate for a job with the FBI catching forgers. 
user1: Yes deffinatly, he did prison time, then they gave him a job with limited authority
user2: That's pretty neat. That he was able to turn his life around. 
user1: He still is a security consultant to this day
user2: He's still alive? 
user1: I think it shows what people can do out of desperation and if they are given opportunity
user2: It sounds like it. 
user2: Sounds like a movie I'd like. Or a book. I read more
user2: Is there a book? 
user1: he left his parents due to various problems
user1: I belive it is a book as well, im not sure though. the movie is directed by speilberg so it is weel done. the main fbi agent trying to catch him is played by tom hanks

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi
user2: How did you like the movie?
user1: I thought it was fascinating how this man conned everyone.
user2: I thought it was pretty great. It had a strong cast and it's crazy to see how he conned everyone yet did it lightly and gracefully without getting too serious. That shows real skill.
user2: It got a little slow towards the end though so it was hard to finish.
user1: It was also interesting how young he was when he started and how he turned his life around working for the FBI in the end. It was really entertaining to watch.
user1: I thought it was one of the funniest movies I've seen in quite a while.
user1: Did you find it funny?
user2: It's crazy to think that young people could have that kind of potential to take that money and not only not end up in prison but come out on the other side with a job. Leo DiCaprio was definitely the man for the job.
user2: Yeah, I thought it was hilarious
user1: Yes, I agree it was amazing how Frank turned his life around.
user2: Totally unexpected. I thought it was gonna be a serious action/thriller on-the-edge-of-your-seat type but the humor really kept the tension down
user1: Did you find his family dynamic interesting and how it pushed him down this road?
user2: Definitely. Family and upbringing had an incredible effect on his life choices. I bet his students thought he was a normal guy.
user2: A man will do anything to help his family. He just kept rolling with it and did incredible things.
user1: He was amazingly brilliant to pull all this off practically undetected for so long. I can only imagine what else he would have been capable of if he was never caught.
user1: Do you think it was an accurate biographical description of the events of his life?
user2: If I were him, I would have stopped while I was ahead. He might have done the same had he not been caught.
user2: I don't know much about his biographical life but I'm sure they nailed it.
user2: Wasn't it crazy how he escaped from the plane to get home?
user1: It sounds like Carl was a real life saver for Frank. He would probably still be in jail if it wasn't for him.
user1: Yes, he was amazingly clever and confident.
user2: He really cares about his family. Imagine doing all that to find out you have a half sister
user1: Carl was very trusting of Frank, he seemed like a father type role model for him which is what it seems like he needed.
user1: Yes his family dynamic was quite crazy. It is not surprising that it pushed him to do what he did.
user1: He was fortunate to have someone who saw the good in him and gave him a chance at a different life.
user2: We all need a role model. His definitely led him in the right direction despite the mistakes he had made.
user1: It's nice that the real life story had a happy ending. 
user2: The ending is so sweet. Seeing that he came out on top making millions with a loving family is something we can all dream of.
user1: He ended up using his skills for good and it's touching to see that he still kept in touch with Carl.
user1: Yes, I think we would all hope for someone to see the good in us like that.
user2: Also making millions would be pretty cool. I bet he's awful happy. His life could have been in the gutter had it not been for carl.
user1: Yes, he would have spent his life in prison otherwise.
user1: And thanks to his work, we have unforgeable checks. That is pretty amazing.
user2: I love that they casted Tom Hanks. He nailed the loving friend who only wants the best for his friend. 
user1: Yes, he's a great actor and he really can portray sincerity.

conversation:
user1: okay!
user2: Steven Spielberg did an excellent job directing this movie.
user1: catch me if you can is a unique movie
user2: I agree. The actors are pretty amazing too.
user1: yes he did i thik one of his best
user1: tom hanks,leo,amy adams always a good flick to watch
user2: Absolutely. I would watch this movie again!
user1: what is some parts that you like?
user1: Me i like when he pretends to be an airline pilot
user2: Well, mostly the thrill when he would always get away and not get caught.
user1: yes absolutley.This is a true strory as well
user2: Oh and the part where he pretended to be a doctor!
user1: yeah when he meets amy adams and the kid comes in with a broken leg.
user1: Funny because the FBI later on gives him a job with them 
user1: many people probably went to see this in the movies
user2: When their family started facing difficulties was when he saw an opportunity to be a scammer
user1: they found out where he was and he ditched out the window
user2: I would think that many others also watched and liked this movie cuz it's really worth watching
user2: Wow and he was just 19 when he started being a con artist
user2: He has confidence thats for sure
user1: the performance of tom hanks was also good .Don't you think so?
user2: Absolutely! I mean who doesn't like Tom Hanks? But in this particular movie he definitely did a good job.
user1: His mother was screwing around with his fathers friend at the beginning of the movie
user1: i did not like that part so much
user2: Yup. I like the part where Carl and Frank created a bond in the end and became friends
user2: Yep I don't like cheaters as well
user1: do you agree with the rating
user1: yes i think hanratty understood him
user2: I guess Carl was impressed by how good he is that he wanted Frank to work with him
user1: its cinema score recieved an A
user1: this HIT is very long?
user1: his crime was check fraud
user2: LOL I think we're almost done :) Well he ended up with a family and still friends with Carl, so pretty good ending. I wonder if all of it's actually based on what really happened in real life

conversation:
user1: Hi friend!
user1: Have you seen the movie, Catch me if you can?
user2: Hi how are you friend?  I’m just finishing watching a great movie!
user2: I have!  Just saw it, how about you?
user1: I really enjoyed this movie. I think Leonardo DiCaprio is generally a great actor, but I find he gets even better with age.
user1: I really enjoy the other actors too, Tom Hanks is insanely talented. Christopher Walken, Nathalie Baye and Amy Adams. 

conversation:
user1: Do you like Leonardo DiCaprio?
user2: I do!
user2: Is he in the movie?
user1: Yeah; he starred in Titanic, and he was also in this one - Catch Me If You Can.
user1: Have you seen that one?
user2: Awesome! Who else is in it?
user2: I have not. Tell me more about it.
user2: Hi! You still there?
user1: It also has Tom Hanks and Christopher Walken.
user1: Basically, Leo is like a con man!
user2: Oh wow that's a great cast.
user1: Its based on a true story too.
user2: That sounds interesting.
user2: Who is it based on?
user1: A young man named Frank Abagnale who had already pulled of several heists before he was even ninteen.
user2: What kinds of heists/cons?
user1: He pretends to be a PILOT!
user2: This was definitely before 911 and TSA then, haha.
user2: Does he actually fly the plane?
user2: Or just says he's a pilot to get women?
user1: o
user1: Oh, without a doubt.
user1: It was way back in the 60s.
user1: But, I think he does actually fly the plane too.
user2: That's wild. What other trouble does he get into?
user1: He started working for the FBI.
user2: But he wasn't really an agent?
user1: No, they actually hired him to like, prevent crooks.
user2: really?
user2: What other cons did he do?
user1: Creates checks that total nearly 3 million bucks.
user2: He was a total scammer. What role does Tom Hanks play in the movie?
user1: He's the best friend who was the FBI agent who caught Leo.
user2: Oh really?
user2: That sounds like a great movie.

conversation:
user1: Have you seen Catch Me If You Can, with Leonardo Dicaprio?
user2: Yes several times. What do you think about Christopher Walkens roll
user1: Walken's role as Leo's father seemed very supportive. 
user2: He was. I liked that this was based on real events, Its wild how it all happened.
user1: Only back in those days could that have happened.
user2: True. Its kind of a cinderella story of sorts. First leos character ended up in Jail then was asked by FBI to help with their cases. 
user1: Check fraud being his major crime, and the reason why we have so many laws and restrictions in place now. 
user2: Yes, which is very good from the movie its seemed too easy. But its probably because the way they filmed it. 
user1: More or less, it never took the story overtly serious. 
user2: Right, in a way its good because it keeps the interest of many different audiences. I am glad that security is so much better now because the way he was able to get away with being a doctor was scary, glad its not that easy now.
user2: What do you think about Frank Jr. mom?
user1: It's been so long since I've seen the movie, it's hard to remember her. 
user2: She was french but because the family fell on hard times she started an affair with one of Frank Sr. friends. 
user1: Wow, I vaguely remember that. Doesn't seem to classy. 
user2: Nope and she left him.
user1: I should hope so, if he hadn't already left her. 
user1: How do you think he managed to fake being a pilot once he got to the cockpit? Did he ever learn to really fly?
user2: From what i can remember i believe he was a very smart kid and he read up about it. But even in doing that, i cant remember if he was the actual pilot or just the co-pilot.
user1: Insane that he banked over two million dollars from Pan Am alone, in fraudulent checks. 
user2: Yes. The sad part about the whole ordeal is that because he was running from the FBI he was not around when his father passed away. 
user2: He was told about it after he was out of prison. After he found that out he tried escaping again, only to find that his mom was living in his child hood home with the guy she cheated with.
user2: What do you think about Frank being visited by Carl visits him while he in Jail?
user2: I have to say that through the entire movie I was rooting for the "bad guy" the movie in my opinion was great.
user2: What do you think about the rating of the movie?

conversation:
user2: Hi?
user1: Hey there, feeling a good movie to watch?
user2: Lol sure, any movie you would like to recommend?
user1: You a fan of Tom Hanks or Leo
user1: ?
user2: Yes I am especially Tom Hanks, one of the best lol.
user1: Catch me if you can, have you watch that movie before?
user2: Ohh that I havent watched before, when was that released again?
user1: It was back in 2002, not one of Spielbergs biggest movie but its a watchable one.
user2: I see, tell me more about it, might watch it later tonight.
user1: Sure, its about a biographical crime film from Spielberg based on Frank Abagnale, a con artist if you will.
user2: Sounds interesting, I dont know anything about the guy though lol.
user1: Frank Abagnale successfully performed cons worth millions of dollars posing as a Pan American World Airways pilot, A Georgia doctor and a Louisiana prosecutor.
user2: Interesting, so is he played by Tom Hanks?
user1: Frank is played by Leo.
user2: Ahh gotcha.
user1: Tom Hanks plays the part as Carl Hanratty.
user2: Ok cool.
user2: Whats the review or the rating of the movie again?
user1: average score of 7.9/10 and a Rotten Tomatoes score of 96%.
user2: Impressive, well its Spielberg lol.
user1: Pretty much a guy who always delivers, one of the greats of our time lol.
user2: Right right haha.
user2: Any important scene that would make me want to watch the movie? no spoilers lol.
user1: Well the last part of the movie, I wont give you the details but it is a pretty satisfying scene wherein it covers some speculations you might have while you watch the movie, its pretty good really.
user2: Interesting.
user2: I love movies that makes you think.
user1: Yeah, it simple covers the important factors.
user2: Factors meaning plotholes???
user1: Hahahaha you got me.

conversation:
user2: Hi, 
user2: How long ago did you see this movie?
user2: I say this movie many years ago.  
user2: saw not say
user2: I like both Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks as actors
user1: I saw this movie long ago as well
user1: I thought it was fabulous
user1: I cannot believe that this is a biographical crime film. It is crazy to think these things actually happened in real life
user1: and that we was a teenager

conversation:
user2: Did I just talk to you, perhaps? I clicked on a button on my computer and was directed to another screen.
user2: It was an accident, nothing to do with this HIT.
user1: its okay
user2: Was it you?
user1: no you are the first person i've talked to
user1: did you watch a movie?
user2: Yes! I just wanted to say that Tom Hanks is about the best actor out there, and that DiCaprio is amazing too. This movie is just one example of how he really turns into his character.
user2: DiCaprio, mainly, I mean.
user1: what was the name of the movie?
user2: It is Catch Me If You Can. A brilliant piece directed by Steven Spielberg and with a cast headed by Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks.
user1: It sounds like a solid cast, what is the movie about?
user2: Well, DiCaprio's character is named Frank Abagnale. He is a master impersonator. By age 19, he had pulled major con jobs worth millions of dollars by impersonating people. He mainly used the impersonations for check fraud.
user1: what is tom hanks character like?
user2: Well, I mostly want to talk at this point about Frank Abagnale. But Tom Hanks plays Carl Hanratty. We'll get back to him later. To appreciate him, you'd have to know about the roles that Frank Abagnale took on.
user1: What was Frank trying to accomplish?
user2: He wanted to make $$$$!!!  He originally needed it because he had run away from home. His parents had come into financial problems because of his father's tax problems and they had moved from their posh home to a small apartment. They had then filed for divorce. His mom had been carrying on with his father's friend anyway. He started by impersonating a subsititute teacher in his French class, and then after a series of impersonations, "became" an airplane pilot and forged payroll checks.
user2: Do you care to know the amount he stole?
user1: yes i am curious about how much he was able to take
user2: Over $ 2.8 million! He is so good at forging checks that, after he is caught, he winds up getting a job with the FBI in the bank fraud department! That is where Tom Hanks' character comes in. 
user1: how did he get caught?
user2: It is really quick moving and I would have to see it again (which I definitely plan to) to be able to explain that. 
user1: So frank became a good guy?
user2: Not possible for him! Nope!  The con games and excitement are too appealing to him. Even while working for the FBI, he attempts to fly an airplane as a pilot. But Carl (Hanks) catches him and convinces him to come back to his job. By the way, he is still under a sentence for his earlier shenanigans at the time. He was working for the FBI under a deal that Carl worked out for him. 
user2: This is a biography. Frank was real!
user1: Who was the bad guy in the movie?
user2: That is the interesting thing. He is so good at what he does, so smooth, so ingenious, that you find yourself kind of rooting for him. 
user2: He is the bad guy and the good guy at the same time!
user1: So frank is an anti hero?
user2: Yes! I guess that's the word. The use of humor helps make him someone you relate to, even if you would never consider doing any of the tricks he did.
user1: Sounds like a very interesting guy!
user2: You kind of nod to yourself each time he starts something new and think, "Oh, there he goes again."
user1: was frank your favorite character?
user2: Absolutely!  But the ending credits tell that he has managed to stay happily married for 26 years, have three sons and stay friends with Carl. And, ironically, he earns millions every year by designing checks that cannot be forged!

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: hi have you seen this movie before
user1: Yes a long time ago. I remember liking it
user1: have you seen it ?
user2: honestly almost any movie produced by spielbnerg is a+
user2: and yes a while back
user2: quite an old movie though
user2: i dont remember much about the movie though haha
user1: This one is a little lower (a-), the critics seem to like it but the users (7.9/10) not as much
user2: true, but it is also not a major Spielberg film,
user1: I agree whit the critics, and you about not a Spielberg film to remember. 
user1: But it was funny, Tom Hanks was good in it
user2: Do you like this grene of movies?
user2: engre
user2: genre
user1: Yes, biographical films are more captivating, for me.
user1: How do you like the introduction ?
user2: yes very much. i like the way it was layed out 
user2: i also liked the part where frank started posting at a substitute teacher in his french class
user2: as a*
user1: I liked that par too, it shows that he was like that all along. It frames the rest of the film.
user2: i didn't like the part where carl had to inform frank that his father died. it was quite sad actually.
user2: what did you like and dislike? 
user1: It was sad,  but necessary to advance the film.
user1: I liked the fact that Frank changed and helped the FBI, and also when he returned to work on Monday.
user1: Did you find that part realistic ?
user2: Yes I found it realistic i found it pretty necessary due to his role in the film
user1: He could have left the FBI and continue as a conman.
user2: did you find it realistic when he went back as an airline pilot?
user2: did you expect frank to be marrried for 26 yrs?
user1: I thought that airlines would be more careful after he was caught. 
user1: It is plausible, I think he wanted to change and not go back as a conman. That's why he returned to the FBI.  
user1: I think there was a genuine desire to change in him.
user2: Do you think him returning to the fbi and stop the con life is what made him form a healthy family?
user2: I feel like it did. It made sure that he would never get in trouble 
user2: aka not be there for his family 
user1: I think it a more to do from his will to be a better man. He lost his father, gained a half-sister that changed him.
user1: That why he gave himself up.
user2: yeah and he did end up doing very well in the fbi as well such as earning millions cause of work creating unforgable checks
user1: I think he saw his con abilities more as the cause of his problems than the solution.
user1: It took some time to put them to good use.
user2: i feel like it made him a better man. it made him understand the good and the bad
user1: Yeah, a classic happy ending, which was a little surprising given the premise of the movie. 
user1: I did not expect him to be a millionair in the end
user2: what would you rate the movie out of 10?
user2:  and would you recommend it?
user2: i give it a solid 7/10. would probably be a movie id recommend 
user1: I think it is an 8/10, a great movie to pass time in a airplane. But not a movie that will make you think.
user1: and you ?
user2: 7/10. good movie to recommend on a boring day!

conversation:
user1: Good Morning
user2: hello
user2: may I know what is the title of the movie?
user2: the task did not gave it 
user1: Catch me if you Can
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: ohhh.. I think I did but i just cant remembe
user2: may I know whos are the actors?
user1: It has a young Leonardo Dicaprio who is a Young forgery and being chased by Tom Hanks who is the FBI Agent
user2: what is the genre also thanks..
user1: Christopher Walken is Leo dad 
user2: ahh yes yes I remember it but not quit all.. ahaha
user1: Leo is Frank Abignail Jr. He becomes a crook by making checks 
user2: what is the story about can you tell me a little bit 
user1: Leo runs away from home and needs money. He poses as a Pilot, Lawyer, etc.
user2: aahh yes yes leonardo is very good in making fake check in the story??
user1: He makes fakes checks and gets money, and flys around the world
user1: Tom Hanks chases him throughout the movie 
user1: Tom Hanks eventually catches him and throws him in prison

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hi! That was a great movie wasn't it?
user2: yes it was
user2: i love spielberg movies
user1: The actors did great as well
user2: yes who's your favoorite
user1: Leonardo was mine. How about yours?
user2: i would say tom hanks
user1: Do you think it was morally wrong what he did, check fraud?
user2: i would say so
user2: how about yourself
user1: I thought so too. Do you think the movie lived up to the ratings?
user2: it's hard to say
user2: what did you like from the first key scene
user1: The acting and writing was great in that scene. 
user2: yes i like how he was a fake teacher
user1: I felt bad for him though when his parents divorced 
user2: yes
user2: he stole a lot of money lol
user1: Yea, even though it was wrong he was really smart and clever in his ways
user2: yep what about the second key scene
user1: I enjoyed the part where the FBI offers him a job
user2: yes it was a good scene
user1: It felt too good to be true to just end there though
user2: yes it does seems that way
user2: hopefully theres more
user1: yes 
user1: I was happy to see him keep the job and not go back to the criminal lifestyle
user2: yes that was cool
user2: but he still forges checks
user2: so i guess some things don't change
user1: yea, it was a good scene
user2: it was a good movie but not great
user1: yea i agree, not one of my favorites but still good
user2: yep thanks and have a good day
user1: you too

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Do you like movies of this kind? Crime biographic?
user2: Yes, I like this genre.
user1: Me too ... I am a fan of Leonardo DiCaprio
user2: Did you see Catch me If you Can
user1: Yes! I actually did ... though not in the theatre ... I rented it
user2: Spielberg outdid himself
user2: Which scene did you enjoy?
user2: Hello?
user2: Are you there?
user1: Several ... I particularly liked when the FBI (Tom Hanks) reached out for his help
user2: Me too. It was a good scene
user2: Do you agree with the rating?
user1: Yes ... for once the "critics" got it right
user2: Yes
user2: Tom Hanks was also good.
user1: Funny thing is / few people use checks much anymore
user2: Do you generally watch movies with good rating?
user1: I am not a fan of Hanks but he did his role quite well
user1: I usually don't care about the critics rating... how about you?
user2: I sometimes pay attention to the rating...
user2: I like the setting in the beginning - New Rochelle NY
user1: I felt bad that Frank missed the thrill of check kiting ...
user1: Agreed about the setting ... I love NY
user2: Christopher Walken was also good
user1: Do you remember the name of his half-sister?
user2: No
user1: True about Walken
user2: What was it?
user1: I think it was Jean
user2: This movie was autobiographical?
user1: I believe it was based on facts, yes
user1: Did you like Amy Adams?
user2: Yes, she was good!
user2: Unforgeable checks - interesting twist
user1: There were others in the cast but I am at a loss
user2: I don't remember others either...

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi. The movie is "Catch me if you can". It is the story of Frank  Abagnale Jr and his life of cons. He made millions of dollars posing as a pilot, doctor, prosecutor. It's a good story overall
user2: So you recommend this?
user1: I do. 
user1: It's funny and not too serious..
user2: When did this come out?
user1: 2002
user2: Not bad at all. 
user2: what are the leading actors?
user1: Leonardo Dicaprio, Tom Hanks, Christopher Walken, Amy Adams
user2: Leonardo Dicaprio and Tom Hanks are great!
user2: How did they perform? 
user1: The movie details his life in New York with his father who was turned down for a loan as a result of issues with the IRS. This appears to be where Frank's life of cons begins The movie itself was given a rating of 96%.
user2: That sounds really damn good. 
user2: Was there ever a followup?
user1: I don't believe so
user2: Did it win any awards?
user1: I can't say for sure
user2: I will have to look into this. 
user2: Seems like a really good movie. 
user2: I love the two actors 
user1: The story has some sad moments as well with his father dying. there are a few good plot twists as well.
user1: I think it is a good movie. It is long but action packed
user2: In the movie, did he ever get caught/
user1: Yes but there's a plot twist
user2: Did he end up in jail?
user1: Yes and no 
user2: I am very curious about this movie now
user2: Leonardo always sells his roles very well. 
user1: He does. Both he and Tom
user1: They chose a great list of actors for this film
user2: Seriously sounds like it 
user2: Sounds like it had some deep meaning maybe 
user1: Indeed

conversation:
user1: Did you like the movie?
user2: Hi! Have you seen Catch Me If You Can?
user1: Yes.
user1: Did you like it?
user2: Well that makes this interesting since I'm supposed to convince you to go see it!
user1: Oh. Well what happened in it? Remind me.
user2: I have. I liked it far more than I expected. I have got to give him credit - when I first saw Leonardo di Caprio in Lord of the Rings, I really thought he was just another pretty face that we would probably never see again. Instead he has matured into a really fine actor that does justice to all of his roles I've seen so far.
user1: I agree. But what role did he play in Catch Me If You Can?
user2: Catch Me If You Can is a movie about the life of Frank Abagnale who was a famous can man who conned millions by impersonating different people.
user2: di Caprio plays the role of Frank. 
user1: Was this a action flick?
user2: There is action in it, and adventure.
user1: Tell me about the adventure.
user2: It starts with Frank living in New Rochelle, New York as a teen. His father tries to get a loan but fails because of some kind of IRS problem so they end up in a little apartment. His parents divorce and Frank runs away. Of course, he runs out of money and starts doing scams.
user1: Oh. This reminds me of another adventure movie.
user2: So it isn't the chase scene, shoot-em-up, the action never stops kind of action film, but there are some bits of action. Mainly it is humorous.
user2: What movie were you thinking of? 
user1: So he's not really a bad guy in the movie?
user1: I can't remember the name, but the young son left home because of his dad's money problems and began robbing banks.
user2: He is, but well - you know Americans have a love affair with the "loveable rogue" kind of bad guy. They don't really hurt anyone - they rarely have killed anybody - but they get by on their wits and smarts and street smarts and make the big money guys look bad. Well, Frank certainly did that.
user1: The movie I remember was sad. Was the movie you're talking about sad too?
user2: I found the ending kind of sad. The detective finally catches up with Frank and Frank tries everything to talk his way out of it, but ends up pretty much giving himself up.
user1: Oh. But didn't it have another ending?
user2: The movie you're talking about sounds like one of the Bonnie and Clyde movies - and those are all sad because, of course, they were killed in the end :(
user1: So, what did you say happened in the end of Catch Me If You Can?
user1: I think I remember it was based on a true story, wasn't it?
user2: After Frank goes to jail, when he gets out  he settles down, gets married, has kids, and helps Carl - the detective, catch some of the world's most elusive money forgers
user2: Yes, it is based on the life of Frank Abagnale
user2: He also ends up being a millionaire because of his work on making unforgable checks.
user1: Really. 
user1: Didn't he end up working for the FBI or something like that?
user2: It makes me think of how now in modern days the government and security firms end up hiring the best hackers and paying them to make sure their systems are unhackable.
user2: I don't think he directly worked for them, maybe only as a consultant.
user1: In real life or in the movie? I thought he had an office.
user2: I don't actually know what the real life truth is. In this case I have actually only watched the movie. 
user1: Oh, okay.
user2: I think we can assume the Hollywood writers spiced it up for us a bit.
user1: Yes, of course. You want to wrap this conversation up?
user2: Sounds good. I hear my dinner is ready :D Thanks for the talk. Have a good day.

conversation:
user2: You should watch Catch Me if You Can. It is a great movie.
user1: Really? What makes it a great movie?
user2: It was given a 96% by Rotten Tomatoes 
user1: That's not bad. Who's in the movie?
user2: It also has some great actors like Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hanks and Christopher Walken.
user1: What's it about?
user2: It is based on the life of Frank Abagnale (Leonardo DiCaprio). Before he is 19, he performs all these cons worth millions of dollars by posing as a pilot, a doctor and a parish prosecutor.
user1: That sounds interesting. Is it more of a drama or an action movie?
user2: It is more of a comedy. It is funnier than about 90% of the comedies found in theatres today.
user1: Might check it out. What's the running time of the movie?
user2: It is 140 min long.
user1: Not too long, When'd it come out?
user2: It came out in 2002. The reason he starts all of this is because is parents fall on hard times. They lose their home and then get divorced. He runs away from home and runs out of money. That's when all the cons start.
user1: Sounds worth watching. I'll have to check it out.
user2: You really should. He steals over $2.8 million.
user2: You want more facts?
user1: So, I'm guessing there's some element of truth to the movie?
user2: There is. It is based on a true story. He is so good at it that the FBI actually comes to him to get help catch people that forge checks.
user1: Cool....Who directs the film?
user2: Steven Spielberg.
user2: He does get caught.
user1: Always a quality sign....Is it Amblin entertainment or did some other studio release it?
user2: Not completely sure.
user1: No worries. So is it a family friendly movie?
user2: It is.
user1: What's the film rated?
user2: I am not completely sure. 
user1: No worries....I'll have to keep an eye out for it next time it's showing somewhere.
user2: Yep. Frank winds up working for the FBI rather than do 12 years in prison. 
user1: I'm sold...Cool plot and you can never go wrong with a Tom Hanks film.
user2: I agree. 

conversation:
user2: Hi there
user2: This movie Catch me if you can was directed by Steven Spielberg
user2: I love his movies
user1: YES HE HAS MADE SOME GOD ONES
user2: I really think this movie deserves a good rating.
user1: WHEN THE FBI GETS ITS HANDS DIRTY
user2: On Rotten Tomatoes it received a score of 96%.
user1: 141 MINS AN LOT OF PLOT SHEME
user2: This film included Leonardo Dicaprio and Tom Hanks some of the best actors.
user1: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xas1UyTiVUw YOUTUBE LINK
user2: Leonardo played as Frank Abagnale a bad actor.
user2: And the film received an -A on Cinemascore. 
user1: ENDS LIKE AN WINDED TOROISE
user2: In scene 1, teenaged Frank lives in New York and he runs away and begins to scam his way out.
user1: OK THE YOUTUBE TRAILER IS BETTER THAN THE FILM
user2: He was able to steal over $2.8 million. Do you think this is too far fetched?
user2: I think film shows some possibilities. 
user2: I don't like the fact that Frank was actually a teenage. They should've made him a bit older. Seems kind of unreal. 

conversation:
user2: Hello?
user1: so this movie is called catch me if you can
user2: Oh cool I have seen that movie. I liked it.
user1: yeah, it seemed to get pretty good reviews on rotten tomatoes, and apparently steven spielberg directed it
user2: I didn't know Spielburg directed it. But it had Di Caprio in it doesnt it?
user2: And Tom Hanks
user1: yes, leonardo dicaprio is the star. the rest of the cast is rounded out by other A-listers like tom hanks, christopher walken, and martin sheen
user2: Martin Sheen was in it? I didn't know. I loved Leonardo, Tom, and Christopher
user1: yes, he had a supporting role. i forgot that dicaprio's character posed as a prosecutor as well
user2: I thought he was  genius. Was it based on a true story?
user1: yes, it's considered a biographical crime film. and apparently he was able to pull off his cons before he even hit his 19th birthday
user2: Wow. Thats amazing. So he really did work for the FBI at the end of his prison term?
user2: Helping them with check fraud?
user1: he did. in fact, he was able to steal over $2.8 million from pan am by forging payroll checks
user1: did you know his mother was french? 
user2: No, I didn't. Did she live in America?
user1: i'm not too sure, but she did have an affair with her husband's friend, jack. 
user2: Oh, noo, thats too bad. I saw she divorced her husband, and remarried, but didn't know it was to his friend Jack.
user1: yep, and to make it worse, frank returns back to his mothers house after being released from prison and escaping the plane to find that she married jack, and he has a half-sister
user2: I remember that. He looked through the window and saw the little girl. And she was just a toddler, and she touched the window, but didn't say anything. His mother didn't know he was outside. Sad.
user1: well luckily, after another bout in prison, carl was able to convince the FBI to bring frank on board because of his expertise in check fraud in exchange for reducing frank's sentence
user2: Yes, I thought that was clever. I am sure he was very helpful. 
user2: He was so young to be so clever.
user1: so much so that when frank tried to attempt to run off and pose as an airplane pilot again, carl talked him out of it. do you remember the part when carl was nervous that frank hadn't gotten to work yet?
user1: i thought he was going to run off again 
user2: Yes, but I sort of knew he would come back, because if he didn't he would go back to prison
user2: And this time they would have caught him easily. Just warn the airlines, since they saw his face.
user1: well luckily it all worked out for them, because frank wound up inventing unforgeable checks
user2: Ohh, now thats something I didn't know he did. I knew he worked for the FBI but didn't know he made unforgeable checks.
user2: Did he ever get married? I knew he had a girlfriend, but did he marry her?
user1: apparently he earns millions of dollars each year off of it and has helped to catch forgers all over the globe
user1: the credits at teh end of the movie said that he was happily married to his wife of 26 years and had 3 sons
user1: not sure who he wound up marrying but the credits also revealed that he and carl remain close friends
user2: Really? I was not sure. I know he had to run away from Carl, so I didn't know if he went back to the girlfriend, (or wife) or what. It was a good movie
user1: seems like his short crime stint wound up working out for him in the end
user2: Yes, lol. He did what most career criminals only dream to. He turned his knowledge of forgery into an asset. I think burglars do it to. They work for security companies.
user2: That was a good conversation
user1: i guess if you're so successful at knowing check fraud and the FBI needs your help, you can stand to make millions of dollars each year on the right side of the law haha
user2: hahaha

conversation:
user2: I love crime films
user1: American crime films?
user2: This looks like an awesome movie according to the ratings.
user1: which movie?
user2: all movies
user1: all crime movies?
user2: Leornado is agreat actor
user1: I recently saw American Gangster
user1: Are you talking about Wolf of Wall Street?
user2: All the great actors are in this movie
user1: Gangs of New York?
user2: Catch me if you can is a funny title though
user1: *Gangs of New York
user1: But its a cool movie
user2: Someone says it was slow at the end 
user1: I dont think it was particularly slow
user2: It must be a funny movie
user1: It is a comedy
user2: I haven't watched it. I just read the last review.
user1: Oh okay
user2: I assumed because it was a crime film, it would be more serious. I'm not a big fun of american comedy
user1: Me either
user2: I find it too obvious
user1: I usually watch Indian comedies
user1: I like American crime movies though
user2: Wow happily married for 25 years. 
user1: good for you!
user2: That's a long time
user1: quarter of a century
user2: Not me hahaha

conversation:
user2: Hi!  What did you think of "Catch Me If You Can?"
user1: Hello?

conversation:
user1: HI let me read the document
user2: Ok dude, go ahead
user1: It is about Catch me if you can
user2: Maybe you could just tell me the movie title
user2: 'catch me if you can?
user1: It is Catch me if you can, by Steven Spielberg and Leanardo DiCaprio pays in it
user1: did you see it?
user2: No I haven't seen it
user2: but I seem to like movies that feature Leonardo
user1: Critics liked it it has 96% on Rotten tomatoes
user1: the story is about a guy who is an expert scammer
user2: wow, that's a great ratings for rotten tomatoes to have given such ratings
user2: Scammer, like computer thief?
user1: He runs away after the divorce of his parents, and scams Pan Am, an airline, for over 2.8 millions
user1: It was in the 70s so not computer hacking
user2: who played the role of the scam please?
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio plays the expert scammer
user2: I would love to watch a movie where LD is the villain
user2: In fact when was this movie made?
user1: Eventually he gets caught, but escapes, but then he give himself to the police. 
user1: in 2002
user1: After that it gets interesting because he is working with the police.
user2: really
user2: It must have been that he has the brains
user1: Yeah he turns his life around becomes legit and earns more money making unforgeable checks.
user2: because only exceptional cons do turn cops
user1: A surprising happy ending
user2: which other movie star was cast in the movie?
user1: And the cop chasing him is Tom Hanks
user1: They have great chemistry
user2: You mean in the movie?
user1: In the movie, Tom is always chasing Leo, to the point it becomes some kind  of friendship
user2: what genre would you class the movie, 
user2: I understand your point quite well
user1: First of all it is a true story, then a crime comedy with a little of drama
user2: I do like action, thriller and any movie that doesn't dull my spirit
user2: do you think this movie belongs to that group
user1: It is smart and funny, it won't dull your spirit
user1: But it is not a thriller
user2: Well i guess you just recommended a movie 
user1: Well great conversation
user1: have a good day
user2: we would hang around soon and discuss about another movie

conversation:
user1: Hi
user1: So what is the name of the movie/ 
user2: catch me if you can
user1: Oh cool. 
user1: what do you know about the movie
user2: Leonardo depario is the main character
user1: Oh nice. h
user1: hes a good actor
user1: whats the movie about.?
user2: it's about a guy that is super smart and changes his identity 
user1: is it an action movie?
user2: no, it's a crime drama
user1: nice,sounds interesting.
user2: Leo eventually steals lots of money
user1: interesting sounds like a movie I would like.
user2: yeah, it's a really interesting movie
user1: do you know any other actors in the movie. ?    
user2: tom hanks is the FBI agent that tries to Cath him during the movie
user2: Christopher walken is Leo's dad 
user1: thats cool, I will have to check it out.
user1: How long is the movie.
user2: I think you should because Leo becomes a pilot, a doctor and other exciting characters
user1: Oh  nice.
user1: does he go to jail?
user2: movie is 140 mins
user1: thats a good length. 
user2: yeah, they finally catch him and he starts working for the FBI
user1: Interesting, sounds like a movie my son would like also. 
user1: Ill have to check it out
user2: yeah, also the director is Steven Spielberg and rotten tomatoes gave it 96%. so other people really liked this movie too
user1: oh , i love spielburg
user1: is it a true story.
user2: yes, it's a true story
user2: also, it's pretty funny. you get to see Leo traveling around the country. pretty exciting
user2: frank abgnale jr has three kids, married for 26 years and makes lots of money for the FBI because he's helping the FBI catch bad guys
user2: this is not a major film for Spielberg but it is so funny that you have to watch this movie

conversation:
user1: So did you enjoy watching someone spend money the good old fashion way with checks?!
user2: Ha ha 
user1: I thought his name was pretty interesting, Frank Abagnale...
user1: Leo was great, Tom Hanks (always great) so it was pretty enjoyable. I would agree with the 8/10 essentially. Definitely not a movie theatre movie but a bored on a Sunday-night at home movie.
user1: so what did you think?
user2: I really liked the acting by Leonardo DiCaprio. 
user1: I am a Tom Hanks-obbo
user2: I agree it's not a blockbuster film, but it's very watchable
user1: love him
user2: Do you like the biographical movie genre?
user1: I do, I am a huge history buff
user1: it is nice when they stick to sort-of historically accurate
user2: I hadn't realized it's a movie from 2012. I sort of remember when it came out.
user2: Doesn't seem like that long ago, but it's been like six years
user1: The IRS caused him to become a criminal, huh... usually it goes the other way!
user1: Oh, it says 2002 
user1: so like 16 years ago
user1: haha
user2: 2002 like 16 sorry
user2: It's a small script
user1: no problem, I was like, wait... was it just that short of a time ago?
user1: I did like how he went to work for the FBI
user1: great recruiting for them
user1: get the best!
user1: stop the rest
user1: that's a good motto 
user2: Yeah, it's also a sort of atonement for Frank
user1: right
user1: I wonder how often the US govt recruits the best of the worst
user2: I'm still surprised he could impersonate an airline pilot. Seems a little unbelievable.
user1: No kidding! I imagine, because of the changes after 9/11, it would be quite difficult to do that now!
user2: Yeah, different times then.
user1: Man, what a life he lived
user1: Had a ton of fun, unlimited money, then goes to work for the government for the rest of his life (and banks)
user2: And he ended earning millions of dollars for his work!
user1: #lifemade
user1: Maybe I can do the same thing, but with bitcoins, that's the new thing, right?
user2: ha ha. A life of crime really pays. Well, after you commit to the good guys, I guess.
user1: Right, have to figure out someway to convinnce them to let you work for them
user2: Didn't realize it lasts 140 minutes. That's almost as long as Lord of the Rings!
user1: Right, it is a super long movie... 
user1: that criticism is pretty accurate
user2: Bye!

conversation:
user2: Hi let's talk,
user2: I just saw a movie about a con man
user2: It's suppose to be a true story 
user1: What movie was that? I think I watched the same, Catch me if you can?
user2: Yes. that's it  Good stars in it too
user1: I like a good crime movie, and I love Leonardo Dicaprio! I thought it was interesting that its a true story
user2: Leonardo Di Capro 
user2: on the same idea .......He's real belivable
user1: I enjoy steven spielberg, even though it wasnt hs biggest film
user2: It's kind of tongue in cheek   and having Spielberg for director  was a good choce
user2: It's a film I would recommend to anyone to go see
user1: Yeah I would have to agree with the ratings too
user2: me too .  Moves quickly too
user1: Yes I do enjoy the humor in this one
user2: Tom Hanks is always a good addition
user2: The FBI and checks fraud helps end the story
user1: I like how easy to relate the beginning of the story is, moving due to economic difficulties, affair, divore...
user1: divorce*
user2: yes, just the usual life problems
user1: I cant relate much to the scamming, lol I am not that clever
user2: Very easy to watch and laugh 
user2: I can't imagine being married to him
user1: But it is impressive how he thinks!
user2: He was a real case 
user2: Devious mind
user2: never broke for long
user1: For sure, not much trust going on there. Escaping, working for the FBI
user1: He just couldn't stay away from the thrill of the chase
user2: Well and he's diverse in his characters he chooses 
user2: Just loves the chase and being one step ahead 
user1: Oh yeah, a fast life there. Nothing like mine, but fun to watch
user2: Well movies are our escape
user1: The ending shows a somewhat normal life again, its a little hard to believe
user2: Yep well, real life is hard to believe
user1: Lol yes it is.
user2: the chase got to be too much for him
user1: Well I guess that happens as you get older.
user2: yes, it sure does so the movie is true to the end.
user1: Good for him, using his scamming ways for the good.
user1: My husband and I both enjoyed the movie, will definitely watch again
user2: Yes, I agree ...will watch again
user2: glad we were able to discuss this film
user1: Yes, fun to discuss something, especially when we agree about it 
user2: I wonder what the switch was in his head that lead him off on his escapades
user2: any ideas on that?
user1: I'm not sure because I don't think like that, I think some people are born with thinking like that
user2: me either ,,  but it could have been his dad's money problems and his parents divorce
user1: That will mess with someones mind!
user1: Thanks for the conversation, have a good one!
user2: okay talk again  Bye for now

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: HI
user2: What's up?
user1: SO have you seen that movie?
user2: I don't recall. It seems familiar
user2: I heard about the real crime it's based off
user1: I remember it
user1: Yeah, it was a true story.
user2: Oh yea..was it good?
user1: yeah.
user2: What did you like about it?
user1: I like Leonardo
user2: Yeah he's a solid actor
user2: Glad he got an oscar finally lol
user1: yeah!
user1: He did ? for what?
user2: I think it was the one movie where he was in the wilderness. It was just last year. The repentant or something
user2: So was the movie fast paced?
user2: *revenant*
user1: it was fast paced at times. I saw it years ago.
user2: Ah cool. Would you recommend that I see it?
user1: yeah
user2: Cool.
user2: Are you real?
user1: im real
user2: What's f..I.ve pl-us t/w/o?
user1: are you>
user1: 7
user2: Yep, ask me anything
user2: Ok haha cool
user1: I believe you.
user2: Thanks :). Anyway, I saw that Christopher walken was also in the movie

conversation:
user1: Hey.. so what's this movie?
user2: Catch me if you can.
user1: Should I admit that I've seen it? haha. What does it want you to tell me about it?
user2: It is about a brilliant con man.
user1: excellent. anything else?
user2: I would watch it again even though I despise Leo as a person.
user1: dang! What's with the Leo hate?
user2: Pretentious do as I say not as I do environmentalist.
user2: I do watch some of his films.
user1: Interesting. I'm ignorant in that realm of his politics/actions
user1: I thought Catch me if you can was pretty cute. Enjoyable, not super crazy in depth
user2: I still have not seen The Revenant.
user1: Me either
user2: Hard to believe that Catch me if you can is based on real events.
user1: I think I vaguely remember them saying that. I'm sure it's exaggerated, of course, but it's fun to think about
user1: Who directedit?
user2: I admire people that are that smart and gutsy.
user2: Steven Speilberg
user1: ah. dependable  good director
user2: I love anything Amy Adams is in. I find her to be great.
user1: I also enjoy Amy Adams, very talented actor
user2: She is also easy to look at.
user1: That's a given :)
user2: I first remember her in night at the museum. I am sure I saw her before though.
user1: What kind of ratings does your document give catch me if you can?
user2: Rotten Tomatoes-96%
user2: Meta critic 76
user1: Huh! I wouldn't have expected the critics to love it so much
user2: Cinema score A-
user1: pretty good. I would give it about a B/B+
user2: Usually critics and I do not see Eye to eye.
user1: but in this?
user2: I am not sure what I would rate it. I have not  seen it in years.
user1: ah. Yeah, it's been a while for me too
user1: who played his FBI advisor?
user2: Tom Hanks?
user1: ah. Sorry,  I haven't seen it in ages.. ha. I just vaguely remember it and thinking it was pretty fun
user1: Wanna wrap up?
user2: Probably more than you do. lol
user1: ha, alright. nice talking to ya!
user2: Have we met the minimum requirements?

conversation:
user2: Hello\
user1: hello there
user2: What movie?
user1: Catch me if you can
user2: What's it about?
user1: Its about a young man, who is a highly successful charming con artist. He cons everyone including the fbi by check fraud and pretending to be other people
user1: his cons are worth millions of dollars, amazing!
user2: who acts in the movie?
user2: That sounds really cool. Is it based on a true story?
user1: its leonardo dicaprio, tom hanks, amy adams, christopher walken, and nathalie baye. it is based on a true story of Frank abagnale
user2: Awesome. What's the genre?
user2: drama or comedy?
user1: its a biographical crime film
user2: Is it appropriate for kids?
user1: no, not with the themes presented
user2: Oh Okay. How long is it?
user1: its roughly over 140 minutes
user2: That's a long movie! Does it get boring?
user1: well, some think a great funny movie thats easy to watch. others feel like it drags a bit at the end
user2: Is there a lot of action scenes?
user1: there are some light action sequences filled with drama
user2: Is there romance? sex?
user1: Therre are supporting characters that dipict some romance/sex/ect,
user2: Any nudity?
user1: unsure
user2: Would you recommend it?
user1: highly. it has a a- cinema score and 96% on rotten tomatoes
user2: Thats a good score. Who directed the movie?
user1:  steven spielberg!
user2: Oh he's great. 
user2: Thank you for the movie recommendation
user1: of course

conversation:
user1: Hey, how are you? Did you read the document yet?
user2: yes i just finished reading it 
user1: What is the name of the movie?
user2: the name of the movie is "catch me if you can"  if you like Spielberg movies this one seems great
user2: would you like to know about it?
user1: Yea, please
user1: The title sounds familiar
user1: What is it about?
user2: is based of a true story so is a autobiographical movie 
user2: is about this young kid frank who impersonates different jobs to con millions of dollars
user2: he first pretends to be a Pan american world airways pilot
user2: then a doctor and a prosecutor from Louisiana 
user2: you want to know the best part?
user1: What?
user2: that even after he got caught by the F.B.I they hired him since he was so good
user1: oh that sounds cool
user1: I think I have heard of this before
user2: he does have a sad story about his up bringing though 
user1: what happened?
user2: his father frank sr and french mother paula had difficult with the IRS they owed alot of money. his dad could not secure a loan so they lost their home
user2: his mother frustrated ended up cheating on his dad
user2: so they divorced
user1: Wow, thats dark
user2: thats where frank jr started looking for a better life by impersonating a french teach at his highschool
user1: that doesn't sound better haha
user1: that sounds like a cry for help
user2: he ended up stealing about 2.8 million from pan aam
user2: thats crazy 
user2: you know his father ended up dying and it was the cause of him getting caughtw
user2: want to know how?
user1: how?
user2: he heard his father was sick so he took a plane trip and goes back to his old him only to find a little girl by the windows that he realizes is his half sister. he loosk through the glass and see his the man that his mom left his dad for 
user2: due to this fact his grief stricken and jsut gave himself up
user2: he was sentenced for 12 years
user1: what? How?
user1: His mom cheated on his dad with him?
user1: thats so weird
user1: how does that work
user2: i might of explained it wrong. the reason he went back home was because his dad ended up dying. he was struck with grief. he went to his old house to see his mom. what he saw was a little girl on the window and his mom with her new husband. he realized that the little girl was his half sister. it was like a sign that his mom moved on and forgot about his dad and him. this kind of got him upset because he was very close to his dad. because of that, he turned himself in to the FBI 
user2: through the movie there is a fbi agent who is a supporting character and ends up getting fooled every time by frank jr his name was carl. carl at the end was the one who gave frank jr a job for the f.b.i
user2: overall seems like a pretty good movie

conversation:
user2: Hi, how are you ?
user1: Hey user 2 i'm doing well. 
user1: user2 have you seen catch me if you can?
user2: No, but I have heard of it.
user2: Can you tell me some info abou it.
user1: you should see it. it stars very well known actors such as Tom Hanks and Leo DiCaprio
user2: They are good actors.
user1: It's an american biographical crime film directed by Steven Spielberg
user2: What year did the movie come out?
user1: It's based on the life of Frank Abagnate 
user1: it holds a 96% on rotten tomatoes
user2: Steven Spielberg is a great Director.
user1: metacritic score gives it 76/100
user2: When did the movie come out?
user1: 2002
user2: Wow, ok so that's quiet an older movie.
user1: Frank goes from a nice well off family to financial troubles after his business loan
user2: Let me guess, did Leonardo DiCaprio die at the end?
user1: it flashes from his cons to on the run from the police. He's being chased by Carl, Tom Hanks, Character
user1: But in the end
user2: Where is it based in the city?
user1: Carl and Frank become friends and Carl even offers him a deal working with him
user2: So it's more of a mystery comedy movie!
user1: New York mainly but it bounces around since leo, frank, is on the run from the law the entire movie
user2: I will check to see if the movie is on Netflix, I want to give it a try.
user1: In the end Frank has been happily married for 26 years and has 3 sons living a normal life with his friend Carl. Who together have caught some notrious money forgers 
user1: very good movie with solid acting and a great not everyday type of script
user2: Sounds very interesting, I appreciate the movie plot detail. Thanks
user1: no problem! have a good one. 
user2: You, too. Bye

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hi there
user2: Have you seen the movie, "Catch me if you can," ?
user1: I have.  Do like Leonardo DiCaprio?
user2: I love him. He's really great in this movie.
user2: So is Tom Hanks as Carl Hanratty
user1: He's good in everything.  What do you think of the story line?
user1: Yep can't go wrong with that cast.
user2: I agree. I love it. I like biographical crime movies. 
user1: I think it's amazing that he was able to pull it off.  But Frank Abagnale was really smart.
user1: Or else the people he conned were just dumb.
user2: Yeah for sure. I think it's crazy that he was such a notorious con artist at 19 and was so successful 
user1: That's the thing, he was only 19.  He must have looked older for his age.
user2: I like that the movie doesn't take itself too seriously. It really feels like a comedy more so then a crime-drama
user1: The dynamic between Carl and Frank was fantastic.
user2: I agree, the actors have a lot of great chemistry. Amy Adams, and Christopher Walken are great in it too. 
user2: Steven Spielberg is such a great director too.
user1: I disagree that this was not a major Spielberg film.  It was pretty popular.
user1: It was fairly ingenious for the FBI to use Frank to help them.
user2: I will say, even though it is a funny movie, there are a lot of sad scenes. Like when Frank finds out his dather has passed away. 
user2: I agree, I think that's awesome. 
user1: I know.  That was his downfall.  Otherwise, I don't think Hanratty would have ever caught him.  
user2: I agree. I think it's crazy how he was able to fool Pan Am for so long
user1: He fooled everyone.  I think people are just gullible and if you're as charming as Frank you can pull it off.
user2: I do think it's awesome that through everything he came out the other end married with kids and was able to find happiness
user1: I agree.  He wasn't a bad guy; I think he was just having fun seeing how far he could go.
user1: Did you also see Gangs of NY?
user2: Right. He was smart and didn't want to be poor like he kind of grew up. 
user2: Yes, that's a great one too. 
user2: I think that the ratings for this movie are pretty spot on though. 96% in rotten tomatoes is pretty great
user1: And it's so cool that Frank and Carl remained friends.
user1: They probably had a lot of respect for each other.
user2: I think that Carl had a lot of empathy and respect for him
user1: And I just noticed that Frank continued to earn millions of dollars a year from creating unforgeable checks.  So he obtained his objective.
user2: Yeah, that's crazy. Well have a good rest of your day!
user1: New Rochelle seems to be the location for many fims.
user1: You as well, nice chatting with you.

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: Hi there.
user2: Have you watched "Catch Me if you Can"?
user1: nah what is it about?
user2: It's really neat! It's about a real person named Frank Abignale.
user1: who is he
user2: But it's not a boring documentary.
user1: what type of movie is it
user2: He was a master con artist
user2: It's like a combination of a biography and crime drama with some adventure thrown in
user1: wow thats intriguing
user1: who plays the lead role
user2: It's got really good scores on Rotten Tomatoes too
user1: whats the score?
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio plays Frank and he does it really well.
user2: It's a 7.9/10 on RT and an A- on Cinematic
user1: classic leonardo
user1: who is the female lead?
user2: I always did enjoy watching his movies
user1: pretty good scores
user2: Nathalie Baye plays his mom, Paula Abignale
user1: when did the movie come out?
user2: and Amy Adams is Brenda Strong
user2: In 2002.
user2: But it has staying power.
user1: wow then it mustve been really good
user2: Most of the movie is about Frank trying to avoid the law as he pretends to be lots of different people
user2: But he's really not qualified for any of it. He's just super smart and adaptable
user1: do they have any special effects?
user2: It's not heavy on special effects.
user1: alright thats ok
user2: The smaller details are more important in this movie

conversation:
user2: Do you like Leonardo DiCaprio?
user1: yes he is pretty cool
user2: He is great. Do you know his movie Catch Me If You Can?
user1: yes i love that movie, it is one of my favorite
user2: Yes, it is awesome. It tells the story of Frank Abagnale who was 19 when he con'd millions of dollars! DiCaprio was great in this role.
user1: yes so this movie was based on a true story? i did not know that
user2: Yes, it is a true story. It involves the FBI
user1: the chase was crazy, i loved tom hanks as well.
user2: Me too! The actors in this movie are amazing. 
user1: i cant believe that one of the critical responses was "bogged down over 140 minutes". I thought it was very exciting, myself.
user2: So true. I am surprised it got some negative response. I was intrigued the whole time. I miss the old days when Tom Hanks and DiCaprio were in movies together.
user1: I was intrigued as well. I can't believe that this movie was made in 2002. Its been over a decade since it was made
user2: Yes, that is crazy. Time goes too fast. Steven Spielberg is still making amazing movies though! He's an incredible director.
user1: Yes he is a good director. It says Martin Sheen was in this movie too. I wonder if he is related to Charlie Sheen?
user2: Yes, that is his father I believe! I need to watch this movie again soon so I can refresh my memory.
user1: I think you are right. I can't believe that he was able to con millions of dollars by posing as a pilot. 
user2: It is a crazy story. I don't remember what happened to the real guy in actual reality. It is crazy to think about.
user1: In this day and age he would not be able to get away with such a crime. It is crazy to think about. It's been awhile since I watched this movie myself.
user2: Yeah. I remember the scenes actually where he was making the fake checks. The level of detail that he went into to make sure that it was right is amazing.
user1: I know right. I can't even imagine being able to do that. I'm sure if I knew I could get away with it I would do it too. I don't know what happened to the guy in real life either. I am tempted to google it when this conversation is over.
user2: For sure! I am going to google it after we are done. I would love to hear any interview with the real man as well if that is possible. To hear his perspective after refreshing my memory on the movie would be really cool
user1: Yes it would be. I also wonder how long he got away with it before getting caught.
user2: I think it was many years. I just want to know if he had any actual thoughts or family members that influenced his life and weren't pictured in the movie. The movie is good but it is a movie. Movies don't always tell the full story even in one like this.
user1: yes so true. Sometimes they leave out many details because afterall they can only include so much in a movie with limited time.
user2: Exactly. I seen now that Frank, the real guy, had been happily married for 26 years with 3 sons. That makes this story even crazier
user1: Wow and it also says that he makes unforgeable checks. I guess he has enough experience to do it. I assume that he either did his time in prison or made a deal, definitely interesting enough.
user2: Yes, I think he made a deal with the FBI. I wonder how his wife felt!
user1: Now he is living good and doing what he loves, LEGALLY, and staying out of trouble. Must be nice!
user2: Thank you for the convo!
user2: Have a good evening.
user1: Thank you as well, nice talking to you.

conversation:
user2: Hi, Have you seen the movie, "Catch me if you can"?
user2: It has Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks in leading roles, and I thought it was pretty suspenseful.
user2: DiCaprio plays this (really young!) guy who manages cons people into believing he's a pilot, doctor, and attorney. He forges his own checks and doesn't get caught for years.
user2: I thought the film was a bit too long, but I enjoyed the plot and tension.
user1: No, I have not
user2: Do you think this sounds like a movie you'd want to watch?
user1: Is it interesting?
user2: I found it very interesting and suspenseful.
user1: He is a good actor usually!
user2: It scored really highly on Rotten Tomatoes (96%), so a lot of other people must have really enjoyed it, too.
user1: I am very interested
user2: Yeah, I liked DiCaprio's performance a lot. He was really convincing in the jobs he acted in.
user2: You should watch it!
user2: Like I said, it's a bit long, but the story is fun to follow!
user1: I am excited now about watching it
user1: Is it appropriate for family?
user2: I think it is best for slightly more mature audiences.
user1: So probably I will watch with my husband
user2: Yes, that sounds like a good at-home date-night!
user1: Is it recent?
user2: Not really, it came out about 15 years ago, in 2002.
user1: I haven't heard about it before...
user1: So Dicaprio is young?
user2: Yeah, he plays a character that's supposed to be 19 years old, so he looks really young.
user1: Yes, he changed 
user1: I think I liked him when he was younger...
user2: I guess. But he fits the role really well in this film.
user2: He definitely was convincing in the cons he pulls in this film.
user1: I will take your advice
user2: Well, if you like suspenseful movies about heists and cons, you'll enjoy this one!
user1: I love suspense!
user2: Yeah, this movie's got lost of it. Several times Tom Hanks' character gets really close to catching Leo. It's fun to see how he manages to get away.
user1: Tom Hanks - another great actor!
user2: Plus, the ending is nice. It's based on a true story, so it's cool to see how the main character actually lived out his life.
user1: So, it is based on real story?
user2: Yeah, it is! The main character, Frank Abagnale is a real person.

conversation:
user1: Hello there.
user2: Hey. the movie we are discussing is Catch me if you can
user2: It was directed by Spielberg
user2: It has HIGH ratings all around from 3 major rating companies
user1: Oooo...I like Spielberg.  Is that the one with Leonardo DiCaprio?
user2: Yes, he is the main charachter
user2: Tom Hanks (another awesome actor) plays in it too
user1: Awesome. I like them both a lot as actors.  What is the premise of the movie?
user2: This is based on a true story.... I love awesome stories like this
user2: Apparently Leo (as Frank Abagnale Jr.) cons millions of dollars out of major companies
user2: by pretending to be a PanAm pilot, a doctor, a lawyer
user1: Sweet.  I generally like the "based on a true story" I just get irritated sometimes by how much stuff they change.  I know that they have to make up some things for story purposes, but some movies (like Texas Chainsaw Massacre) use one minor snippet of truth and then make up an entire story around it.
user1: Does it say how he manages to pretend to be all those things? I'd like to try it (kidding)
user2: he was so good at check fraud that the FBI used him (after he was caught) to help them find other frauders
user2: haha
user2: just being really good and looking somewhat older than he was... he was 19 when a lot of this happened
user1: I am somewhat older, but not good looking. When did this all take place? I'm sure it was much easier back then.
user2: Steals 2.8 million Pan Am alone.... true...the movie came out in 2002.
user2: yeah, it was based in 1963
user2: much easier to get around that stuff then
user2: haha.... but he helped to write the protocols to stop people like himself.
user2: Martin Sheen is in it too, but they don't mention which role he plays
user1: That was a very wise move on the governments part to find the master of forgery to work for them.  And I truly mean that.
user2: true....  Frank never seems to be a "bad" person.... misguided maybe... his parents get divorced, his mother has an affair...
user2: I think it just threw him and he dealt with life the best way he could.
user2: no real role model.
user2: Christopher Walken is in it to as the father
user2: Amy Adams also plays in it as well
user1: And while fraud is bad, I don't find it near as bad as rape or murder, so I don't find it too drastic.  Seems like he was highly intelligent, with no real outlets (other than illegal activities) to use his intelligence.
user1: Christopher Walken is amazing as well.
user2: true, until the FBI uses his "talents" for better uses
user1: Right, and if he would have had that kind of guidance at a younger age, I bet he wouldn't have ended up living a life of crime.  I know that all too well.
user2: Carl is the FBI agent that eventually catches Frank jr....(played by Tom Hanks)
user1: Although I never got my big break from the FBI ha ha
user2: haha.....Tom hanks kind of became a father figure to him
user2: apparently frank turned his life around - married for 26 years, 3 kids, and lives in the midwest
user1: What happened to his actual father? I know you said they divorced and his mother had an affair, but where was his father throughout that the FBI agent ended up taking him under his wing.
user1: Midwest is awesome (except Minnesota and Iowa), so good choice on his part.
user2: having helped to catch many other forgers and makes millions each year due to his contribution
user2: I don't see any reference to the father after the divorce...
user2: oh the father dies
user2: sorry
user1: Hmmm...that's interesting. I wonder what type of relationship he had with his parents then that led him to that.
user2: apparently not a great one
user1: Great.  Thanks for chatting!

conversation:
user2: hi
user2: have you seen catch me if you can?
user1: Yeah I have! It's an awesome movie!
user2: me too, I like it . do you like Di caprio as an actor?
user1: Yes, he is an amazing actor. Did you know that Catch Me if You Can got and 96% on rotten tomatoes? That's amazing!
user2: Do you use rotten tomatoes regularly? 
user1: Yes I do, but I think the high score in this movie is due to DiCaprio's role as Frank Abagnale. Did you know that the movie is a biographical one? It's based on the life of real Frank Abagnale!
user2: Right , he was a check kiter. Great cast too
user1: I know! I loved Tom Hanks in this movie. His role as Carl Hanratty was spectacular! Not to mention Amy Adams and Christopher Walken. No wonder this movie did so well! There's so many great actors. Plus it's a Steven Spielberg film, that also has to be a reason it's such a great film.
user2: It has all superstars and a great writing. I think I will watch it again. I think it came from a book that frank abignale wrote. When did you see it last?
user1: Do you agree with the movie's rating then? I saw it last night! The real life plot is so cool. Imagine being only almost 19 years old and successfully fooling people you're a pilot, doctor, and prosecutor. 
user2: yes, I think it iis a good rating. It is worth watching. Is it a comedy? or sort of?
user2: running out of time here
user1: Well it's technically a biographical crime movie, but it is funny. In fact one critic said that the movie contains more genuinely funny material than 90% than other comedies found in the movies these days.
user2: do you know what the budget was? probably big?
user1: I'm not sure about that, maybe can you can look online. My favorite part was when Frank was posing as a sub teacher in his french class. Then after his parents got divorced, he ran away and that started his whole journey of cons and scamming people.
user2: right, funny.. he was a doctor too. I think it was acomedy in a way. The guy has balls
user1: Yeah, I did find it funny. I liked it when he impersonated an airplane pilot. It amazes me that he was able to succeed in stealing over $2.8 million. That guy was a genius.
user2: Do you like speilburg moveis?
user1: Yes I do, especially this one. The part that really spoke to me was when his father died. And then to make it even worse, when he goes back home and finds his mother with the man she left his dad for, and Frank's stepsister. Then he gives himself up. Heart-wrenching.
user1: hello?

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user1: How are you today?
user2: I am OK
user2: Do you like movies?
user1: Of course who doesnt?
user2: Some people prefer books
user1: Nah, that went out of style years ago lol
user2: What is your favorite movie?
user1: Seriously I enjoy both though
user2: I don't judge man
user1: I like all kinds really, I think romance is boring though.
user2: Do you like crime films?
user1: Yeah, those are great. Havent seen a good one in a while though.
user2: How about a movie that celebrates scamming people that is directed by Steven Spielberg
user1: Lol seems interesting so far. Whats it called?
user2: Catch me if you can
user1: I think I've heard of that. Isn't Tom Hanks in it?
user2: Yes, but not his best work
user1: You didn't like his performance or the movie as a whole?
user2: But way better than that retard forest bump
user2: His best was The Burbs
user1: I agree on Forrest Gump. Wasn't a fan.
user1: Oh man the Burns was hilarious!
user1: You have good taste my friend.
user2: Thanks
user2: The best part about forest bump was when he got AIDS at the end
user2: It really made the whole thing worth while
user1: I don't remember him getting a disease at the end, but then again I really didn't pay attention to that movie at all. 
user1: It was kind of boring.
user2: Hella boring,
user1: What was his role in Catch Me If You Can?
user1: He some kind of scam artist?
user2: He is the scam artist best friend
user1: Who is the actual scam artist played by?
user2: Then he convinces the FBOi to go easy on frank the scam artist
user2: FBI
user2: Leonard's de caprio
user1: Alright, another respectable actor. This doesn't sound bad at all.
user2: Who you may remember from titanic
user1: Ugh Titanic..still trying to forget that movie.
user1: Not a fan of the lovey dovey stuff.
user2: Catch me if you can also has Christopher walk-in who you may remember fromJoe Dirt
user1: Oh, nice. I like Walken.
user2: He is good in everything he does
user1: I agree, I actually remember him from Forrest Gump
user1: Irony.
user2: Will you watch catch !e if you can
user2: Weird
user1: I'll give it a look since you recommend it.
user2: Thanks

conversation:
user1: Hey!
user1: Have you seen Catch me if you can?
user2: I have not. Have you? 
user1: Yeah greatly recommend it!
user1: Have you heard about it?
user2: The cast looks amazing! I used to really love Leonardo DiCaprio. I have not heard about it. 
user1: This is one of his break out roles in my opinion
user2: Really? Is he Frank? 
user1: It also starts Tom Hanks, Christopher Walken and Amy Adams
user2: I love Christopher Walken!
user1: Yeah he is the main actor Frank Abegnate
user1: This film is a biography of Frank;s life
user2: Do you know if it is true, to the true story or did they change a lot for tv?
user1: Since its directed by Spielberg you know its great
user1: Yeah its based on an autobiography so its true for the most part
user1: Can I tell you about my favorite scene?
user2: Ok. I like watching biographies over reading them
user2: What is your favorite scene? 
user1: One of his first cons he pretends to be a substitue teacher and we see how brilliant he is. From there he increases the amount of cons he does and he even imitates an airplan pilot
user2: That's pretty neat that he helped the FBI learn to catch the forgers. 
user1: He manages to forge 2.8 million dollars worth of checks
user2: Oh wow! That is a lot. So does he have a family while he does this or is he unattached? 
user1: Yeah but he missed the con life so much he attempted to con while working for the FBI, that was extremely corageous of him
user2: Awe. I have heard that stuff like that is hard to quit. 
user2: The critics did not seem to like it very much. Any idea why?
user1: He only has a wife, no children but she is completely oblivious to his scams
user1: No sure why, i feel like it has a great cast, great writing and is an interesting genre.
user2: Does he have a main job? I always wonder how people can be oblivious to what their spouse is doing. 
user1: Well in the ending scene we see that he has been married for 28 years, has 3 sons and has helped the FBI recover millions of dollars
user2: So the FBI is his main job then I guess. I wonder how rich he is. 
user1: she probably had an inkling to what he was really doing but never brought it up to him
user2: She just enjoyed the money
user1: I bet he had to return most of the money he conned, but knowing how smart he was he probably had some hidden elsewhere
user2: I see that in the ending credits he has three sons and is living happily ever after.

conversation:
user1: Good morning
user1: Looks like we got, Catch me if you can. Great Leonardo DiCaprio movie!
user1: Hello? 
user2: good morning
user2: yes, I love it too.
user1: oh hi lol
user2: hello
user2: It's fascinates me that it's based on a true story
user1: Looking back this was a star studded cast, oh my i dont remember all these people being in the movie
user1: Caprio, hanks, walken, adams, and baye oh my
user2: its a star studded cast
user1: and yes, all based on a true story! amazing!
user2: love Walken and Hanks
user1: Spielberg directed it, what didn't he direct? hardest working man in hollywood. 
user2: seriously
user2: so talented
user1: Surprised it wasn't rated higher on metacritic and rotten tomatoes
user2: that's true. Overall both scores are decent
user1: What was your favorite scene from the film? 
user2: Oh, there are several. The first that comes to mind is when he posed as a pilot and got away with it
user2: What about you?
user1: LOL
user1: Yea I like the one where he's running through the airport, the one from the ads that got played over and over.
user2: I like the when Hanks is always just THIS close to catching him but ultimately took years 
user1: When did you last watch the film? Reading this makes me want to watch it again!
user2: About a year ago and I feel the same way. I own it on DVD so I'll probably watch it sometime soon
user1: Yes, reading these Key scenes it's all coming back. It's been several years but I recall it being a great movie.
user1: hard to believe it's been out for 16 years
user2: So true. Leonardo DiCaprio is a bright actor too. He does that main character justice
user2: That makes me feel old, lol
user1: Same with feeling old now!
user1: Yea, DiCaprion is one of my favorite actors. He showed flashes of greatness in these early movies but I never imagined what he'd become.
user1: DiCaprio*
user2: Oh so true. Who knew he'd grow from a goofy looking kid in What's Eating Gilbert Grape to the actor he is today.

conversation:
user1: Hello.
user1: I remember this movie, I can't believe it was way back in '02.
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: No, I've never seen it. However, it sounds like it only did okay at the box office. Not one of the biggest hits of Spielberg's. 
user1: That's true, it was one of his smaller films.
user1: No big effects or anything like that.
user1: You should try and rent it when you get the chance.
user2: Not sure if it's my type of movie, actually. Besides, it's kind of long in duration at 140 minutes. As a critic said, it's bogged down and ends like a winded tortoise." lol

conversation:
user1: This movie cam out in 2002
user1: came out*
user2: Which movie are you talking about?
user1: Catch me if you can
user2: Oh I have heard its good, what did you think?
user1: I think it was pretty awesome
user2: What type of movie is it? Comedy?
user1: It's more of a biographic, crime 
user2: Oh I didnt know! Who is in it
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hanks, Christopher Walken, Nathalie Baye and Amy Adams.
user2: Wow, some of my favorites!
user2: Might have to have a movie night this weekend, how long is the movie?
user1: It's 140 minutes long.\
user2: Oh a long one huh. Did it keep you interested the whole time?
user1: Yes, I love when it's long, because I never want it to end
user1: You know any movie Leonardo is in is long lol
user2: Lol yes thats true! Love a good movie that draws you in
user1: This one definitely will, I'm thinking of watching it tonight
user2: It is rare I will watch a movie twice.. you must really recommend this one!
user1: Yea much people don't really know about it, something about old movies, 
user2: I thought it was older, do you know when it came out?
user1: It came out in 2002
user1: A little after the Y2K era 
user2: Gotcha. I bet my husband would enjoy, he loves anything to do with crime
user2: Wonder where I could rent it lol
user1: I would say Blockbuster, but I think those all are closed now
user1: Try A Redbox
user1: or Amazon 
user2: I think I will check today, we havent watched any good ones lately
user2: Good story for my husband to follow and I get to watch Leonardo, not bad :P
user1: Yea this one has an authentic feel to it, it was Directed by Steven Spielberg to .
user1: Hahaha
user2: OH well then definitely! Im a big fan of Steven Spielberg's work
user1: Yea dudes a genius, 
user1: He faked it until he made it, you should google him.
user1: Interesting Story/.
user2: I never heard that, will google!

conversation:
user2: Hi, how's it going?
user1: Hi, I'm good - how are you?
user2: I'm good
user1: That's good lol
user2: Have you seen the movie Catch Me If You Can? It has several famous actors in it, like Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hanks, and Christopher Walken
user1: Ohhhhh, i've heard that movie before.
user1: That's alot of famous people
user2: Stephen Spielberg directed it, and it's a biographical/crime movie
user1: What's the movie about again? I heard the name but it was a little while ago.
user2: It follows the life of a guy who is a con artist 
user1: ohhhh very interesting
user1: is it a present-day movie or does it take place in the past? or the future?
user2: He posed as several different professionals-- like a doctor, pilot, and a prosecutor
user1: Sounds very cool
user2: the movie came out in 2002 but it takes place in the 1960s
user1: Leonardo always makes good movie. and Tom Hanks.
user1: I'm sure it won lots of awards just for the cast and director alone
user1: i always try to watch Tom Hanks and Leonardo Dicaprio's movies, whether or not I know anything about them - just because i know they always choose the more interesting projects / roles
user2: I'm not sure if it won any awards but it definitely got really good reviews from Rotten Tomatoes and CinemaScore
user1: did you look that up just now?? lol
user1: and rotten tomatoes is always a very harsh - hard to get a good great on it
user2: I agree-- I thought the same thing when I saw that
user1: yeah ... 
user1: oh and christopher walken, he always plays really good roles as well
user1: they're always similar... but he plays them well
user1: what else can you tell me about the movie? 
user1: what was your favorite part? and least favorite part?
user2: I found it amazing that a teenager was able to pull off all of the cons-- especially as a pilot and doctor
user2: I'm pretty sure I wouldn't be able to do that if my life depended on it
user1: ohhh yeah, thats true... must've been very smart - or lucky
user1: what about your least favorite part?
user2: it was the 60s, so maybe they didn't know any better... and I feel like it was easier to pretend to be someone you weren't then. Now there's always a computer trail
user1: thats very true.. it'll be VERY hard to try and hide nowadays
user2: Oh, and he basically gets rewarded at the end of the movie for being a con artist because he starts working for the FBI helping to find and track money and check forgers
user2: And has helped banks make their checks harder to forge
user1: oh really??!! that's so hard to believe! i can't believe that actually happened in real life

conversation:
user2: Good day to you!
user1: Have you seen Catch Me if You Can?
user2: I have not! Is it any good?
user1: Yes, it has good reviews on Rotten Tomatoes
user1: And it's directed by Steven Spielberg
user2: Awesome! I trust Rotten Tomatoes and love Spielberg. Who stars in it?
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio
user1: and Tom Hanks and Christopher Walken and Amy Adams!
user2: All great actors. A list in my opinion. What's the movie about?
user1: It's a biographical crime film about the life of Frank Abagnale who was a con man who posed as a Pan American World Airways pilot, a Georgia doctor and a Louisiana parish prosecutor.
user2: I've actually heard about Abagnale. Didn't know the movie was about him. Who plays the character of Frank?
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio
user2: Awesome! I bet he nailed the part as always!
user2: Do you know the exact score Rotten Tomatoes gave the film?
user1: 96%
user2: That's amazing as RT is tough on movies so if this film got a rating in the 90s, it must be spectacular. Any other interesting plot details you can share?
user1: He also poses as a substitute teacher in his French class
user2: Sounds like he was great at deceiving people. What character did Tom Hanks play?
user1: He works with the FBI trying to track Frank Down
user1: Frank ends up getting caught, but has the opportunity to work for the FBI to catch other cons.
user2: Awesome. He's one of my favorite actors. And the fact that he was caught and offered a job with the FBI makes it more appealing as it sounds like it explores his entire story. 
user1: Yes, it's a great movie. It has some great drama, but also comedy.
user2: Those are my two favorite genres. Do you happen to know what character Christpher Walken played?
user1: Yes, he plays Frank Abagnale, Sr.
user1: The film has a great ending. After the ending credits, we learn that Frank started a family and still made lots of money because he invented a new kind of unforgeable check.
user1: *unforgeable
user2: Oh the dad! Wow! Perfect casting as Christopher could really pass as Leo's dad
user1: Yes, it's a great dynamic
user2: I'm glad the ending was happy for him. The guy was clearly a genius! ! So what about Amy Adams? Do you happen to know her character?
user1: She played Brenda Strong
user1: I can't remember what role she plays in the story
user2: This sounds like a great film. It has an all star cast, a legendary director, is critically acclaimed and a very interesting plot!
user1: Yes, I hope you see it!
user1: Good day!
user2: I plan on it and same to you! Thanks for all the info!

conversation:
user2: Hi there, nhow are you?
user1: hello, how are you?
user2: Good , thanks! You?
user1: i am good thank you for asking
user2: Have you see this movie before?
user1: no
user2: I have seen it one time, back in 2002
user1: was it good?
user2: Leo DiCaprio is excellent! It's very entertaining and he plays  a con artist that sucessfully performed a great number of scams
user1: It seems to have a well known cast as well
user2: Yes, Tom Hanks and Amy Adams
user2: Steven Spielberg did a good job as a director
user1: yes, but the film ended poorly, "like a winded tortoise"
user2: still, it's pretty entertaining 
user1: any movie with Tom Hanks is a good one!
user2: I like how his ego grows bigger and bigger and he just can't stop and embarks on even greater scam the next time around, he ends up stealing over $ 2.8 million!
user2: That's true, Tom Hanks can transform any film, even a bad one!
user1: and Steven Speilburg is a wonderful director!
user2: It';s a fairly old film but the subject is timeless so if you decide to see it you won't regret it!
user2: It's not a deep movie by any means-more of a light historical comedy/entertainment, but something for easy watching!
user1: i do enjoy a good comedy, and the actors Christopher Walken, Martin Sheen are great as well they would enhance the movie
user2: Yes, this film is definitely a power house when it comes to cast of actors!
user2: Based on a true story too
user1: yes it is the FBI offers him a deal  to reduce his sentence by helping them
user2: I'm not sure how long this guy went away to jail for, it would be interesting to find out
user1: he was sentenced to 12 years 
user2:  Wow, only 12! in today's society they would probably lock him up in a mental institution due to multiple personality disorder and he would get away all together:-)
user1: it has a good ending he gets married has 3 sons and stays friends with the FBI agent
user2: Wow, he actually turns his life around, that's good!
user1: and finds out he has a half sister from his mother. 
user2: wow, that's a happy ending!
user1: he also created the unforgeable check
user2: at least he did something good for society as well as catching other scamers
user1: and made millions of dollars doing it
user2: not bad at all!
user1: i wonder if Pan Am went out of business due to him forging their payroll checks and stealing 2.8million
user2: yes, that seems like a significant amount to put a company out of business!
user2: I think we are allowed to end task now? It looks we finished the task according to the instructions. Thanks so much for chatting with me and have a good day!
user1: ok have a great day, 
user2: thanks, bye!

conversation:
user1: Hi! Have you seen the movie Catch Me If You Can?
user2: Hi! Yes, I have seen the film. 
user2: Have you seen it?
user1: Yes. Did you know that it was based on a true story?  He had done all of those cons by his 19th birthday?
user2: I did. It's an incredible story how someone was able to be so conniving at such a young age. 
user2: The cast was great. I also really enjoyed the soundtrack. It's one of my favorites. 
user1: I always think that with his intelligence, what could he have done legitimately?
user2: Hard to know, possibly work for the FBI, which he eventually ended up working for. 
user1: The cast was great: Tom Hanks, Leonardo DiCaprio, Christopher Walkens, and even Amy Adams.
user2: Yeah, the actors were perfectly cast, and they had great chemistry.
user1: I thought that Tom Hanks was not at all like his usual characters.
user2: It surprisingly had many funny moments, for what essentially was a serious offense. I enjoyed the cat and mouse chase between Hanks and DiCaprio
user2: Agree. He had plenty of range in this role. Not as serious as the ones he usually picks
user2: I also really enjoyed the relationship between Christoper Walken and DiCaprio
user1: This all happened in the sixties. When Frank's parents went down financially, they divorced. Frank ran away and started running elaborate cons to get by. He stole over 2.8 million!
user2: Such a large amount of money back then. Unbelievable! 
user2: He even posed as a pilot several times 
user1: He impersonated a pilot! How would anyone have enough guts to teach themselves to fly a plane?
user2: and a doctor!
user1: That was the other big one! Didn't he pass medical school board exams? He really was a genius.
user2: This was also a film that was unlike many of Steven Spielberg's traditional films, but works very well. 
user2: Yeah, he did. 
user2: He even posed as a Louisiana Parish! 
user1: Do you remember when Tom Hank's character tells Frank his father has died? Frank goes back to his old house where he sees his mother, a step father, and step sister?
user2: I remember that scene. Sad scene. 
user2: He didn't want to believe him when he told him. 
user1: He gives up and goes to prison for 12 years.
user2: When he gets out he was still so young to have worked for the FBI to help them uncover fraudulent checks. 
user1: Carl visits him and after Frank points out that the evidence he has for a case is a fake check, Carl gets him to live out his sentence working for the FBI.
user2: I like that he and Tom Hanks characters became good friends, and you could see over the course of the film he cared for him. 
user1: The ending credits show that Frank married, had 3 children, and lives in the midwest. He ended up making millions making unforgeable checks. 
user2: It was good to see he made money doing something honest and was able to use his talents for good. 
user1: It was almost like a Frank Capra film . . .only a true story!
user2: Yeah. 
user1: Thank you for discussing this movie with me!
user2: Absolutley. Thanks again as well. 

conversation:
user2: hiii...
user1: I didn't realize the movie scored so well on rotten tomatoes 
user1: Hello
user2: waoo I did not know that either
user1: I'm not sure what I'm suppose to do here
user2: but they're Steven Spielberg movies, that's clear
user2: we must talk about what comes out in each document, make a conversation about the movie
user1: OK it says it wasn't a huge film but at least watchable
user2: yes, and the cast that he has is of great figures
user1: Yes a very well picked cast
user1: I didn't know it's genre was biographical 
user1: In1963 2.8 million was a while lotta money dang
user2: Yes 
user2: What do you think of Frank Abagnale's family?
user1: Well or says on the paper that they faced fininacal difficulty and had to move
user2: Yes, there were a lot of problems in the family, and that led Frank to do his illegal things
user1: I don't know thought we were only suppose to say things that are on this page
user1: At least the FBI offered him a deal and now he works for them
user2: yes, now we must speak of the one who says 2
user1: He ended up with a half sister he didn't know about
user1: He got12 years in prison
user2: yes, and that's where they offer you the fbi deal
user2: and Frank tries to do air pilot again
user1: But Carl catches him before he does it
user1: He got married for26 years
user2: if that was not suspected, and they remained friends
user2: and still won many millions
user1: They ended up having3 boys
user1: Settled down in the Midwest
user2: Yes, it's great and Frank's life is crazy, although that ending does not work, it does not convince me at all
user1: At least he still earns millions a year
user2: Well, yes, although I do not understand how they are still friends ...

conversation:
user1: Hello, how are you. What movie are we talking about today? 
user2: hi....catche me if you can ...have you seen it?
user2: hello
user1: I have not seen it, what is it about 
user2: It is about a fraudster ,  Do you like stephen spielberg movies?
user1: I love stephen Speilberg movies. Is it an action movie?
user2: no it is about a fraudster who plays an airline captain and various other occupations and cheats people. it is a funny /drama /real life film.. are you interested? 
user1: Yes, it sounds like a great movie, I would love to see it. who plays in it? 
user2: Great cast, decaprio, walken , sheen and tom hanks.... do you like these actors?
user1: yes, I like all of them. decaprio is probably my favorite.  Have you seen the movie more than once? 
user2: No I haven't. It is a funny story. He is part french,s oh e is bilingulal and he starts teaching in a school as substitute french teacher when he is not a teacher. that is how he becomes used to fooling people . 
user1: What does he do to fool them? 
user2: He teaches, writes fake checks, works as an airline pilot and then starts kiting payroll checks from pan am. as a pilot
user1: that sounds interesting and funny. does he get into trouble for all of that? 
user2: Yes eventually, Tom hanks is a detective who is looking for decaprio... he stole a lot of money this way...about 3 million dollars in real life
user1: oh that is great, I can see Tom Hanks as a detective. I can also see Decaprio as the bad guy, He has that look about him. That is so much money, I cant imagine. 
user1: Is there any lead female roles in the movie 
user2: Yes, hanks has a great role . H e finally finds decaprio, or frank in the movie and catches him. He gets 12 years in prison. Hanks plays a great role
user2: Yes there is a beautiful actress,French lady , nathelie Baye as franks mother
user1: Does the movie show him doing time in prison or is that just the outcome? 
user2: Yes , it shows him in prison. Then he cuts a deal with the fbi for a shorter sentence to help them with bank fraud cases
user1: oh that is a great twist, helping after he just commited so much crime. Does he help catch anyone big? 
user2: Yes, he helps the fbi catch many others . He is still frineds with carl/hanks the fbi agent.
user1: Did you see this movie in the theater or at home? I bet it would be a great movie to watch on screen
user2: I watched it at home, I like theaters, do you?
user1: I love going to the theater, it makes the movie come to life. The sound of the movie as well as the size of the screen, I wish this was still in theaters i would go see. I guess I will have to just watch it at home :) 
user1: what would you rate this movie on a scale of 1 to 10
user2: Yes easy to focus. I would rate this movie an 8 out of ten. It has a great cast. The ending is very uplifting as it shows their frinedship with the fbi agent and he lives happily ever after , married for 26 years. Uplifting movie.  
user2: enlyed the chat. enjoy the movies
user2: I think you will like catch me if you can
user2: see it in a theater if you can

conversation:
user1: Have you seen the movie Catch me if you can? Leonardo was great in that one!
user2: Yes, I've seen it! His role as Frank Abagnale, Jr. was superb. Do you know what ratings did this movie receive?
user1: Yeah, it got a 96% on Rotten Tomatoes! 
user2: That is a great score. What is amazing, that this movie is a biographical crime film, so it happened in real time.
user1: And the fact that he pulled it off when he was 18? insanse
user2: Yeah, I wish I could pose as a Pan American World Airways pilot like Frank did.
user1: he reminds me of that kid from the movie Blank Check, but all grown up
user2: Huh, I haven't seen that one. What's it about?
user1: oh its just an old crappy movie from the 90s. some kid gets his hand on a blank check from some rich guy and cashes it for a million dollars and buys this awesome house with all this awesome stuff. 

conversation:
user1: Are you interested in this movie?
user1: It has a good, not great, cast. Leonardo DiCaprio is probably good in this kind of role since he has so much charisma
user2: Yes, I love the topic the movie is based on. 
user1: I love good caper movies, but it's a little hard to tell if this is a comedy or not
user1: the genre is crime, but it seems kind of funny
user2: It is great that the story line goes with the adult life of Frank Abangale
user1: Have you heard of Frank Abagnale before the movie?
user2: It is a very humorous real crime film 
user2: Yes,  I heard of him but learned a lot more than I knew. 
user1: Tom Hanks is a little boring in this kind of role, but he's generally a good actor
user2: He plays a very tight was person
user1: Do you like the other actors in the film?
user1: Does this movie seem realistic to you?
user2: The male act9rz
user1: Or faithful to the true story?
user2: The male actor yes but never heard of the women before 
user1: Amy Adams is a really good actress
user2: It doesn't seem to be but it is true to his life.  He had a funny but intense life 
user2: She was in this movie but not sure any other movie
user1: It seems like there are a lot of things that they took "artistic license" on. I don't think a person with no training could fly a plane for example.
user2: Yes they can. It might take longer than normal but you can
user2: I think it is cool they used him in the end to work for the FBI to help on cases 
user2: They did make up things but is mostly based on his real life
user1: It is just hard to believe.
user1: I wonder if it would have been better directed by someone else?
user1: Maybe I am just skeptical - lots of critics seemed to like it
user2: It is but also back then the technology wasn't as advanced so it was easier to do things
user2: It is one movie that would seem fiction but really mostly based on his life
user2: And in the end at least he used his knowledge of check forgery for the good, to make checks that were hard to forge.  
user1: Do you think they should have let him go free?
user2: But at least in the end he at least use his knowledge of forging checks for the good
user1: yeah it's a happy ending, especially if you think that Frank Abagnale is a good guy. He seems like he should be in jail to me.
user2: Honestly, I do cause what he did wasnt that bad and didn't really harm anybody
user1: Didn't he pretend to be a doctor?
user1: He gave medical advice to people!
user2: But everything he did, he researched it so he at least knew a little bit
