wiki document:
cast:
Robert Downey Jr. as Tony Stark/Iron Man, an industrialist, genius inventor, and consummate playboy, he is CEO of Stark Industries and a chief weapons manufacturer for the U.S. military.
Terrence Howard as James "Rhodey" Rhodes, a friend of Stark's, and the liaison between Stark Industries and the United States Air Force in the department of acquisitions, specifically weapons development. 
Jeff Bridges as Obadiah Stane, Stark's business second-in-command, mentor and friend who turns on him to overtake the company, eventually building a giant exosuit to fight Stark. 
Shaun Toub as Yinsen, Stark's fellow captive, who grafts an electromagnet to Stark's chest "to keep the shrapnel shell shards that wounded him from reaching his heart and killing him", and who helps Stark build the first Iron Man suit.
Gwyneth Paltrow as Pepper Potts, Stark's personal assistant and budding love interest.

critical response:
expansively entertaining special effects extravaganza' with 'fresh energy and stylistic polish
impressive sets and mechanics that combine smoothly with relatively seamless CG
a shapely piece of mythmaking [...] Favreau doesn't go in for stylized comic-book frames, at least in the first half. He gets real with it   you'd think you were watching a military thriller
a slightly depressed, going-through-the-motions feel to the entire show [...] Gwyneth Paltrow, widening her eyes and palpitating, can't do much with an antique role as Stark's girl Friday, who loves him but can't say so; Terrence Howard, playing a military man who chases around after Stark, looks dispirited and taken for granted

director:
Jon Favreau

genre:
SuperHero

introduction:
Iron Man is a 2008 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Paramount Pictures.1 It is the first film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). The film was directed by Jon Favreau, with a screenplay by the writing teams of Mark Fergus and Hawk Ostby and Art Marcum and Matt Holloway. It stars Robert Downey Jr. as Tony Stark / Iron Man, alongside Terrence Howard, Jeff Bridges, Shaun Toub, and Gwyneth Paltrow. In Iron Man, Tony Stark, an industrialist and master engineer, builds a powered exoskeleton and becomes the technologically advanced superhero Iron Man

movie name:
Iron Man

rating:
Rotten Tomatoes: 94% and average: 7.7/10
Metacritic Score: 79/100
CinemaScore: A

year:
2008

description:
Genius, billionaire, and playboy Tony Stark, who has inherited the defense contractor Stark Industries from his father, is in war-torn Afghanistan with his friend and military liaison Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes to demonstrate the new 'Jericho' missile. After the demonstration, the convoy is ambushed and Stark is critically wounded by one of his own company's rocket-propelled grenades. He is captured and imprisoned in a cave by a terrorist group, the Ten Rings; Yinsen, a fellow captive who is a doctor, implants an electromagnet into Stark's chest to keep the shrapnel shards that wounded him from reaching his heart and killing him. Ten Rings leader Raza offers Stark freedom in exchange for building a Jericho missile for the group, but Tony and Yinsen know that Raza will not keep his word. 
At a charity event held by Stark Industries, reporter Christine Everhart informs Stark that his company's weapons, including the Jericho, were recently delivered to the Ten Rings and are being used to attack Yinsen's home village, Gulmira. Stark then learns that Stane has been arms trafficking to criminals worldwide, and is staging a coup to replace him as Stark Industries' CEO. Stark dons his new armor and flies to Afghanistan, where he saves the villagers. While flying home, Stark is shot at by two F-22 Raptor fighter jets. He reveals his secret identity to Rhodes over the phone in an attempt to end the attack. Meanwhile, the Ten Rings gather the pieces of Stark's prototype suit and meet with Stane, who subdues Raza and has the rest of the group killed. Stane has a massive new suit reverse engineered from the wreckage. Seeking to track his company's illegal shipments, Stark sends Pepper to hack into its database. She discovers Stane hired the Ten Rings to kill Stark, but the group reneged. Potts meets with Agent Phil Coulson of S.H.I.E.L.D., an intelligence agency, to inform him of Stane's activities. 
Stane's scientists cannot duplicate Stark's miniaturized arc reactor, so Stane ambushes Stark at his home and takes the one from his chest. Stark manages to get to his original reactor to replace it. Potts and several S.H.I.E.L.D. agents attempt to arrest Stane, but he dons his suit and attacks them. Stark fights Stane, but is outmatched without his new reactor to run his suit at full capacity. The fight carries Stark and Stane to the top of the Stark Industries building, and Stark instructs Potts to overload the large arc reactor powering the building. This unleashes a massive electrical surge that causes Stane and his armor to fall into the exploding reactor, killing him. The next day, at a press conference, Stark defies suggestions from S.H.I.E.L.D. and publicly admits to being the superhero the press has dubbed 'Iron Man'. 

conversation:
user1: hey now
user2: Hi good day
user1: indeed it is. shall we talk movies?
user2: Our Movie was titled SUPERHERO
user1: how descriptive
user1: who in it?
user2: It was Directed by: Jon Favreau
user1: oh yeah? What year did it come out?
user2: It was filmed 2008
user1: what was the Rotten Tomatoes score, then?
user2: The actor was Robert Downey JR
user2: Have you watched this movie before?
user1: Oh, my god. I love actors. were there any others?
user1: I haven't seen it, no
user2: Ahaha sorry the title was Iron Man.. my mistake ohh my
user1: no, I didn't see it. 
user2: I think you watched this movie also
user2: ohh 
user1: The guy has a suit, though. An iron suit
user2: Yes it was 
user1: tell me about a character
user1: i you want. no pressure
user2: Robert Downy Jr played Tony Spark
user1: oh man. that sounds great. who else was in it?
user2: The billionare who's in the fire arm business
user1: alright. Sounds good.
user1: Was it well regarded by critics
user2: Robert Downey Jr. as Tony Stark/Iron Man, an industrialist, genius inventor, andconsummate playboy, he is CEO of Stark Industries and a chief weapons manufacturer forthe U.S. military.● Terrence Howard as James "Rhodey" Rhodes, a friend of Stark's, and the liaison betweenStark Industries and the United States Air Force in the department of acquisitions,specifically weapons development.● Jeff Bridges as Obadiah Stane, Stark's business second-in-command, mentor and friendwho turns on him to overtake the company, eventually building a giant exosuit to fightStark.● Shaun Toub as Yinsen, Stark's fellow captive, who grafts an electromagnet to Stark'schest "to keep the shrapnel shell shards that wounded him from reaching his heart andkilling him", and who helps Stark build the first Iron Man suit.● Gwyneth Paltrow as Pepper Potts, Stark's personal assistant and budding love interest.
user1: you're not supposed to do that, dude.
user2: Yes.. Rotten Tomatoes: 94% and average: 7.7/10Metacritic Score: 79/100 CinemaScore: A
user2: ohh sorry 
user2: Did not know cant copy
user1: yeah, you can't just copy/paste what would be the point?
user2: I was trying to just give some information
user1: we're done though anyway. rember next time
user1: good chat!
user2: ohh yes yes.. 
user2: thank you good chat to you

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hello, any thoughts on Iron Man?
user2: for me it is an excellent movie of the superhero genre
user1: I would agree. I particularly like Robert Downey Jr. in this role, it's as though he spent his entire adult life preparing for the role of Tony Stark.
user2: it's as if he really was tony hehehej
user1: Right, I couldn't have picked a better franchise to kick off the marvel cinematic universe. 
user1: Despite the futuristic technology, the series stayed rooted in realism for years.
user1: Do you have any thoughts about Jon Favreau's creative decision to update the setting to Iraq from the comic's canonical Vietnam War setting?
user1: Do you have any thoughts at all?
user1: Are you capable of any response whatsoever?
user1: Do you agree with the rating of the movie?
user1: I liked Jeff Bridges as Obadiah Stane. He played the role in a way that led the audience to trust him until his true motivations became apparent.
user1: You're a very stand-offish robot.
user1: If you were designed to stop replying one step before finishing the conversation so that your coder can gather information without compensating mechanical turk workers, don't say anything.

conversation:
user1: Hello. So you read a document about a movie?
user2: still reading
user2: yep!
user1: Alright. So what's the movie called?
user2: Iron Man!
user2: It's a superhero film - do you like comics?
user1: I do. I get real into them and try to dig up as much info as I can. 
user1: Do you know who the villain will be?
user2: Obadiah Stone, who is Tony Stark's second in command in Stark Industries. Turncoat who tries to overtake the company!
user1: Alright, so a more down to earth super hero movie than some. No super aliens or anything like that?
user2: yeah, I like superhero films that rely more on technology and skill than superpowers - feels more within the realm of possibility. Critics describe this as having a military thriller feel, as opposed to a stylized comic book frame by frame replay.
user2: no super aliens; grenades, terrorists, and electromagnetic exosuits!
user2: and a hint of romance, too; Gwyneth Paltrow as Pepper Potts, Tony Stark (Ironman's) potential love interest.
user2: This movie has something for everyone! I highly recommend it :)
user1: Since it's just called "Iron Man" with no secondary title I'm guessing probably an origin story?
user2: Good guess! It's the first film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, actually.
user1: Interesting. Since it's the first how is the budget? Do special effects suffer at all?
user2: don't know about the budget - but critical response is that it's an "expansively entertaining special effects extravaganza"
user2: with relatively seamless CGI
user1: Alright cool. You mentioned Pepper Potts actress; Who else is starring?
user2: Robert Downey Jr as Iron Man; Jeff Bridges as his nemesis, and Terrance Howard as James "Rhodey" Rhodes.
user1: I don't know James Rhodes. Who is he, in the general scheme of things?
user2: He is a friend of Tony Stark's - he is liaison between Stark Industries and the military, because Lt. Colonel Rhodes is in the US Air Force in the weapons development / acquisitions dept, and Stark Industries is a defense contractor.
user1: What kind of weapons is Stark Industries selling to the air force?
user1: Power armor?
user2: nope 
user2: rocket propelled grenades
user1: I see.
user1: Well I think I've got a pretty good picture of the movie now.
user1: Any last thoughts?
user2: do you think you'd enjoy it? Do you want to go see it?
user1: Definitely. That kind of movie is right up my alley.
user2: Just that while critics do vary in response, a 94% rating is pretty decent! A from cinema score and 79/100 on Metacritic
user1: That is very impressive. Thank you for time!

conversation:
user2: Hi!
user1: Hello!
user1: I just saw Iron Man.  It was awesome!
user2: Oh cool! What's it about?
user1: It's about a Superhero called Iron Man, in real non-superhero life he's a genius inventor.
user1: It's got Robert Downey, Jr. as Iron Man aka Tony Stark.
user2: I really like him. Was he good in it?
user1: Yes!  There are some other big names starring in it too!
user2: Like who?
user1: It's got Gwyneth Paltrow as Stark's assistant and he has a crush on her.
user1: Then there's Jeff Bridges as the next in charge at Stark Industries, Downey's company.
user2: Nice! Do they hook up in the end?
user1: Do you really want to know or do you want to wait for when you watch it?
user1: Stark is kind of a playboy.
user1: The plot is awesome too.
user2: That figures. I guess I'll wait.  Who directed it?
user1: Jon Favreau directed it, it got pretty good critics' scores.
user2: What were the reviews?
user1: CinemaScore gave it an A, and Rotten Tomatoes was 94%.
user2: Wow that is pretty good. So what happens with the plot?
user1: Stark gets captured by terrorists and is held prisoner in a cave in Afghanistan.
user1: They have to put a device in his chest because he gets injured in a blast and it keeps the shrapnel that they can't remove from reaching his heart.
user2: So they want to keep him alive? Why?
user1: The terrorist group is called Ten Rings, they want him to manufacture a Jericho missile for them.
user2: I see. So how does he escape?
user1: Let me just say he gets away and doesn't build the missile. 
user1: But when he gets back to his company he finds out one of his employees is secretly working as an arms dealer.
user2: Dirty mole!
user2: So what does he do with him?
user1: He foils the attack on a village the terrorists are trying to destroy, donned in his Iron Man gear flying around all Superhero-like.
user1: His mole of an employee builds a suit like his, and they end up duking it out.
user2: Ah ha! So naturally Iron prevails right?
user1: Just before the ending the two of them are fighting atop the Stark Industries tower.
user2: Go on!
user1: Stark doesn't have the new reactor to charge his Iron Man suit that the other guy has, so he's getting whooped pretty bad.
user1: You sure you want to know the ending?
user2: Nope. Let's not spoil it. Thanks!

conversation:
user1: Hi there! Ready to chat?
user2: Hi
user2: Yes
user1: Alright. So the movie I have is the original Iron Man. It came out in 2008. Have you seen it?
user2: So what’s the movie 
user2: I actually have but it’s been awhile 
user2: So tell me about it
user1: Cool. It has a Rotten Tomatoes score of 94, a MetaCritic score of 79, and a CinemaScore of A, all of which I agree with. I thought it was a pretty good movie. What about you?
user2: I thought it was good too
user2: I like Robert Downey jr as iron man
user1: Yeah, same here. I feel like he did a great job being an eccentric, rich businessman-turned-superhero. 
user1: Terrence Howard was also in it as James Rhodes, along with Jeff Bridges as Obadiah Stane, the primary antagonist. Gwyneth Paltrow was also Pepper Potts.
user2: Yeah I liked it what was the plot of the first one
user2: I get them mixed up
user1: I actually forgot about this until just now, but the intro is set in Afghanistan, with Tony being captured by a terrorist group.
user2: I like Terrance Howard as well
user1: I actually don't know too much about Terrance.
user2: He plays on empire he was in hustle in flow
user1: Ah, I see. Haven't seen either of those.
user2: And some other good movies
user2: But anyway back to the topic at hand
user1: Some of the critical responses to Iron Man were: "impressive sets and mechanics that combine smoothly with relatively seamless CG"
user2: What happens in this movie 
user1: I remember the CG being pretty decent for a 2009 movie.
user1: I'd love to tell you but I don't have the page with the plot summary anymore, haha. :)
user2: Yeah I’m having a hard time remember which one was which
user2: Oh well that’s no good
user2: Well what do you know
user1: Oh okay, here we go. It just gave them back to me. Basically he's giving a defense contract demonstration, and is captured and wounded. A fellow-scientist is also captured and creates a device that keeps the metal shards in his chest from going in any deeper.
user2: Yeah I remember a little about that
user1: Tony escapes by building a metal suit out of scrap while also pretending to build a missile for the terrorist group. The metal suit is his prototypical Iron Man suit.
user2: It’s hard to believe this movie is 10 years old already 
user1: I know. Time goes so quickly in the entertainment industry. :P
user1: Conversation's up for me. Have a great day!

conversation:
user2: I love a good superhero movie! Iron Man is a good one.
user1: hello
user1: have you seen the mmovie?
user2: Hi!
user1: I saw it many years ago
user2: Yes, same!
user2: And just recently as well. I really do enjoy Robert Downey Jr as Iron Man.
user2: I can't believe it has been 10 years since it came out. That's crazy.
user1: I know, it feels like couple years
user1: I like Robert Downey too
user2: Time flies. Haha. 
user1: Would you watch it again?
user2: Definitely!
user1: Did you see it on the big screen the first time?
user2: I normally do agree with Rotten Tomatoes scores. A 94 for this movie is pretty good.
user1: I saw it on DVD but still was fun
user2: Honestly... not sure! Ha!
user1: I don't totally trust critics, they give biased reviews
user1: Wasn't there a sequel to this movie?
user2: I don't totally trust them either. I never let reviews stop me from watching a film.
user1: I think it is best to decide for yourself
user1: I usually watch a movie if I like the actors
user2: I believe there was an Iron man 2 and 3!
user2: I forgot that Jeff bridges was in this cast!!
user2: Likewise!!
user2: I really did like the end of this movie. Especially when Tony Stark reveals his identity as Iron Man.
user1: I don't remember details but the entire movie was enjoyable
user2: As well as when Stark defeats Stane on top of his building.
user2: You'll have to watch it again and refresh your memory!!!
user1: I think I recall that
user1: Yes, I do need to watch it again
user1: maybe during spring break
user2: Perfect! You can follow up with the sequels. Haha
user1: it's one of those movies you can just pick up and watch any time
user1: you don't really need to know the background
user2: Definitely! Even for the sequels. Still enjoyable. Well, it's been nice chatting! Enjoy the rest of your day.

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: HEY THERE
user2: sorry didn't mean to scream
user2: so what movie are we talking about today
user1: we are talking about Iron Man
user2: cool.  whats that about
user1: its about a man with a brilliant mind that ended up getting kidnapped by a warlord and was forced to create a weapon 
user2: sounds interesting
user2: any reviews?
user1: yes, it received 7.7/10 from rotten tomatoes, and 79/100 from metacriic. 
user1: its Cinematic score is A
user2: those are good
user2: any big actors/actresses?
user1: robert downy jr.
user1: jeff bridges is also an actor in it
user1: it has great special effects and the story is really a step higher than most movies
user2: oh that's good
user2: a listers
user2: I love special affects.  Solid plot or no?
user1: plot is really solid
user1: it stays interesting from start to finish
user2: always a plus.
user2: chessy ending or is it decent?  sometimes these movies can get predictable
user1: the ending is similar to many movies since the bag guy looses pathetically, there want much struggle in power
user2: gotcha.  wonder if this is on netflix
user1: between opposing sides
user1: im not sure, I do see it on hulu. but I stoppod using netfilx. 
user1: you might find the whole movie o youtube also
user2: didn't think about youtube
user2: good idea
user2: anything else of interest about the movie?
user1: yeah, when looking for movies on youtube, never search using the movie name, instead use the actors name to get all movies they have made.
user2: great idea!
user1: the super hero isnt entrely overpowered in the beginning fight so it really cool to watch. it shows progression in the super hero

conversation:
user1: Hello how are you? How did you like the movie Iron Man? 
user2: I havent watched that movie.
user2: Have you?
user1: Well I think Robert Downey Jr. did a great job!
user1: I'd say it was one of the best super hero films

conversation:
user1: Hey! How's it going?
user1: How did you like Iron Man?
user2: Hi! I like the movie
user2: Did you like it?
user1: I thought it was fun too.
user1: What was your favorite character?
user2: Ofcourse it is Tony
user1: He's hard to beat I must admit.
user2: What was your favorite character?
user1: Probably Tony as well - he cracks me up with his deadpan humor.
user1: I actually think it's the humor that helps the movie work out.
user2: Yes he has very good humor and acts with ease
user1: What element of the movie did you prefer, besides the humor?
user2: Action sequences. I like the second movie out of all three parts
user2: First movie looks more like a documentary/war
user1: Yeah, the action sequence are pretty good. Love the flying suit!
user1: Right. But it was a good way to establish the back story.
user2: second part is my favorite with all sports cars in action, upgraded suit
user2: yeah 
user1: I know! All those shiny toys.
user1: Usually, I
user1: m not that big on gadgets like that, but they really make it work.
user1: I think it's the sort of aesthetics they went for that works for me.
user2: are you expecting another part?
user2: sequel
user1: Probably. They made so much money with those movies, why would they stop?
user1: I think they made a billion dollars with those movies
user2: yeah.
user1: What do you think of the flirt/love sub story with Gwyneth Paltrow?
user2: Honestly I don't remember that one..remind me where exactly it happened
user1: I think toward the end. I thought it was unnecessary.
user1: But you can see the love story coming from the start.
user1: I find it annoying when they feel they have to add love stories to everything.
user1: But her character still works besides the flirting.
user2: See that's why I only remember war thing
user1: I know - it's more fun to watch, more action-oriented.
user1: What about the technology in the movies - do you like the way it's presented?
user1: I loved the electro magnet in his heart.
user2: oh by the way, I love his attitude in serious fights, humor with music
user1: I know! He's one of the best actors for super hero movies because he doesn't take himself too seriously.
user1: Gotta go now - fun talking with you!

conversation:
user1: Hey how's it going?
user2: pretty good
user1: Have you ever seen the movie Iron Man?
user2: no
user2: not big on movies LOL
user2: but I am definetetly interested in learning about it
user1: It's really worth checking out. It Stars Robert Downey Jr. who's really really energtic in the role of Tony Stark, A.K.A Iron Man.
user2: is tony still acting
user2: seems interesting, ill have to check it out. what kind of movie is it
user1: Basically it's about a genius and inventor (Tony Stark) who creates weapons for the government. What ends up happening is a terrorist group captures him and forces him to make a bomb for them. But he ends up creating a superhero suit, which he calls Iron Man, to escape.
user1: and then he becomes a super hero.
user1: it's an Action movie. Superhero Genre actually, since they basically have their own genre movie now too. But it's basically part comedy as well.
user2: wow, thats pretty cool! was it filmed in hollywood? that place is for creepers and weirdos...my momma always told me to never ever go to california.
user2: how do they make a comedy and action movie together!?!?!? so AMAZING! i will definetely go watch it
user2: who is the bad guy?
user2: that's all im interested in realllllllllly
user1: hahah that's hilarious, and definitely true. . I'm not sure but since it's made by Paramount pictures, I assume it was made in Hollywood. 
user1: and yeah the bad guy is played by Jeff Bridges, do you know him?
user1: He plays a character called Obadiah Stane,  who is actually a close friend of Tony Stark. He ends up betraying him to overtake his company. He also build a giant "Iron Man" like suit, and the two end up having a really awesome brawl. 
user2: well if its made at paramount it probably has tosh.o, I've never heard of jeff bridges actually
user2: how do you know so much about the movie? I cant remember what i put on yesterday... 
user1: Believe it or not it was 1 year before Tosh.0 I believe. Iron Man was made in 2008 :)
user2: man you seem to know more about tv and movies than i do, what am i doing here LOL..sorry if this messes your mturk.. :(
user1: This movie is pretty cool because it starts the "Marvel Universe" basically. They introduce in this movie a group called S.H.I.E.L.D which  has later implications down the line. 
user1: No don't worry haha. I have a document to read off of so i'm just going through the motions here too ;)
user1: Do You know about Rotten Tomatoes? It has a 94% score on there, so the movie really is great and entertaining. 
user1: I know you're not big on movies like you said but I do recommend checking it out when you get the chance. 
user2: the movie seems pretty great! i would liek to watch it but i'd have to guy buy a tv and dvd player to even watch it though but I only make 2 dollars a day on mturk so that probably wont happen ;lol 
user2: i have heard of rotten tomatoes! but not very familiar with it, besides that it reviews movies..i believe
user2: im pretty sure i have seen a movie with downey in it though...hmmm....sherlock holmes!! love it
user1: Yeah they review movies. The higher the score the better. This one has a really impressive score. If you possibly could , it's worth checking out. 
user1: Yes! that's one of his. Downey is really great in that, and in this ass well. 
user2: cool! I will have to see about finding iron man. 
user1: Have you seen any other super hero films?
user2: wasn't too big on marvel either when growing up, i have seen several other super hero movies but cant seem to think of any right now
user1: Understood. This one is a bit different because unlike the traditional "Secret identity" aspect of superheros, like, let's say, Superman, Iron man Publicly declares (at the end) that he's Iron Man to a press conference. 
user1: In my mind that sets it apart from other super hero movies. it's definitely a stand out in the genre. 
user2:  sounds good...I have seen the old superman movies and they were sort of corny, this one seems intersting to say the least. 
user2: do you know any other actors in it>?
user1: Yeah that's what I was talking about about "conventional superhero" troupes. Anyway, I know things are tough but hopefully you get the chance to check it out. Hope all goes well for you. Thank you so much for the conversation!
user2: you said he creates weapons for the government, so is he cia or just someone on the side fighting crime lol
user1: and yes haha, before I go, Terrance Howard, who plays Tony's best friend, and Shaun Toub who helps Tony out when he is captured in the cave. Also Gwyneth Paltrow as Pepper, his assistant/love interest. 
user2: ya no problem, i was just teasing about making 2 bucks a day lol
user1: No he just makes weapons for them. His father was a billionaire and Tony inherits his wealth after he passes. 
user2: ok cool, thanks for the info!!! seems pretty intersesting actually so ill have to find it
user1: Haha i know I kinda got a trolling-joking vibe. it's cool though. Take care anyway.
user2: lolo

conversation:
user2: hello ;)
user2: Have you seen any good movies recently ?
user1: you should see iron man
user2: Superhero movie ?
user2: Who's in it ?
user1: Robert Downey
user1: first film in the marvel cinematic universe
user1: should see it exciting
user2: I kinda like him - how is his acting in this movie ?
user1: very impressie sets and mehanics
user1: steller
user2: wow, sounds really good..
user2: Did you like the special effects ? are there a lot of them ?
user1: yes there are several and it is high teck   very advaned and you will love it exciting
user2: how about the humor ? on decent level or more like for kids ?
user1: well  not sur
user1: yea good for kids   trrrence howard is someone they can relate too
user1: as Rhodes
user1: tought
user2: No I get it, but would someone like me - 36 year old guy enjoy it ?
user1: it depends   do you like commics
user2: sure, I had plenty when I was a kid
user1: this is a great downey super heror movie with higt tec stuff and exciting
user1: you will like it i think
user1: hyes
user1: yes
user2: What did You like the most about the movie ?
user1: I mosly liked the fact that the jericho missle was very interesting
user1: and realistic so to speak
user2: what was so interesting about that missile ? Why is it so special ?
user1: thatas when the story evolves around its testing
user1: and develops weill
user1: lstark is wounded by his onw gren
user1: and caputred
user1: and imprisoined in a cave by terroriest
user1: very good plot
user2: I see... are there any other celebrities playing in that movie ? Any hot chicks ? :)
user1: girl friend
user2: k...    did the movie got decent rating ?
user1: 1. Rotten Tomatoes: 94% and average: 7.7/102. Metacritic Score: 79/100
user1: metacritic   79/100
user1: so yes good
user1: movie
user2: wow, that's pretty good. Now I want to see it !
user2: Have You seen it in theaters ? Or on DVD  ?
user1: just reading about it here
user2: ...so did You see the movie ?
user1: and I haVE SEEN SOME OF THE OTHER ONES
user2: oh I see
user1: ROBERT doweny is a dedicated at his craft
user2: k, nice talking to You...
user1: and the iron man series is solid
user1: nice tlaking to you too
user1: tks
user2: I think we're done here
user2: thx
user2: bb
user1: good luck turkeing
user2: u2 m8

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hello, have you seen Iron Man the movie with Robert Downey Jr?
user1: around the time when it first came out
user1: i dont remember much but the basics
user2: What were your thoughts about it?
user1: I think it was pretty good.  It had Robert Downey Jr. so i may be bias.
user1: Who directed the movie?
user2: If i recall i think it was directed by Jon Favereau
user1: Who else played in Iron Man?
user2: Do you think this was like the first movie that made marvel comic movies watchable? 
user2: There has been bootleeg versions of the same Iron Man story. I can not recall actually other actors but they do exist
user1: Isn't there a page next to the dialogue box?
user1: It should have a description of the movie with actors, directors etc. for you to reference
user2: What kind of rating would you give this film?
user1: I guess a 4/5 from what I remember
user1: it was pretty long if I recall correctly
user1: I am assuming there is no information on this movie that they provided?
user2: There is but not as detailed 
user1: what was the rating by the critics?
user1: not as detailed as what? this random conversation? lmao
user2: Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 94. Metracritic 79/100 and CinemaScore gave it A
user2: Can you recall favorite scenes from the movie?
user1: I can only vivdly picture in the beginning him about to break out of his little dessert cave
user1: and another when he was back home and giving the speech at the end
user2: I see, what are your thoughts on Superhero movies? Do you think they are overdone or are they ok?
user1: There have been so many, I have started getting disinterested
user1: when I was younger I was all about them.  now I only care for certain superheros
user2: I feel the same. It's over-saturated now. But the newer ones seem so expensive (production wise) that it almost seem impossible not going to the leather too see them 
user1: That's how they get you 
user1: lol
user1: Anything else on the movie page, director, characters, etc?
user2: True, they seem like cash grabs now

conversation:
user1: hello
user1: how are you
user1: im talkin whit you about this movie
user1: Iron Man
user2: hi, fine :)
user2: Do you like films about superheroes? :)
user1: yes i do
user1: I really like classic movies
user2: Iron Man is based on the Marvel Comics, did you read it?
user2: I am not sure if Iron Man belongs to the group of 'classic movies' :)
user2: Have you watch any other film directed by Jon Favreau?
user1: This is a marvel superhero movie, if it is. I think I've seen it before.
user1: this was his first delivery
user2: info from the critics 'a slighty depressed'... what do you think about it?
user1: apparently it was a very low criticism but it responded to the expectations of the followers
user1: Being directed by Jon Favreau, he was very successful withthe group of Stan Lee, Hawk Ostby, Art Marcum and Matt Holloway.
user2: Movies belong to the genre SuperHero can be produced only in Hollywood probably...
user1: the majority was from that city
user1: The plot is based around Tony Stark, an entrepreneur and engineer, who builds a motorized exoskeleton and becomes a technologically advanced superhero.
user2: Tony Stark "Genius, billionaire who has inherited the defense contractor from his father'... It couldn't happen in other part of the world :)
user2: On the other hand, the question is, why such movies are produced only in the USA...
user2: I have to watch this film one again...
user1: It's 2008
user1: I think that it is the most technologically advanced country in the world of superheroes
user2: what do you think in general about this film?
user1: It is a movie that had a lot of success and acceptance, it has great special effects and good argument.
user2:  Do you like movies of SuperHeroes?
user1: if I really like
user2:  Do you generally watch movies with a lot of special effects?
user1: almost all have itespecially of wars or super heroes
user2:  I liked this scene on the top of the Stark Industries building
user2: probably because I have a little fear of heights
user1: then you suffer a little vertigo
user2: Do you generally watch movies with good ratings or do you prefer to give a chance to have your own view about movies?
user2: and it's the reason why I usually do not fight on the top of the buildings :)
user1: I prefer to have my own qualification, sometimes I do not like the recommended movies and other times I like unpopular movies but they end up being great.
user1: you work in mturk
user2: from time to time 
user1: for a moment I thought that this a robot
user2: it difficult to check :)
user1: i understand
user2: but moving to our topic...
user1: In general this movie began in 1990 with Universal Pictures, Paramount Pictures, and New Line Cinema before Marvel Studios reacquired the rights in 2005.
user2: interesting why in such films bad people are killed at the end... :)
user2: and Stane with his armor fell into the exploding reactor...
user2: probably we can finish our conversation...
user1: maybe
user1: all full
user1: Marvel put the project into production as its first self-financed film, with 20th Century Fox as its distributor.
user2: thank you for conversation...
user2: bye
user1: than to you

conversation:
user1: Hello,
user2: Hi
user1: Have You seen any good movies recently ?
user2: Yeah
user2: Have you seen Iron Man?
user1: ...a while ago... I hardly remember it. Did You liked it ?
user2: Yeah, I remember I liked it as a kid.
user1: What did You like the most about it ?
user2: I liked Robert Downey Jr, in it.
user2: I also liked Jeff Bridges.
user1: oh yeah, they both are pretty cool... how was the acting ?
user2: Pretty fine, I thought the action was great.
user1: Any specific scenes ? or just in general ?
user2: All the scenes in general were pretty well directed action scenes.
user1: How was the plot ?  I don't remember what was that part exactly about...
user2: Jon Favreau is a pretty good action director.
user1: I think it's a first time I'm hearing his name... :)
user2: The plot is basically about Tony Stark, a billionaire who builds an advanced exoeskeleton for himself after a war accident.
user1: oh... is he successful ? All goes smoothly ?
user2: More or less, it is a rather faithful comic adaptation.
user1: oh nice. I always appreciate that. Any hot chicks ?
user2: Gwyneth Paltrow is pretty hot in this.
user1: aha :) Now I want to see that movie again :) What else good about this title ?
user2: The special effects were good, at least for its time.
user1: oh yeah - I hope those were on decent level !
user1: How is the rating ? Does it have good ratings ?
user2: It has a 94% on Rotten Tomatoes.
user1: That's pretty high.... do You agree with it ?
user2: Yeah, I think It's a fair score.
user1: ok, i think we're done here.
user1: nice talking to You !
user2: Thanks, bye.
user1: b

conversation:
user2: Hi! So how did you like Iron Man?
user1: I just started, please give me a second, please.
user1: It was very amazing how Tony made his exoskeleton! 
user2: Agreed. He was a genius inventor! Was he your favorite character?
user1: Friday did good at hiding her feeling for Tony and he did not notice.  He was not my favorite due to that piece.
user2: I understand. I didn't really have a favorite as I liked them all but Downey Jr's portrayal of Tony Stark and Iron Man was perfect. I also enjoyed Jeff Bridges as Obadiah Stane. He was the perfect villain!
user1: That he was.  I felt as though he was the tony I have always read about.  The villain had me sitting on the edge of my seat.
user2: Agreed. So did you feel the score of  A that Cinemascore gave the film was appropriate?
user1: Yes,  It was all put together well.  Do you think it was a military thriller?
user2: In all honesty, I've always referred to it as a superhero film but I do see how it could be seen as a military thriller based on the fact that Stark Industries was the chief weapons manufacturer for the military!
user1: It was a good crossover.  I can see both in it.  It was a good adult direction for the movie to go into so we did not feel like a singalong was going to come on screen.
user2: So true! Did you enjoy the Jericho missile demonstration in the beginning? It was exciting but it took a turn for the worst when their convoy was ambushed!
user1: That was not my favorite part.  I knew it would happen somehow, but kinda wished I was watching after that event happened.  I assume he wished he knew that the missile worked another way.
user2: I know what you mean. I thought it was sad to see Stark critically wounded by one of his company's own weapons. So what did you think of the imprisonment scene in the cave?
user1: You have to have a villain.  They were kinda nice about letting him get his wound treated and not killing him or letting him die.
user2: Agreed. I'm glad Yinsen was there to implant the electromagnet into Tony's chest to keep the shrapnel from reaching his heart. 
user1: It was a great test of his armor to fly to Afghanistan without a shorter first test flight.  Should he have revealed his secret identity to Rhodes?
user2: I think he did the right thing by revealing his identity because it ended the attack. No telling what would have happened if he hadn't! It was all worth it though to save those innocent villagers!
user1: Having a love interest like Potts comes in handy when asking to do an illegal activity like hacking into a database and not be turned in instead.
user2: Agreed. It was justified as well. I was surprised to find out Stane hired Ten Rings to kill Tony. He was Tony's mentor and friend!
user1: That was a horrible way to reveal the unexpected turn in the plot.
user2: So true! Thankfully Ten Rings reneged on Stane! I enjoyed seeing SHIELD in the film! 
user1: I thought Shane was nice until he takes the arc reactor from Stark's Chest.  Good thing Tony had a the original for backup.
user2: I know, right? Thankfully Stark was able to get to the original to replace it! Stane and State's fight was epic! Did you enjoy their battle?
user1: Yeah, it was action-packed. I wonder why SHIELD could not handle a man in armor though?  I thought that they were supposed to deal with that kind of thing better than a rich playboy Stark.  It is good he defies suggestions from SHIELD for everyone's sake.
user2: Yeah going against their suggestions and admitting he was Iron Man was a huge surprise!
user1: Hey, now they know.  Now he can maybe donate money to the charity Iron Man once he creates it.  It would help fund it and be a great tax deduction. 
user1: With thrilling entertainment, 20 min goes to past an hour quickly.
user2: Very true! I really thought Jon Favreau did a great job directing this film!
user2: Well I enjoyed discussing the 2008 superhero movie Iron Man with you! Have a great day!
user1: That he did.  Goodby and it was good to talk to you.

conversation:
user2: Hey!
user1: Hi
user1: What movie are we talking about today?
user2: So, are you into superhero movies?
user1: Some of them
user2: Oh! it's Marvel's Iron Man
user1: I haven't seen that one. Is it good?
user2: it's great, actually
user2: I've seen it a few times
user2: and it's decent
user2: it's a decent superhero movie
user2: the plot was well-though out, and the origin story was really decent
user2: and the cast, of course, was solid
user1: who is in the movie
user2: I mean, Robert Downey Jr. hands down
user1: who directed it?
user2: it was directed by Jon Favreau
user1: Oh, i like him.
user1: did it get good reviews?
user2: it couldn't get better LOL
user1: i really like the movie chef that he directed
user2: it got 94% on Rotten tomatoes
user1: really?! 100%?
user1: oh thats pretty good 
user1: what year did it come out?
user2: yeah, that very good
user2: 2008
user2: which impressive
user1: who are the other characters?
user2: which is*
user2: right! there's Gwyneth Paltrow, who plays Pepper Potts
user2: great casting choice
user1: i know nothing about the comic book but she is a good actress
user1: what is the story line?
user2: there's the legendary Jeff Bridges as the villain Obadiah Stane
user2: Oh! the story line
user2: well, Tony Stark is a genius billionaire and a playboy hahaha
user2: he inherited from his father a huuuuuge company, Stark Industries
user1: oh yeah, i think i know a little bit about it
user1: stark industries made his suit
user2: you should give it a watch
user2: no, he actually made it himself when he was captivated by a terrorist group

conversation:
user2: Hello! What movies have you watched recently? 
user1: iron man
user1: i like that kind of movie
user2: Did you like it? 
user1: yes of course  
user2: What rating would you give it, out of ten? 
user1: i will gave 9 out of ten
user2: That's a good rating! 
user2: What is it about? 
user1: DEFINITELY BECAUSE THAT IS WONDERFUL MOVIE
user2: I haven't seen it. What kind of movie is it? 
user1: WHAT YOU DOSENT
user1: SEEN THAT MOVIE BEFORE
user1: HEY THAT  IS A AMAZING MOVIE
user2: No, I've never seen it. What it is about? 
user2: Is it a comedy? A documentary? 
user2: We need to finish this conversation. 
user2: What is the movie about? 
user1: THAT IS NOT A COMEDY FILM
user1: THAT MOVIE RELISING YER 2008
user1: DIRECTOR JON FAVREAU
user2: Okay, but that's not answering my question. What is the movie about? 
user2: What genre is it? 
user1: BASED ON THE MARVEL COMICS CHARACTER OF SAME NAME
user1: GENRE IS SUPERHERO
user2: Oh, a superhero movie? 
user2: I don't read comics. 
user2: IronMan is the superhero? 
user2: What are his super powers? 
user1: IS IRONMAN IS THE SUPERHERO
user1: WHY YOU DONT READ COMICS
user2: Who does he save? 
user2: I'm not interested in comics. 
user1: HE SAVE PUBLIC 
user2: Was he born with his super powersr? 
user1: NO 
user1: HE WAS NOT BORN WITH HIS SUPER POWERS

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hey yo
user2: Whadup
user2: Cool movie right
user1: Just reading this paragraph
user1: v dope movie
user1: So do you know what we're supposed to do?
user2: yeah, just let me know how you found this movie
user2: me for example I loved Roberts character
user1: I found the special effects to be top-notch
user2: I agree, the CG was pretty ncie for the year 2008
user1: Honestly, I think Gwyneth Paltrow could have done a better job with her character 
user2: I agree
user2: Favreau was funny though
user2: also the part when Tony got locked up in the terrorist base, and woke up plugged in to the electrical heart
user1: I agree. 
user1: Yeah, I think the plot was very exciting 

conversation:
user1: Hello,
user2: Hi! 
user1: have you watched the movie?
user2: I am not sure, what is the name of the movie?
user1: Iron Man
user2: what characters are in the movie?
user1: it is on the top left corner
user1: super hero movie
user1: 2008 it says it came out
user2: I cannot see the document about the movie, only you can. 
user2: The movie sounds interesting. 
user2: So it came out 10 years ago? 
user1: yeah it was the first super hero movie that came out
user1: with robert downey jr as the main actor
user2: Does he play a good guy or bad guy?
user1: He is the good guy
user2: who is the bad guy?
user1: a genius, billionare and playboy
user2: is the movie just robert downey jr trying to defeat the bad guy?
user1: yeah more or less
user1: he invents these new technology that allows him to transform
user1: into Iron Man
user2: that sounds pretty interesting. 
user2: So there's like an Iron Man suit that he wears?
user1: yeah, he was held captive and the only way to survive is through it
user2: Oh, that sounds like it would be cool to watch 
user2: Are there other main characters besides the good guy and the bad guy?
user1: once he returns home he makes the suit which is powered by the suit
user1: the bad guy is another contractor for the army 
user2: So basically the suit helps him be strong enough to fight the bad guy? 
user1: which wants to defeat stark industries and with the army contracts
user1: it makes him almost invincible for common man
user1: the reviews for the movie are very good
user2: So the bad guy wants to win the Army contracts? 
user1: yeah, that is the idea behind the development of the weapons and suits
user1: modern technology for the armie
user1: army
user2: I think I have seen this movie. Have you seen the movie?

conversation:
user1: Love these comic book movies. Little bit of a nerd.
user2: Nice, they're a fun watch.
user1: I've never hated a Robery Downey Jr. movie, he's great.
user2: He certainly adds to any movie that he's in, never makes a movie worse
user1: Even the critics agree. Look at that Rotten Tomatoes score.
user2: Yeah, they do think that, on the whole, the movie is good.
user2: the metacritic score seems a bit lower, but i think that is because the tomatoes score just says everyone thinks it's at least okay, which it is
user1: Yeah, I'm actually a bit surprised.
user2: I thought it was rated a little higher than that when it came out
user1: True, I bet it fell off over the years. I still love this movie.
user2: It's one of my favorite superhero movies too
user1: That whole scene there, where he's captured, is one of the best parts of the movie.
user2: that is one of the more different sets of interactions in recent comic book movie memory
user1: They say the greatest innovations come in the times of greatest desperation.
user1: And he innovated the crap out of that situation.
user2: haha true, necessity leads to innovation
user1: This series of events was pretty intense too.
user2: Yeah, glad I watched the movie already, this is the whole movie1
user2: !
user1: I'm pretty sure thats the first time we see the lovable Agent Phil Coulson in a Marvel movie.
user2: I wonder when he's going to be in a new movie
user1: Not soon enough. He's been on that TV series forever, right?
user1: Stane was a solid villain.
user1: I like the impoverished genius from Russia back story.
user1: Their suits made this last scene so great. Especially for the time it was made.
user2: yeah
user2: i never liked that show that much
user2: to be honest
user1: Nah, it's pretty low quality. Acting kinda sucks.
user2: the budget is tiny compared to the movies so i can see why
user2: I do think that the 1 on 1 fight in iron man
user2: was way better than just having 50 suits fighting 1000 robots
user2: or whatever happens in all the other movies
user2: haha
user1: agree 100%
user1: where start makes a mini army of them or something
user1: Stark*
user2: Yeah, they just throw away plot and add cgi money
user1: I also love how it all comes down to sweet little Pepper Potts to end it all.
user2: haha because she has the special dna now
user1: ha yup
user2: i don't know how they expect us to be able to talk about these single paragraphs
user2: for an hour or something
user1: That very last scene where he announces hes Iron Man got me so hyped for the next one.
user1: I think we were typing the wrong stuff
user2: no, i think they just expect a lot from us
user2: I guess we can finish the conversation now?
user2: I do hope that your week is a good one
user1: think we needed to focus more on specific things detailed in the scenes
user1: im not sure we are done yet. one sec
user2: Well, you covered the part at the press conference, which is one of the better scenes
user1: right now i think that is 2 complete exchanges between us about this scene
user1: so
user1: we need one more
user2: well
user1: that scene description is so damn vague
user2: I think the part where stane dies
user2: makes it so he has no chance for redemption
user2: but i guess that's not what iron man is really about when dealing with his enemies
user1: Very true, its weird how they usually let the villain live to see another day.
user2: I think it's an important lesson
user2: and modern movies seem more keen on having them destroy non-living things because it's less controversial all around
user1: oof
user1: this was agony.

conversation:
user2: Hello what is the movie called?
user1: The movie is called Ironman
user2: Is the movie an action movie?
user1: Yes, it is about a superhero
user2: Is the movie long?
user1: I'm not sure what the length of the movie is
user2: Okay what is the plot of the movie?
user1: Robert Downey Jr plays Tony Stark, who is an inventor, a genius and a playboy CEO. He is a superhero based on the Marvel comics character Ironman
user2: Is this movie new?
user1: It is from 2008, but it looks really interesting and exciting
user2: Who is the main character?
user1: The main character is Tony Stark/Ironman, played by Robert Downey Jr
user2: Does it have good reviews or can you not tell?
user1: Yes, most reviewers really enjoyed it, praising its special effects and sets and its reality
user2: Has it won any awards?
user1: I'm not sure if it's won any awards, but it certainly should have
user2: Is there a villain or protagonist in the movie?
user1: Yes, a character named Raza, from a terrorist group, and Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes, played by Jeff Bridges, who is Tony Stark's friend. He later turns on him
user2: Is there going to be a sequal or part 2 or is this a stand alone movie?
user1: I'm not sure if there's a sequel or a continuation but it sounds like they left room for one.
user2: Does it have a happy ending?
user1: I'm not sure. It probably has a suspenseful ending, leaving room for a continuation
user2: Would you recommend this movie?
user1: Yes, definitely. It seems action-packed and suspenseful and exciting
user2: Awesome 
user1: I agree!
user2: Anything else I should know about the movie?
user1: Not really. I think we covered just about everything
user2: great

conversation:
user2: Hey!
user1: Hi, how are you today?
user2: I'm great, how're you?
user1: I am doing good. Thanks.
user2: so, are u into superhero movies?
user1: I am. How about you?
user2: pretty much
user1: Did you watch Iron Man?
user2: but lately, I don't really get into a movie, unless it has something different
user2: like Logan, for instance
user2: Oh! yes, I did watch Iron Man
user2: and it was great
user2: it was a decent superhero movie
user2: did u watch it?
user1: Yes, better than the ones coming out recently?
user1: Yes, I watched it when it came out.
user1: 2008 Genre Superhero Director Jon Favreau
user2: Jon Favreau is a genius
user1: It has a Rotten Tomatoes of 94% and average of 7.7/10
user2: do u agree with that rating?
user1: I would give it  a 80%.
user1: You?\
user2: yeah, I would give it around 80% or less
user2: it's decent, but it's not great
user1: Iron Man is a 2008 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
user2: I mean, come on!
user2: The Dark Knight has 98% hahahaha
user1: I know that' way to high.
user1: Cast Rober Downy Jr. as Tony Stark/Iron Man
user2: that was a perfect casting choice, to be honest
user1: Tony Stark a billionaire who inherited the defense contractor in Afghanistan.
user1: Critical Response "expansively entertaining special effects extravaganza" with "fresh engery and stylistics polish".
user1: Did you watch the 2nd and 3rd film as well?
user2: I watched the 2nd one only
user1: TBH I only watched the first one.
user2: which is ur favorite scene
user1: There are way too many superhero movies coming out all the time.
user1: I am not sure, it has been a while since I watched it. Which one is your favorite scen?
user2: When he escaped the cave of the terrorists
user1: Yes, that's a good part of the movie. 
user1: Anyway, nice chatting. Have a good day.
user2: Oh! thanks

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: Hi
user2: have you seen the movie iron man before ?
user1: We are reviewing iron man today
user1: Have you seen it
user2: yeah iron man today.  I have seen this movie its such a great movie 
user1: Yes me too such a great super hero movie 
user1: Stars are good in it 
user2: Cinema score rated this an A thats pretty good 
user1: It’s a 2008 superhero movie can’t belive it’s that old 
user2: I was just thinking the same thing .  It feels like it came out recently but its pretty old now
user1: Yes 94 percent average 
user2: What was your favorite scene from the movie ?
user1: When he is captured in the cave 
user2: that was a good scene 
user1: Robert Downey jr plays tony stark he was good in this 
user1: It had really good special effects too
user2: yeah his acting in this movie was very good 
user2: Yeah this movie for being so old was such a good special effects film 
user1: The director is Jon favreau not too familiar with his work though
user2: I dont think i have heard of him before either besides reading his name today 
user1: Terrance Howard plays tony starks friend I am not sure I remember him ?
user2: I kind of remember him ,  he was a pretty good actor in this film 
user1: I do remember gwenthy Paltrow’s character she was good in this as wel 
user2: I dont remember him 
user2: I just noticed rotten tomatoes rated this 94 % thats pretty good
user1: Yeah 94 percent is good overall for a movie 
user1: It’s family
user2: Now days you dont see very high ratings for superhero movies 
user1: It’s a good movie for the kids as well as the adults 
user2: yeah i agree 

conversation:
user1: Hello!  That movie was awesome!\
user2: Hi I absolutely agree I love the whole Iron Man franchise
user1: Isn't Robert Downey, Jr. the greatest?
user2: Yes he for sure is a great actor love pretty much all of his movies
user1: Gwyneth Paltrow was pretty good, too.
user2: yeah she's decent
user2: I like all of these Marvel superhero movies
user1: The critics' ratings were fair.
user2: yeah i'm suprised usually rotten tomato's is not very kind
user1: Don't know why Metacritic only gave it 79/100, they must be mad at Downey about something!
user2: yeah probably didn't like his father or something
user2:  his dad wasn't that good of an actor
user1: I love the part where he's laying on the table in the terrorist's cave.
user2: in his tin can suit that he makes with scrap metal
user2: hopefully they keep making more Iron Mans
user1: Raza was evil, they did a pretty good job showing how terrorists treat their prisoners, don't you think?
user2: Yes I do think they did a fine job with that
user1: It was kind of a giveaway, he couldn't die that early in the movie.
user2: right they never kill off the good guy in the beginning of a movie
user2: I think that Tarrence Howard did well playing Rhodes in the movie too
user1: That was pretty awesome when the F-22's were firing at him.
user2: yeah I enjoyed that scene a lot 
user2: I feel this is one movie that probably won't ever need a reboot
user1: They can make as many as they want and I will still keep watching them.
user2: yes same here I even look forward to seeing him in the new infinity war movies coming out
user1: Arms trafficking always makes for a good plot.
user2: yes for sure I would agree on that
user2: did you see all of the iron mans?
user1: No.  Just this one.
user2: that's probably for the best the first is usually the best
user1: It had a pretty good ending, on top of the Stark Industries building, two robocops duking it out.
user2: yes that was a good ending the director did a great job
user1: wonder how much scientific truth is behind the arc reactor powering his suit.
user1: It seems like science fiction always comes true down the road a ways.
user2: probably something that will happen at some point in the future
user1: Well it's been great chatting with you!
user2: usually you see that a lot in movies from 30 years ago

conversation:
user2: Hi
user2: ?
user1: Hello! I've just seen Iron Man for the first time. Do you like super hero movies?
user2: Sometimes!
user2: I liked the Spiderman reboot
user2: Who stars in Iron Man?
user1: Robert Downey Jr. is Tony Stark, the alter-ego of the super hero Iron Man. I really think Robert Downey Jr. is perfect for the role; he's a great 'everyman' just like Tony Stark.
user2: Who else stars?
user2: The movie is based on a comic?
user1: Gweyneth Paltrow is the sexy assistant/love interest. Terrence Howard is an Air Force weapons developer. And Jeff Bridges makes an appearance as Tony Stark's Judas after he betrays him and tries to force him out of his own company.
user2: Haha
user2: Great cast!
user2: Rotten Tomatoes score?
user1: The movie was based on Stan Lee's comics from the 60s! They really did a good job updating it.
user1: 94%! Can you believe it? It really was the start of the big super hero trend.
user2: Wow amazing
user2: what was your favorite scene?
user1: The beginning of the movie when Tony Stark realizes his first idea of the 'Iron Man' was absolutely wicked. Watching him shred terrorists apart while shirking off bullets and even an RPG was intense.
user2: Why does he transform into Iron Man?
user1: Tony Stark is ambushed and kidnapped by terrorists in the desert of Afghanistan. While captured one of the prisoners with him implants an electromagnet in him to save him from shrapnel. Tony Stark pretends he will build these terrorists a missile but, unbeknownst to them, he actually creates a super solder suit.
user2: That's insane!
user2: I didn't realize he was implanted with an electromagnet
user2: Who directed the film?
user1: Jon Favreau directed this film. He has directed a lot of Marvel's super hero movies.
user2: Oh man, that guy does it all
user2: He's also an actor,, I remember seeing him on Friends back in the day
user1: Any genre too! Elf was one of my favories of all time.
user2: I had no idea he directed Elf
user2: Wow
user2: When did Iron Man come out?
user1: Iron Man released in 2008. It really doesn't feel like a decade. The movie really holds up.
user2: Any sequels?
user1: There have been 2 official sequels, Iron Man 2 and Iron Man 3. Tony Stark has also appeared in other Marvel movies.
user2: What other movies?
user1: Avengers! Robert Downey Jr. is great for comic relief in those. I'm excited for Infinity War.
user2: That's cool
user2: Is this a Marvel film?
user1: Yes, this is supposed to be the epitome of the comic book genre come to the screen. It will tie up story lines from many separate franchises within their cinematic universe.
user2: Anything else to share about the film?
user1: They almost had Tom Cruise play Iron Man! I think that would've been awful.
user1: Test

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hello friend
user1: What's the name of the movie?
user2: let's talk about the "iron man" today
user1: What genre of movie is it?
user2: It's a Super Hero movie 
user1: Sounds good. Is there an age restriction on the movie>
user1: ?
user2: I can't tell but i don't think so
user2: it was made in 2008
user2: the movie stars Robert Downey 
user1: Is it an animated movie or is it with real actors?
user2: It is not an animation, let me run you through the cast
user1: cool. was it rated well on Imdb/ rotten tomato
user2: Robert Downey, Terrence Howard, Jeff Bridges, Shaun Toub and Gwyneth Paltrow all starred in the movie
user1: that's a pretty good cast
user2: Yeah, It gets a 94% on rotten tomatoes
user2: Average of 7.7/10
user1: great. do you know how long the movie is?
user2: 79/100 from metacritic 
user1: impressive scores.
user2: I don't really know the run time but I guess it should be a typical run time for an average movie
user2: it was directed by Jon Favreau
user2: downey got wounded on a test rocket propelled grenade
user2: he also got captured and imprisoned in a cave by a terrorist group
user2: His abductors offered to release him in exchange for him building for them a Jericho Missile

conversation:
user2: Hi! What movie will we talk about?
user1: Hey, we're talking about Iron Man
user2: Ok, great. Who is in it?
user1: It has Robert Downey Jr, Jon Favreau (who also directed), Gwyneth Paltrow and Terrance Howard.
user2: Cool. Do you have any information about the plot?
user1: It's based off of the Marvel comic book hero, a master engineer who builds himself an exoskeleton suit. He then uses it to be a "super hero".
user2: Do you know what the reviews are like?
user1: It's regarded as a good movie and well-liked by fans. Critics seem to like it as well, with a Metacritic score of 79/100. 
user2: Sounds like a pretty good movie! 
user2: Have you seen it yourself?
user1: I have seen it. I think it's pretty good. And a good start of the whole giant Marvel franchise.
user2: Yeah, I always heard that it was one of the better superhero movies out there
user2: There are two sequels, right?
user1: Yes, two sequels to the Iron Man series. And he's in the other Marvel movies as well. 
user1: In the new document I'm given, it describes the beginning of the movie. Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr) is at a weapons demonstration when he gets ambushed and abducted. He's taken to a hideout in a cave of a terrorist group. A fellow captive who is a doctor saves his life by implanting an electro magnet into Stark's chest to keep shrapnel from killing him. 
user2: Oh, and that is how he becomes a superhero?
user1: Yea, that's "Iron Man's" origin story, how Tony gets the glowing circle on his chest, why he needs it the rest of his life. 
user2: What role does Jon Favreau play? I know he has been in some of his other movies he's directed
user1: He's Tony's assistant and friend. It's not a major role. 
user2: Cool, it sounds like an interesting movie
user2: I will have to check it out!
user2: Thank you for your information, have a great day!
user1: You too!
user1: Hope you like it

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: Hello
user1: Have you seen Iron Man
user2: I have seen Iron Man.
user1: Did you like it
user2: I did like it.  It was a great movie.  I thoroughly enjoyed it.
user1: I know it was! I love how Robert Downey Jr. acts
user1: his just too funny
user2: He is very good actor.  He is indeed very funny.  It is funny how he uses his wit whenever he is making conversation and trying to relay his point or his ideas.
user2: What is your favorite part of the movie?
user1: Yeah, he portrays a great image
user1: just doesnt care what people think about them
user1: my favorite part is when Tony is captive by the Ten Rings leader
user1: Raz
user1: Raza
user2: That was a very good part.  It is funny how he uses his mind when he overcome problems that he is faced with in the movie.
user1: Yeah it is! it was a tough one to get out of
user1: what was your favorite part?
user2: My favorite part is when he is in the cave trying to come up with the equipment to make his prototype iron man suit.  It was a beginning to something greater and more profound for him.
user2: I tell you I liked Jeff Bridges role in the movie as well.
user1: That was a great part! I also liked it, 
user1: and he was a cool supervillain, 
user1: what  do you think about the reviews of the movie
user2: I thought the reviews of the movie were good.  I believe that in light of the rotten tomatoe scores today, it probably would have been significantly higher.  I am not sure what the rotten tomatoe score was then, but I know today that it would been higher in light of all of the other super hero movies that have come out since.
user2: What part did you dislike the most about the movie?
user1: Yeah, I think CinemaScore is accurate, 
user1: I disliked the actor that plays James Rhodes
user1: I think the new actor is better for the part
user1: and didnt like the one from the first part
user2: Well, I am not very familiar with CinemaScore rating system.  Well, I do agree about the acting choice for James Rhodes.  I do like Don Cheadle in the role better than Terrance Howard. I believe that Terrence Howard is a great actor but that particular role probably was not meant for him in particular.  I would say definitely aces for Don Cheadle in the role for War Machine going forward which is great.
user1: Did you like the director of the film?
user1: What do you think of Jon Favreay
user1: Favreau*
user2: I know for me as far as dislikes in the movie.  I did not like the idea that Tony was captured in the middle of the movie and then forced to use his mental prowess to overcome the escape. I guess that that part was bittersweet for me.
user2: Oh, Tony's sidekick, Jon Favreau.  I thought that he was great.  It is funny I can remember him specifically from Iron Man 2 but my memory in the first one is a little sketchy.  But I am not sure that he did a great job.  He is a good actor.  He always has Tony's back.
user1: Oh I thought you liked that part!
user1: I  meant the Director of the movie lol Jon Favreau
user1: I think the movie has good special effects considering it came out on 2008
user1: and its the first Avengers movie
user2: The director of the movie is also the one how played the role of Tony's side kick in Iron Man 2.  The special effects were first rate back then.  They did a great job in the process.
user1: I didnt know! thats a great fact, 
user2: That is true.  It is considered as many people would say the first Avengers movie because it is a part of the Phase One process for Marvel back then.  It is amazing how they are on the third phase of the process with the new Avengers movie coming out in the next couple of months.
user1: Yeah, it is! I love the other Marvel movies
user1: a lot of good tittles 
user1: all starting with Iron Man
user2: Well, thank you.  Jon Favreau have been around for quite some time.  He is a great actor as well as a great director.
user2: I saw that you had left.  Are you coming back?   Or is that the end?  Please advise.

conversation:
user1: Did you like Robert Downey Jr. as Iron Man?
user2: I did!  I thought he played the role flawlessly.  Can you believe that this movie came out in 2008?
user1: I thought he was a great choice for the character and I couldn't imagine anyone doing a better job. What about you?
user1: Yeah seems like just yesterday to me.
user2: He was superb!  Do you think that he played the role well enough to make if feel like his character could actually play out in every day life?
user1: I really enjoyed watching Jeff Bridges too. Been far too long since he'd gotten a really good role. He's awesome.
user1: Yeah, I could see Iron Man being a real person. Wish I could be him!
user2: He is awesome.  Always can add a flare.  How do you feel Gwyneth Paltrow played Pepper Pots?
user1: Ah, Pepper Pots. She did well. I could see other actresses doing just as good a job but overall I enjoyed her performance as well.
user2: The movie even got great critic reviews.  
user1: As was deserved!
user1: Anything in particular that you disliked?
user2: Not really?  I am not the biggest superhero movie fan.  Although, this movie I truly liked.  It kept you at the edge of your chair.  What about you?
user1: I can't remember anything that I disliked.
user1: It's strange to say that because I enjoy Superhero movies alot and I've watched them all and can be very critical at times. But this movie is almost flawless.
user2: Wow- thorough critic!  Had a good perception of the movie.  Wouldn't you agree?
user1: From start to finish you're engaged and you get a sense that Iron Man is human and has flaws but it's fun to see him overcome them, while keeping his sense or humor and spunk. 
user1: of*
user2: I do also think that director did give the movie a military theme.  It kinda had a strict undertone
user1: Also the CG was amazing!!!
user1: Yes the military presence is there. Didn't detract from the film imo though.
user2: I was also impressed how real the movie seemed.  Very good CG.  It made you believe that Iron man was something someone could truly create.  
user1: Yes it did. I agree with you.
user2: The movie had such an intriguing story line.  
user2: I compare Tony Stark to Elon Musk!  LOL
user1: Yes, and I feel it's hard to have intriguing story lines when it comes to superhero movies.
user1: Haha yeah Ole Musky could def be a Tony Stark in real life!
user2: I don't think I became bored at all during the movie.  Such a unique plot.  
user1: Interesting comparison. Both super smart, geniuses with lots of money and power. 
user1: If you could be Tony Stark would you?
user2: Heck yes!  What about you?  To have that power to better the world would be a magnificent gift!
user1: While I'd most definitely say yes and I agree with your previous statement I can't help but think it would be incredibly hard to live his life.
user2: Do you think they made the plot believable that a human could unleash a massive electrical surge on towards someone else?
user1: Not only does he have a huge responsibility now but after the shards made their way into his body he is constantly reminded that he could die at any moment. 
user1: You mean the EMP? that's possible already...
user1: I feel compelled to ask you if you're real or AI?
user2: I am real
user1: I am real
user1: Is Tony Stark real?
user2: Do you think someone could build a suit like Tony starks?
user2: No....
user1: No, not yet but maybe one day. Do you?
user2: Maybe one day.  Maybe not to the level that his is though. 
user1: Yeah highly doubt it too.
user1: Been a pleasure! Have a great rest of your day real AI person or user. :)
user2: Do you think Tony Stark made a good move admitting he is Iron Man to the public?
user1: Yes, good move!
user2: Same to you.  I am most Def.  a person
user2: A mturker!
user1: I believe you, same here!
user1: Haha Later

conversation:
user2: Good morning
user1: Good morning 
user2: Have you ever seen the movie 'Iron Man'?
user1: I have not, what is it about?
user2: Well, it is one of those superhero films, based on the comic book character Iron Man.
user2: I honestly have never seen it either. lol
user1: It sounds like it could be fun to see, do you know who plays in it? 
user2: Robert Downey, Jr. plays Tony Stark and Iron Man
user2: Basically a super rich dude that manufactures weapons
user1: I love Robert Downey Jr. 
user1: So Tony Stark is Iron Man?
user2: He crafts a suit that turns him into a superhero
user1: Oh neat! I bet his ability to make weapons helps with making a superhero suit
user2: He is indeed, sort of like a Bruce Wayne/Batman deal
user2: It does, turns him into a living weapon, of sorts
user1: What makes Iron Man different from Batman? Is it just the suit that sets them apart?
user2: In essence, the suit is a powered exoskeleton
user1: oh! neat! who is the bad guy in this movie?
user2: It begins with some stereotypical Islamic villain, but then it transitions to Stark's lieutenant in the company, who aimed to take over while Stark was kidnapped by said Islamists.
user1: Wow, so while Stark was kidnapped his lieutenant was trying to take over the company. Does the lieutenant get control of the company?
user2: No, they fight in the end, and Stark wins
user2: However, the lieutenant arranged for the kidnapping to happen, so that he could take over
user1: What?!! Wow, thats crazy. So does the lieutenant have his own suit? 
user2: He has one made, so that he can fight Stark
user2: It is much larger, and seemingly more powerful
user1: Makes sense, the villians always have the bigger more powerful things.
user1: is there any comic relief in this movie or is it just all fighting 
user2: There are always light hearted moments in movies such as this, but I am not aware of anything specific.
user2: Do you typically go for superhero movies such as this one?
user1: Do you know if they have a romantic plot in the movie? 
user2: Stark and his secretary sort of hit it off
user1: I wonder how the government feels about Iron Man, if hes basically is a weaponize suit I would think they would want to control that.
user2: Well, initially, he supplies the government with weapons
user2: After he creates the suit, the Air Force, not knowing who, or what it was, almost shot him down
user1: Does the Air Force figure out who it is?
user2: He comes clean at the end of the movie at a press conference, and admits that he is the Iron Man
user1: Does anyone figure it out before he comes clean?
user2: His friend in the Air Force knows, but other than that, not really
user1: And his friend at the Air Force keeps his secret the whole time?
user2: Basically

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hello
user2: So the movie I got was Iron Man. You should watch it for Robert Downey Jr. 
user1: I've heard good things, what's it about?
user2: Its about  an genius industrialist that builds a powered exoskeleton and becomes a superhero called Iron Man. 
user1: That sounds cool, so is it an action movie?
user2: Yes. It is essentially an action superhero movie. It looks like it got a 94% score from Rotten Tomatoes and a Cinema Score of an A
user1: They are good scores. Do you know who else is in the movie?
user2: Gwyneth Paltrow is in it. Also Jeff Bridges and Terrence Howard star in the movie, with Bridges being the villain and Howard being a friend of Tony Stark  
user1: Cool, i like those actors, who directed it?
user2: A director names Jon Favreau. There seems to be a lot of positive reviews like how one critic said that the movie was a  "expansively entertaining special effects extravaganza" with " fresh energy and stylistic polish" 
user1: Wow that's a good review! So the movie has great actors and special effects, do you know anything about the music? i'm very interested in film scores
user2: Actually I don't know about the film score but since it was produced by the Marvel Studios and from the great review scores, we can safely assume that the film score is fantastic. 
user1: That's good news, i enjoy the other Marvel movies
user2: When you watch the Iron Movie, I really enjoyed the scene in which Tony Stark was imprisoned in a cave by a terrorist group and was injured heavily. So his fellow captive scientist implants a very cool looking electromagnet into Stark's chest. Do you normally like movies with lots of special effects? 
user1: That sounds like an exciting scene. I do enjoy movies with special effects, and i'm a big fan of most Marvel films
user2: Another good scene from the movie is that Tony Stark actually uses his Iron Man Suit and saves a village in Afghanistan and uses his new awesome weapons. I kind of dislike this scene only because the whole revealing of the superhero has been done to death.
user1: Sounds good, i agree i think they should find new ways to introduce characters
user2: If you're a fan of Marvel Movies, could I assume that you are also a fan of action movies? If so, Iron Man would be the perfect for you. 
user1: Yes i am a big fan of action movies.
user1: I also like comedies, is Iron Man funny in any way?
user2: I believe so, based on the quote from the critic in saying " fresh energy and stylistic polish" 
user2: The movie is really heavy on special effects with a scene in which there's this huge electrical surge that causes the villain and his armor to fall into the exploding reactor and killing him. Do you usually like movies with lots of CGI?  
user2: What really makes Iron Man different is the fact that Tony Stark bluntly says that he is the superhero called Iron Man while other superheros try not to reveal their identity. Isn't it cool?  
user1: I like movies with CGI it's great technology
user1: I like that, i think that must make his character very cool
user1: I think i would be interested in watching this film
user1: Overall it sounds like it has great actors and great visual effects

conversation:
user2: Hello! How are you today?
user1: i AM GOOD AND YOU\
user1: I am good how are you?
user2: I'm doing great. How did you feel about Iron Man?
user1: I liked it alot, I especially liked the effects, and you?
user2: I thought it was fantastic. Truth be told it's the only super hero movie i really enjoyed
user2: Robert Downey JR was made for the role
user1: I especially liked Robert Downey Jr for the part- he really is what I thought Iron man would be like
user2: He just has that sync with the Tony Stark Character
user1: Yes, I agree. I also loved the Iron Man costume- Really well done.
user2: I couldn't tell what was real and cgi on the costume. It was well done. I think the review scores were a bit too low. What did you think?
user1: for a superhero movie I think its pretty high actually
user2: Really? I thought this deserved a solid 8 or 9. 
user1: I normally do not like superhero movies but felt this one had a balance of comedy and action
user1: I can agree with that an 8 seems more of a fitting rating
user2: Ah so you are like me. I think other super hero movies are a bit bland.
user2: This one brought a lot of clever and subtle comedy to it.
user2: What did you think of the Story overall?
user1: I liked it, I found it developed well.
user1: I liked how he changed and the character developed. What was your favorite part or parts of the movie?
user2: I agree, I liked Tony's progression throughout the film. This arrogant guy that thinks he's untouchable only to get kidnapped. I think my favorite part of the film was when he built th suit and got away from the terrorists.
user2: How about yourself?
user1: yeah I was a little confused how he got the power for his heart, power circle thing
user1: I wasnt sure how he was able to create that in that cell
user2: Well he created the arch reactor while in captivity.
user1: ahhh right
user2: it wasn't until he stabilized it that he used it to break out.
user1: they say that movie had a lot of easter eggs for future avenger movies
user1: like spoilers
user2: Yeah, captain America's shield was a big one i actually missed the first time.
user1: i totally missed those parts
user2: Same here, it took a few watches to see everything
user1: Tony Starks reminds me of Elon Musk lol
user2: lmao he does!
user2: 100% agree
user1: i bet he has some superhero type suit that no one knows about - yet
user2: More than likely. The guy is always 10 steps ahead
user1: did you like gweneth paltrow in the movie?
user2: She was pretty good as Potts in my opinion. She grew on me.
user1: yeah at first I just saw her as bland
user1: but later on she was convincing
user2: Yeah, once she got some good lines she was able to keep up.
user2: almost as funny as Robert
user2: they worked well together.
user1: agreed - she held her own in the comedy dept.
user1: yeah they are believable together
user2: Ok I'm gonna head out. Thanks for the chat it was fun!
user1: same here- take care
user2: See ya

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: hello
user1: what movie are we discussing?
user2: iron man
user1: who is in it?
user2: Hi, I'm going to talk to you about iron man
user1: ok that sounds good
user2: this is a movie of genre super heroes
user1: so they have special powers?
user2: It has been widely seen around the world and had good acceptance from the public
user1: ok who are the stars?
user2: Iron Man (titled Iron Man: iron man in Spanish America) is a superhero movie.
user1: I know that you haven't answered any of my questions
user1: who are the actors
user2: Robert Downey Jr. como Tony Stark / Iron Man:
user1: I like Robert Downey Jr
user2: has a broad cast
user2: The film was directed by Jon Favreau, with a screenplay by Stan Lee, Hawk Ostby, Art Marcum and Matt Holloway.
user1: are there special effects?
user2: certainly in many scenes
user1: has it won any wards?
user1: awards sorry
user2: if it is a long list of recognitions for example
user2: oscar
user2: of better visual effects and better sound editing
user1: very interesting
user1: who is the bad guy?
user2: The American Film Institute cataloged it as one of the ten best films of that year 2018
user1: I did not know that it might be worth seeing
user1: did you like it?
user2: yes i course
user2: is excellent
user1: what was your favoriate part?
user2: the end
user2: when fatigue makes you rave
user1: did justice prevvail in the end?
user2: of course as in all movies of this type
user2: is very nice
user2: are you here
user1: yes
user1: who isthebad guy
user1: still with me?
user2: the partner of the company
user2: im here
user1: I don't understand that that means "the partner of the company"
user1: I've replied 15 times so I'm going to end the chat
user2: ok

conversation:
user2: hi
user2: looks like we are doing Iron man today.
user1: Hi this movie was made in 2008
user2: Have you seen it? I like to watch this movie with my son.  It's been a while since i seen it though.
user2: hard to believe it's 10 years old! 
user1: I have not seen it, It has pretty good reviews
user2: it's very good . robert downey did a good job in it
user1: It is based on Marevel comics character
user2: yes it is
user2: there are sequels but the first one is the best in my opinion
user1: Gwenth Paltrow played pepper
user2: Yeah, not a big fan of her in that movie
user1: How was Jeff Bridges
user2: Yes, he is very good in the movie 
user2: i liked his part especially in the end
user1: Ooh playboy Tony Stark, sounds intersting
user2: hahah playboy- i think bc all the ladies wanted him haha
user1: STark was wounded and captured 
user2: yeah, then held hostage some
user1: some futurist stuff implanting a electromagnet in his chest 
user2: yes, sharpnel i think it was of some sort
user1: Stark saves the villagers
user2: yes, he does and i think the other guy helps him do that too
user1: Pepper hacks the database 
user2: pretty good rating scores for this movie too
user1: SHane hired 10 rings to kill Stark
user2: his home was ambushed at that point i think in the movie
user1: STark got his original reactor
user2: he also admits he is iron man too
user1: Stark fights Shane
user2: he does fight him, but they are friends i believe
user2: so i dont think they want to fight
user1: Stane was killed

conversation:
user2: Hi, how are you? I'm going to talk to you about this movie, iron man.
user1: hi I am fine 
user1: and ski love marvel 
user1: are you there?
user2: yes i am
user2: have you ever seen Iron Man
user2: i am here
user1: yes I have, but not all of them 
user2: this movie was a first installment of marvel
user1: okay I haven't seen that one yet
user2: appeared in 2008
user1: what is is about 
user1: is it on DVD
user2: this is a movie of super heroes
user2: was directed by Jon Favreau, with a screenplay by Stan Lee,
user1: what kind of powers does he have 
user1: super strong ?
user2: The plot is based around Tony Stark, an entrepreneur and engineer, who builds a motorized exoskeleton and becomes Iron Man, a technologically advanced superhero.
user1: sound like a good movie 
user2: well yes, it is the iron man is very strong but sarcastico
user1: I love a sarcastic  superhero
user1: where can I watch it 
user2: the best option can be netflix, online sites and blogs about iron man
user2: a technologically advanced superhero.
user2: Iron Man had its premiere in Sydney on April 14, 2008, and in theaters on May 2.he also received generally positive reviews from critics
user1: hello
user2: hi here i am
user2: what do you think about the movie you want to see it at the moment
user2: hello
user2: are you here
user2: tell me about this movie
user2: The movie begins with Anthony "Tony" Stark billionaire businessman and president of Stark Industries visiting soldiers on duty in the Middle East.
user2: are you here
user2: are you here

conversation:
user2: How are you doing today?
user1: I'm good how are you
user2: I am doing very well thanks.
user2: Have you seen any good movies lately?
user1: I've seen Iron man, have you seen any of those?
user2: I don't believe I have.
user2: That's based off a comic right?
user1: Yeah it's a marvel movie
user2: So it's and adventure type movie?

conversation:
user2: Hello?
user1: Hi! Let's watch the movie Iron Man!

conversation:
user1: Hi!
user2: Hey!
user2: are you into superhero movies?

conversation:
user1: Hi, how are you?
user2: Good, Yourself? What do you think about the movie Ironman? 
user1: I'm ok. I liked the movie Iron Man, and I thought the cast was good
user2: Yes, I agree. Robert Downey Jr. as Tony stark was a great pick! 
user1: I agree. And I feel like Jeff Bridges playing the part of a bad guy was a good pick too
user1: I didn't realize the movie got such a good review from Rotten Tomatoes-- I feel like they always rate fairly low
user2: Yes! Thats probably why it got such a great review on rotten tomatoes and metacritic. 
user2: I forgot it was the first marvel movie in the series as well. One the best in my opinion.
user1: I did too. I haven't kept up with most of the newer ones and the whole superhero genre isn't really my thing, but I really liked this one
user2: You dont think having a super powered exoskeleton would be cool!?
user2: The special effects in the movie are very well done as well.
user1: I totally think it would be cool! 
user1: One of my favorite parts of the movie is when the captive doctor invents the magnet to keep the shrapnel from reaching his heart-- it was really nice of him to do that, and genius as well
user2: That was a very interesting part of the movie, I agree. How did it make you feel when he was ambushed and then almost died? I was afraid for Tony!
user1: I agree, that a scary part of the movie. I thought for sure that he was going to die
user1: But at the same time, it was kind of an ironic moment since it was his missile that almost killed him
user2: That is a funny way of thinking, actually! A missle put him there and they he needed to build one to get his freedom back. Would you have trusted Raza and built a missle for him?
user1: Definitely not! I'm sure that even if I were to build the missile that he would kill me anyway, and if he didn't I would still be scared of what his intentions were with the missile. 
user1: It's a terrorist group, they don't have any kind of good intentions in my opinion
user2: I'm with you on that, but he did have shrapnel shards in his chest. It's crazy that Tony stark could build a Jericho missile in such bad shape. Imagine the pain he must have felt.
user1: Yeah... honestly I'm not sure how he moved at all
user2: I loved when Tony saved that village ! g
user2: Great part of the movie. You could start to see he wasnt acting as selfish anymore..
user1: And I would have been really mad to find out someone who I trusted (Stane) was secretly and illegally selling my companies products for profit and planning to overthrow me. 
user1: Yes, I love that the movie goes from him being a somewhat selfish and arrogant billionaire to caring about other people and what happens to them.
user2: I would feel so betrayed. Especially that those weapons can kill so many innocent people. Not only that but he wanted his spot as CEO! I would be so angry.
user1: Yes, and if he had been CEO I can only imagine what kind of havoc would have been unleashed. I'm kind of glad that he died at the end because I don't think there was any bringing his character back
user2: Yeah, when you're at the point of killing so many people for profit I dont think you could come back even if you wanted to.
user2: I liked how for once in a superhero movie he actually let everyone know he was actually iron man. Most of the time the hero hides their identity.
user1: I agree although I somewhat wondered if it was a bit of arrogance showing that he wanted people to know it was him 
user1: Or if he just wanted to get it out there so no one would wonder
user2: You are right. He was one that liked attention and being ironman was probably the best way to get that, and credit for saving everyone. Kinda irritates me in a way. People like that are pretty annoying.

conversation:
user1: I loved the "Iron Man" movie. Have you seen it?
user2: I have! It was great
user2: I was impressed by the CGI
user1: I loved Robert Downey Jr.'s performance as Tony Stark. I almost believed that he really was Iron Man!
user2: He is so believable as iron man!
user2: His attitude is en pointe
user1: He was! It was amazing how he managed to play the character so well despite all of the CGI additions and things he was acting with that weren't really there.
user2: Exactly! He is a great actor!
user2: I do agree that Paltrow was lackluster
user1: I thought that the character was pretty funny personally.
user2: I am not a fan of hers and she comes across as the same in everything she is in lately.
user1: Maybe not exactly what why there going for.
user1: I don't know I hear the name a lot but I hardly know anything she's in. I guess I really tend not to follow actors much.
user2: I loved the scene in the cave where he was held captive
user2: It has an Indiana Jones meets tech feel to if
user2: it
user2: And I thought Terrence Howard was great as Rhodey
user1: Oh yeah that's so true! It does invoke classic movies in several scenes.
user1: Rhodey was a great character as well! I felt like there was a real connection between the two of them.
user2: They had great chemistry, I wish Terrence Howard would return to play that part again
user1: It would be nice. I'm guessing it won't happen though. Either way they'll keep on making money! You know how popular these super hero movies are.
user2: So true!!
user2: I love Coulson's introduction into the series too
user1: Oh yeah! I remember that really well. It was uniquely done.
user2: It will be interesting to see how all of these stories are weaved together within the Marvel Universe
user2: I do remember getting really stressed out during the action scenes and climax of the movie. I get so much anxiety because you care so deeply for Stark at that point.
user1: Yes. I've been very impressed at how tightly woven a story they have going and how everything is related and tied together nicely. It feels so huge and complex!
user2: Will he survive? Will he rebuild?
user1: Of course there'll be a happy ending. There always is.
user2: I love how cocky he is at the end tho!
user2: Like, yeah I'm Iron Man!
user2: No one gonna tell me what to do
user2: hhaahahaha
user1: Though I love those outliers that truly don't have a happy ending.
user1: Yeah he is quite full of himself throughout the whole thing... That part does annoy me a bit.
user2: It is very much the character and part of his fatal flaw at times
user1: Yeah I understand all that :) lol just I really hate people who are full of themselves... Easy to get on my nerves I guess
user2: He could do so much more good if he wasn't as concerned about his pride and being the best/taking all the credit
user2: Oh yeah, in real life I avoid those people lol
user2: But it definitely makes for a good story.
user2: Do you agree with the reviews?
user1: Right. He even with his attitude he does an amazing amount of great deads for the average person of his world.
user2: So true, but he could do so much more
user1: Overall I do think the reviews have it accurately. I wish they would focus a little less on all of the effects and more on the actual story though
user2: I agree
user2: I bet if we watch it now we would laugh at some of the effects!
user1: Probably. It really is hard to believe how much technology has changed over the last few years and how our opinions have changed.
user2: So true!
user1: And just thinking about how amazed we were back at the time,
user2: I know, exactly!! It really is a great film!

conversation:
user1: Hi
user1: Have you seen any movies recently?
user2: yes, i have
user1: Anything good?
user2: I recently watch another comic book movie called Iron man. I was never a big fan of the comic but this movie is awesome
user1: I used to read Ironman when I was a kid. 
user1: Never was too in to the idea much
user1: Who was in the film?
user2: It has some great people in it Robert Downy Jr, Jeff Bridges, and Gwyneth Paltrow are very good in it. It has tons of action and amazing special effects.
user1: computer effects are all the rage in films anymore. Cheap to do I suppose.
user1: I like Downy and Bridges Gwen Is a bit skinny for my tastes though
user1: Is it my imagination or is Downy always the smarty sort of actor? Like he is always mouthong off.
user2: Yeah, some of it has to be. Like you I never was a fan of the comic but I watched it randomly and it did not disappoint. Haha yeah she is twiggy, I prefer a bit more round n curver, but she is a good actress.
user1: I suppose all that blowing up stuff makes up for the poor acting some.
user2: he does act like that a lot but it fits the charecter this time
user1: Jeff B is looking pretty old these days.
user1: He was the bad guy in the film I think
user2: Yeah explosions are awesome. 
user1: Explosions are great when nothing is really blowing up too. lol
user2: it was weird seeing bridges play that role that but he so underated. 
user1: I liked Jeff is lots of other films. But playing the major bad guy is something very different I think.
user2: Yeah, never good to see real life violence. One thing that threw me off was that it started in a terrorist cave that ends with some america at its finest
user1: I will have to see the film I guess. Sounds good so far
user1: It made Stan Lee even richer too lol
user1: Stan always has a cameo part in these films. Do you recall what he was in Ironman?
user2: yeah, i cant think of any other films were he is the straight up bad guy. he's a great actor, even without that evil look, he does great
user2: I must have missed that
user1: In one film Stan was a bar tender. In anothe I saw he was a man 0on the street looking up.
user1: It must be in his contract with the studios. In addition to lots of moola.
user1: What else can you tell me about this film?
user2: haha man on street looking up. yeah he makes the big bucks from royalities I suppose. 
user1: Stans Marvel comics was at rock bottom before he sold some film rights. Now he is a household name almost
user1: The only thing I never liked about Stans stories is they always want you to see the "morals" behind the story. Most people could not care less about that though
user2: Its like actually good, it has its usual marvel good vs bad but it has some heavy aspects like tony stark is kind of a drunk in the movie or has some substance issue. Downy has some thing like that.
user1: Downy is a drug user in real life too. Was busted some years ago and went to rehab.
user2:  I dont know social issues are important. I mean explosions, battles and the like are great but they all have effetcs
user1: Stark was never a drink in the comic boks as far as I recall
user2: I didnt think so
user1: Something I always wondered about is what happened to all the citizens inside the buildings that got blown up and fell in the streets full of people? Some morals there. lol
user2: I think that was added in possibly. is he an advocate for reform or treatment?
user2: it only kills the bad guys of course
user1: I think Downys court deal was he had to talk and set a good example for awhile
user2: the good citizens and hero are spared by freak coinciednces
user1: HArd to blow up big stuff without killing everything in sight though lol
user1: Real life is so much more messy
user2: true
user1: We have been at this a good while you want to wind things up ?
user2: but you cant kill women and children out to play in the park from the evil doers
user1: too true
user2: sure
user1: have a goodun
user1: bye
user2: later
user2: later

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi!
user2: Did you watch SuperHero
user1: I did watch Iron Man.
user1: I liked it quite a bit, did you?
user2: Yeah, great movie
user1: Which was your favorite actor/actress?
user2: Well ofcourse iron man
user2: He is smart, rich with so cool inventions
user2: I like marvel moviea
user2: You?
user1: I agree. He was really funny in his role too.
user1: It was interesting to see how he created his first iron man suit.
user2: And that electromagnet on his chest
user2: Look scary
user1: Yeah, I bet it was painful.
user1: I wish I had money like him and Batman hahaha
user2: Raza actor was good too
user2: As actor
user2: Yeah who wouldnt :D
user2: That scene with F22 raptors is realy nice
user1: It's crazy that the main bad guy worked for Stark Industries. That would be sad to have a family friend try to kill you!
user2: It teaches yoi to always watch your back, even to family :ap
user1: Yeah, I am glad I don't work for a big company like that.
user2: Did you watch it in cinema
user1: I can't remember, it's been a while. I know we eventually bought it for DVD.
user2: Movie is full of ambushes, everyone ambushing each other xD
user2: I would like to say i am Iron Man :)
user1: Yeah, I really like the idea of S.H.I.E.L.D. But it's just too dangerous.\
user1: I wish I were Iron man too
user2: The electrical surge was cool
user1: And I can't believe he told the whole world at the end that he IS Iron Man.
user2: He had to, pushed to do it
user1: Do you typically like watching super hero movies?
user2: Yeah, we will talkmore later
user2: Was nice to talk to you
user2: Bye

conversation:
user2: Hi, can you tell me the name of the movie?
user1: Iron Man
user2: Hi, can you tell me the name of the movie?and who is the main actor?
user1: Robert Downey Jr.
user2: What do you think of this film?
user1: I liked it. Rotten tomatoes has it at 94%.
user2: What do you mean, rotten tomatoes?
user1: It's a movie rating website.  I usually agree with most of their ratings.  It was a very impressive movie lots of great special effects.
user2: Good, I'm going to see this movie, I appreciate your opinion about the movie
user1: Of course, I hope you enjoy it.
user2: You're a robot? , because I already did the tasks but it does not let me finish the conversation
user1: No, don't we have to do more back and forth?
user2: I just had to ask you about the movie, and about some things about it, like its special effects and know if you would recommend it, but I do not know what else to do.
user1: Don't know. I guess ask more questions. I had the document and then it just switched to a new document.
user1: Same movie.
user2: Okay, how long is the movie?
user1: I'm not sure from this document but every minute will be worth it.
user2: Is there a sexy woman in the movie?
user1: Mmmm... Gwyneth Paltrow as Pepper Potts
user2: Thank you, and what is the movie about, is there a mission that you have to fulfill or a purpose?
user1: Tony Stark is a rich guy and builds an awesome powered exoskeleton to become Iron Man.
user2: It's fine for me, I do not need more information to watch the movie
user1: We just have to chat 3 turns (back and forth) for each of 4 documents. 4th just popped up. 
user2: and the fourth document is a different movie?
user2: What can you tell me about the soundtrack of the movie?
user1: All same movie. Just different info.
user2: you know what is the soundtrack of the movie?
user1: I'm not sure about that but did you know it was directed by Jon Favreau?
user2: I did not know, I did not know it
user2: and who wrote the movie?
user1: Mark Fergus, Hawk Ostby, Art Marcum, and Matt Holloway.
user2: ty 
user2: good bye

conversation:
user1: Have you seen this movie before? I really enjoyed it!
user2: Yes, it is a great movie and Robert Downey Jr. did a great job.
user1: Yeah, I thought the same! RDJ is one of my favorite actors. I thought Gwyneth Paltrow wasn't as good, though.
user2: Do you like comic book movies?
user1: I generally do, although some of the newer Marvel movies have been not as good.
user2: I like the director of this film Jon Favreau.
user1: I'm not familiar with Jon Favreau.
user2: He is a good director and I think he handled this movie well.

conversation:
user2: Good afternoon!
user1: I think you're a ROBOT
user2: Like AI, Robocop?
user1: Robocop was not an AI. Great movie though. However I am teaching you to watch Iron Man, which is not as good as Robocop.
user2: Hmmmmm, I was sort of interested in seeing Iron Man.
user2: What is it about?
user2: Is it about a robot?
user1: Robert Downey Jr. creates an Iron Suit to fight off his financial competitors. It starts the Disney comic book movie revolution of which we are all subordinate to.
user2: You said it wasn't as good as Robocop. What are the reviews like?
user2: I like RDJ. He's pretty funny. Is the movie funny?
user1: Jon Favereau does not make a comic book stylized movie. He makes it seem realistic, like a military thriller!
user2: So it is a comic book story, turned real life. Sounds confusing
user2: Is it any good?
user1: It has a Rotten Tomatoes score of 94%! The critics loved it!!!
user2: Oh, wow. Well, if Rotten Tomatoes scored it that high, it has to be somewhat good. They RARELY give high ratings.
user1: You're a sarcastic little algorithm 
user2: So this suit....tell me more.
user2: Does it fly? Does it shoot lasers? Does it blow stuff up?
user1: It is mixture of mechanics and seamless CG. It is connected to an electromagnet implanted in Tony Stark's chest.
user2: So, he IS the robot?
user1: Iron Man is a suit.
user2: The suit is named Iron Man?
user2: Tell me more. I think I like this suit. What else happens in this movie?
user2: Who are the villains? 
user1: Tony Stark, in his Iron Man suit, suspects that his business partner Obadiah Stane is trafficking weapons. When he travels to Afghanistan to investigate he is shot at. Obadiah Stane gathers pieces of a prototype Iron Man for nefarious purposes.
user2: Interesting. So does Tony Stark end up fighting this Obadiah Stane?
user2: In his Iron Man Suit?
user1: I don't know, it doesn't say on my instruction document. It is an incomplete synopsis.
user1: OH wait yes it does
user1: yea they fight 
user2: Awesome.
user2: Does it say if the Iron Man Suit wins?
user1: Yes, Iron Man wins and kills Stane by throwing him into an arc reactor.
user2: So, Iron Man saves the day. Does he win over the girl too? (there is ALWAYS a girl).
user1: Gwyneth Paltrow is his budding love interest.
user2: What is her name, in the movie?
user1: Potts, Pepper

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello
user1: Have you seen Iron Man?
user2: yes
user2: have you?
user1: Yes
user2: did you enjoy it?
user1: Who does it star as Iron Man?
user2: Robert Downy JR
user1: Do you like the actor who plays Obadiah?
user2: i dont know his name but yes he did good
user1: His name is Jeff Bridges
user2: do you think he did good?
user1: yes. How does the movie start?
user2: with tony stark show casing his weapons
user1: That's right, then what happens?
user2: then his humvee is attacked and he is take hostage
user1: What do you think of Phil Coulson?
user2: im not sure who that is
user1: He's the Agent who represents S.H.I.E.L.D.
user2: i dont remember his role to well
user2: what would you rate this movie 1-10?
user1: I would probably rate it an 8
user1: It's pretty good
user1: It has a great ending
user2: what was your favorite scene?
user1: I like the press conference at the end when Stark says "I am Iron Man"
user2: That was a good one.
user2: have many Iron Man movies are out?
user1: I'm not sure
user1: Do you have a favorite scene?

conversation:
user1: Hello! have you heard of the movie Iron Man?
user2: of course and you?
user2: How much do you like it?
user1: That I have, truly ahead of its time for 2008, both in plot and effects.
user2: I think it's excellent
user1: Personally I'm a huge fan of the film, definitely one of my favourites
user2: really very good plot
user2: Would you like a new version?
user2: with new or different actors?
user1: It certainly is, takes a very interesting look at the military and how much money can affect it
user1: I'd saydependant on the actors, but a remake, if execuited properly, would certainyl be interesting
user2: Would you like to see it again?
user1: Though I'd argue it's near impossible to repalce the leading man, Robert Downey Jr
user1: Of course
user2: Do you think the director did a good job?
user1: Certainly, one could say it kickstarted the superhero movie industry to new heights
user2: Would you change the name to the movie?
user1: Iron man is too iconic, though i'm quite sure he changes the element it's made of
user2: Totally agree
user1: "Electromagnetically powered suit ma" doesnt quite roll of the tongue
user1: Do you have a favourite scene? I personally love his initial "donning" when he flies to afganistan to jsut kick ass for like 8 minutes
user1: Sort of cements his identity as a hero
user2: It's one of your favorite movies or you change it for another? 
user1: Id place it top 5 in no partiocular order
user2: Coincidentally that is one of my favorite parts
user1: ayyy
user2: I would place her in a top 10
user1: So one of the key aspects in there is the arc reactor, do you thin something liek that is possible with todays tech?
user2: You think that if they make a new version, the same actor would be able to make a good character
user1: I think RDJ loves playing tony stark, evenif he doesnt he is too good at it
user2: I would like to have a child placed to see what skills they would give him and if he is as good as the father
user1: ooh thatd be an interesting take
user2: Do you think you managed to exchange your knowledge and have a good response from the movie?
user1: apologies what do you mean by exchanged my knowldedge
user2: knowledge of the movie
user2: It seems to me that it is interesting
user1: ah, I'd say after my 4th or 5th time through i started looking more critically
user1: i was quite young when i first sawe uit
user2: Like me, I did not understand much when I saw her for the first time. after seeing it several times I liked it
user1: that being said, even when not looking deeper it was an excellent action flick
user2: I think you know a lot about the movie
user1: B)
user1: id hope so haha, im a fan of the majority of superhero movies
user2: Good thing I got to talk with you about Iron Man
user1: was fun my friend
user2: Me too
user1: ?
user1: ah, no bother
user2: It was interesting and fun
user1: as a possible final note, do you think the suit is buildable within the next decade?
user2: Yes of course.
user2: It was fun, see you later.
user1: cya round
user2: Iron man is the best

conversation:
user2: Hi, have you seen the movie Iron Man with Robert Downey, Jr?
user1: Yes I have!
user2: What was your favorite part in that movie
user2: I thought it had the greatest special effects.
user1: Probably when he uses his original iron man suite to escape the terrorists at the beginning. What about you?
user1: the special effects were very good for the time but now they seem a bit outdated
user2: I think my favorite part was when he was in that cave prison and first had his power heart made
user1: yes, it was very interesting! It shows a lot for his character! 
user1: Did you like his character?
user2: Yeah, I think he played the character really well.
user2: He played a very smart and rich man LOL
user1: True. Though I do not think I would want to meet him in real life. What about you?
user2: I loved Terrence Howard as his sort of side kick 
user1: yes, he was very good!
user2: I really think that the actors they decided on for this movie were great.
user1: yes, all of the marvel casting choices were very well thought out. 
user2: Would you watch again
user1: Probably, especially with the new avengers movie coming out, it would be good to catch up on it
user2: hahaha, I do that too. I usually watch the first movies before the new ones come out just to keep in sync.
user1: yeah, it has been a long time since I have seen it. Do you like the 2nd iron man?
user2: I enjoyed the scene at the charity even where that reporter informs Stark that his company's weapons were being used for a bad way
user2: I like them all 
user1: Yes, he was unaware of  his negative actions on the world. Which is your favourite one?
user2: The first one, I think. The others are good and I like them, but the first movies are usually always the best.
user1: very true. It was very cool and original when it first came out!
user2: Makes you wonder with the king of technology that they showed in this movie, how much of that is really possible?
user1: well a bunch of it has come about since teh 10 years have passed since the movie came out, like touch screens and intelligent robots
user2: The part where that one guy (can't remember his name) but when he stole Stark's arc reactor that was keeping him alive, that was tense
user1: yes, it was at the climax of the movie, though I knew it would all work out in the end
user2: Yeah, never thought he would admit to the public that he was Iron Man
user1: well it makes sense though, no point in hiding it lol!
user2: yeah, but you have to admit, most superheroes hide their identities
user1: yeah like batman. but I think iron man is full of him self more them most super heros, he probably wants the recognition!
user2: That's true, he truly was a head case LOL

conversation:
user2: Do you like Marvel movies like this one?
user1: I love Marvel movies. They never cease to amaze me. 
user1: I haven't seen this movie personally but my son loves it. Have you seen it?
user2: Yeah I saw it when it was first released, it was a great movie. It felt less serious and much more fun than other superhero movies.
user1: I find it interesting that critics say Terrence Howard's character plays a man who looks dispirited and taken for granted. Normally he plays the tough guy in movies.
user1: Do you believe the fact that he is slightly depressed and taken for granted can be a direct subliminal message as to how our military solider/veterans are normally treated in today's society?
user2: Yeah compared to his newer roles this was definitely one of the more unique ones in the sense that he was taken for granted. I think what you're saying about the possible hidden messages behind his character could definitely be true as the film has a lot of characters like that such as Shaun Toub.
user2: I agree with the critics that Gwyneth Paltrow's performance couldn't really be expressed due to her role and the lack of expansion to her character.
user1: Exactly, judging from the document, it kind of feels like Shaun's played a very important factor in creating the first Iron man suit, but he is not given recognition as one of the inventors. In fact I think he created the most important part of the sure. Without the electromagnet he created, Start would probably be dead. In this sense I would say that actually makes him the hero in the story.
user1: Normally that is how it is with her being a supporting character. There are only a few instances where the love interest in the story get's the attention she deserves.
user2: I agree that especially during the time it was released the CGI was amazing and had a very noticeable attention to detail during the action sequences when it was truly shown off.
user1: On another note, I would definitely agree with the critics in regards to it seeming like a military thriller. Normally those types of moves give you a sense of American pride or are extreme tear jerkers. So i can definitely see why there is a feel of depressing and going through the motions.
user1: I find it interesting that his character is primarily portrayed as a war hero. Although he is a mythical character, I think the director does a great job with releasing this movie in 2008, shortly after the war ended in Afghanistan in real life. This makes the viewer connect to the story line in more present day realistic struggles/issues. Interesting
user2: I could totally see and agree with the statement it acts as a military thriller in the first half, especially during the key scene where when he is testing a new type of missile from his company in Afghanistan his convoy is ambushed and he is taken captive by a group of terrorists.
user1: In your opinion was Robert Downey Jr a great fit to play this role?
user2: His performance of a wild and egotistical playboy was very spot on and amazing to watch play out on the screen, out of all the performances he definitely is the most memorable of all of them.
user2: His performance made me feel like his character would realistically approach problems with the solutions they actually provided on the screen, and that he reacts to people and events in a way that you'd imagine Tony Stark to react.
user1: That's interesting. Looking at the ratings. I would definitely go see this movie. Rotten Tomato critics are tough and this movie has a 94% average. Definitely seems to be a must see.
user2: While I liked the scene where he eliminates the terrorist threat from Gulmira in memory of Yinsen, I feel like his discovery of Stane's evil plot and him asking Pepper to "hack" into their own company'
user2: company's database was a little bit weird considering he is the CEO. I also thought it weird he didn't bother to report it to any authorities and Pepper decided to take action and call SHIELD.
user1: Yes Marvel movies normally has a weird way to introduce new information in their scenes. They often contain plot twists and "wow" moments which keeps fans entertained. I'm glad he saved the village but I was very surprised to find out about Stane's true identity.
user2: I don't really understand Stane's motives necessarily either, he is a vice president at one of largest and most powerful weapons defense companies in the world and without a doubt makes large sums of money, but he feels the need to sell arms on the side to terrorists in a third world country? I'm certain that isn't exactly super profitable.
user2: On the grand scale of movie villains especially Marvel villains, Stane seems rather cheesy and uninspired and I think that's one thing they could have definitely improved on.
user1: Yes he as portrayed as evil and motivated by monetary gain. But of course every story has to have an antagonist when we are taking about Marvel. 
user1: I agree his role could have been developed better. Maybe his character was created to simply capitalize Stark's capability to succeed in those types of situations.
user2: Another thing I think this scene and the entire movie failed to utilize was the agency of SHIELD, Pepper simply alerts an agent of Stane's evil activities but we don't really see them try to find a solution or stop the activities and let Tony handle it.
user1: I'm not seeing much information about Pepper, except the fact that she discovered the truth about Stane. I would think there would be like a rescue scene or something with her, or more interest placed on their love connection. 
user1: Great point! I strongly dislike when movies introduce information without resolution. Fans hate leaving with unaswered questions.
user2: Pepper eventually accompanies a few SHIELD agents to one of the Stark buildings due to her all-access pass, and you could argue when they are eventually taken out and Pepper is left that Stark coming in at that time was her rescue scene.
user2: I think later on in the scene Pepper turns it into less of a rescue scene and more of a duo fighting against Stane when she proves her worth managing to overload the reactor of the building and killing Stane in the process.
user1: I think the scene where Stark defeats Shane would have the audience on the edge of their seats. But i definitely think the producers did a great job making Stark the hero because It's impressive for a hero to still conquer without his  suit at full capacity.
user2: I think they added that part where he isn't at full capacity to show that it's not just the suit doing all the work but the heroic actions and confidence of the person using it.
user1: Great heroism displayed definitely. 
user1: Nice chatting with you. Have a great day :)

conversation:
user1: I thought Iron Man was a good movie1
user2: So did i
user1: Robert Downey was cast perfectly as an egotistical superhero 
user2: Yes! he did great in this movie
user2: All of the iron mans were pertty good but the first was the best
user1: It did take a little while to get going
user2: pretty good scores on the rating system, little low on the metacritic tho
user2: Can't believe this movie is 10 years old now
user1: yeah, crazy!
user1: it had good special effects for the time!
user2: very true.  
user1: That bigass metal iron man villian was pretty cooltoo
user2: i remember that! 
user1: the ending was the best
user1: when he's like "im iron man"and everyone goes "woahhhh"
user2: I believe that is when his buddy was in the other suit too- if i'm remember correctly
user2: been a while since i seen it.  
user1: same. I saw it when it came out
user2: My oldest loves these movies, he probably know it like the back of his hand lol
user1: I didn't see the sequals tho, people said they wern't very good
user2: I didn't realize gwneth paltrow was in in
user2: i knew he had a girlfriend in the movie, just didn't know that was her lol
user1: Well, it wasnt really his gf
user2: my son seen all of them, i dont remember much of any of them.
user1: "love interest"
user1: iron man is a pimp
user2: oh it says personal assistant, not sure what i was reading lol
user2: bahaha yeah it does seem that way LOL
user2: i'm thinking of a woman that was with him when they came and destroyed his house. i think that was the first one.
user2: they all run together lol
user1: billionare playboy. He's kind of like batman
user2: right
user2: if i was iron man i think id be the same way tho LOL
user1: idk if I'd be like that
user1: but that's his charm
user2: id like the attention i think
user2: LOL but just for a little while then it get old haha
user2: You have a good day! 
user2: Every time I come on nips I always want to go watch movies after haha!  
user1: yeah, if I had millions of dollars, I wouldnt want anyone to know

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: this movie was a huge hit. if you like superhero movies you will love this movie. robert downey jr is so funny in this movie and you will just love ironman. his suit is so awesome, this movie is filled with action and entertainment.
user1: are you trying to talk about iron man?
user2: Yes!
user1: The thing is, I am not into superhero movies, but why do you think I should I go see this one?
user2: do you like to laugh?
user1: Yes, of course!
user2: Then this movie will be a great one to make you laugh. Its not all fighting and heroric stuff there is comedic stuff. also the movie has a really good rating
user1: what rating does it have?
user2: Cinemascore gave it an: A!
user1: what about Rotten Tomatoes?
user2: 94%
user1: oh wow that's pretty good
user1: can you tell me the plot?
user2: basically tony start is a CEO, genious, billionare, and playboy who made this suite and can help the military and save lifes. He also has a pretty lady along with him
user1: Isn't it Tony Stark?
user2: Yeah my bad, Tony Stark!
user1: wow he sounds like he has a great life.
user1: What's the main conflict in the movie?
user2: Yeah, he makes some cool inventions too
user1: Does he have some archnemisis?
user1: What else does he make besides the suit?
user2: Well i dont want to give it all away, but he has to fight off a big giant "ten rings"
user1: hmm that sounds like a kraken or something 
user1: I don't know much about Iron Man
user2: I didnt know much about iron man either the first time i went and saw the move. but i walked out becoming a huge fan
user2: Let me know if you want to know anything else. thanks
user2: Are you still there?
user2: hopefully i still get paid. I have to abort the convo
user2: hello
user2: i will have to abort now.
user1: hi sorrt

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: hello
user1: so lets talk about iron man?
user2: alright
user1: did you see it?
user2: yeah
user1: did you like it?
user2: yes i did
user1: me too
user2: what did you like the most?
user1: the action was great
user2: true
user2: i loved the storyline as well
user1: yeah
user2: it was a historic movie, right?
user1: how?
user2: well, it started the whole marvel universe
user1: you are right
user2: and now it is the biggest studio in the world
user1: what you think about RDJ?
user2: he is awesome!
user1: i think iron man redefined super hero genre
user2: you are right
user1: did you watch the sequls
user2: one, not the last one
user1: did you like the one you saw?
user2: yeah
user1: the last one is great too

conversation:
user2: do you like superhero movies?
user1: Yes, although I have only seen a few of them.
user1: Do you like them? What do you like about them?

conversation:
user2: Hi, have you seen Iron Man? It's a great movie that came out in 2008!
user1: Apparently.  I have never heard of Robert Downey before this film.
user1: I enjoyed this film.  I was glad they made sequels.
user2: He did an awesome job playing Tony Stark.
user1: In many ways, I think the success of this movie was instrumental in the success of the Marvel franchise.
user1: At least in film.
user1: I never really cared about comics until this film was released.
user2: It was a good kick off to the universe. I think a lot of people started caring about Marvel after this one.
user1: Yeah, definiely.  Certainly separated themselves well from DC as well.  I also liked Gwyneth Paltrow as Pepper.  She added such a great contrast to Downey's character.
user2: Yes. I don't usually like her, but Pepper is a fun character when she gets to be.
user1: Indeed.  As a car guy, I loved this film too for the random collection they showed off a few times throughout the movie.
user1: I thought it was weird that they didn't continue with Terrence Howard for the subsequent films.
user1: The replacement, I forget his name, made it a bit confusing with Iron Man 2 and 3
user2: Yeah, Terrence Howard was good as Rhodes.
user1: Yeah, I felt he brought a bit more clout to the film.
user1: Were you much of a comics fan before the films?
user2: No, I never had the patience to watch the stories play out over time. A movie is the perfect story length for me.
user1: Exactly!  And it simplifies a lot of details so that you don't have to know all of the backstories.
user1: That's where the current series with Infinity War and whatnot is losing me somewhat.  Can't follow all the details
user1: What did you think of Shaun Toub in this film?
user2: I was impressed at how Yinsen put together the electromagnet to keep the shrapnel from Stark's heart. I would like to have seen more of him.
user1: Yeah, that detail was an interesting dynamic as he helped the genius inventor.
user1: And then that grafting becomes the integral part to Iron Man's story.
user1: I thought Jeff Bridges was a great addition to this story too.
user2: Yeah--I always forget that that the basis for Iron Man comes from the other guy he was imprisoned with.
user1: He's such a dynamic actor and I rather liked seeing him as the bad guy
user2: I thought he was pretty one-dimensional as a bad guy--I would have like to see a bit more depth.
user2: But I guess that's the price you pay for getting a comic book story in movie format.
user1: Hmm, I guess that's true.  Somewhat predictable.  Though,I  think they may have been pressed for time, too.
user1: The F-22 scene was awesome.  Especially since he didn't quite know how to use his suite especially efficiently yet.
user1: suit*
user1: Oh, and Phil Coulson... love that guy.
user2: Yeah, I enjoy all of the scenes that show his learning curve with the suit. I could have watched a whole movie just of that.
user1: I know, right.  The orientation scenes where the heroes learn their abilities are always entertaining.
user2: And it's good to see that even his isn't perfect the first time around.
user1: Oh, when Stark has to use his old reactor that Pepper had gifted him.  That was a cool touch
user1: Indeed
user2: That was pretty dramatic towards the end. It's a good thing she kept it.
user1: The highway fight between Stark and Stane was cool.  That bus implosion!
user1: Definitely
user1: I like how they, Stark and Potts, are always working together throughout this movie.
user1: They make a sweet and cool team together
user2: They do. I think sometimes she is treated as less capable than she really is, but it's mostly fun to watch them.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user2: Did you see the first Iron Man movie that came out in 2008?
user1: Yes. I did! I really liked the special effects of the movie. Did you? 
user2: Yeah it was a good first installment in the series.
user2: Robert Downey Jr. was a perfect fit as Tony Stark.
user1: Yes. I was going to say the same. He played a great role as Stark and the way he ran Stark Industries in the movie. 
user2: He just seemed like how I imagined the character.
user1: The beginning of the movie helped with learning about how Iron Man was invented. 
user2: Yeah, I think they handled that well. Sometimes movies can rush an origin story.
user1: Exactly. What did you think about Stark's personal assistant, Pepper Potts?
user2: While I don't like Gweyneth Paltrow, as an actress she was convincing as her character.
user1: She was. I thought she was very serious about her role as Pepper Potts and very organized. Though, I never realized she would be a potential love interest for Stark.
user2: That did seem odd given Stark's personality, but the character needed an arc.
user1: What did you think about the sound quality? I think it made Iron Man come to life. The special effects is what I liked the most. 
user2: I'm no audiophile, but I did like the visual effects. That's a big reason why I see this kind of movie for the escapism.
user1: Yes. Just watching the visual effects is great. 
user2: The do NEED some kind of a story though. I didn't like the transformer movies. 
user1: I thought the same. Iron Man 2008 movie was the start of great sequels if they would have focused more on just Iron Man. 
user1: The scene in Afghanistan really impressed me. Where the doctor helped bring Iron Man to life. 
user1: What do you think? 
user2: That's what made it a little better than your average comic book movie.  
user2: It felt more real. 
user2: or like it could be real
user1: Yes. I found it surprising Agent Phil Coulson of S.H.I.E.L.D appeared in the movie. That was the start to his career I think. 
user2: Probably, this was one of the earlier marvel movies. 
user1: Would you watch this movie again? It was rated pretty good on Rotten Tomatoes. 
user2: Yeah I'd watch it again
user2: I think it will hold up over time better than some of the other marvel movies
user1: I agree. I noticed Stark kept his secret of being Iron Man for quite some time in the movie. 
user2: Yeah right up until the end.
user2: It was fitting for his character.
user2: but an overall bad idea
user1: Yes. I agree. 
user1: It would have been more exciting in the sequel if he would have not revealed his identity. What do you think? 
user2: Definitely, I don't remember the sequels very well, but I didn't like them a lot. 
user1: What would you rate the movie? I myself would rate the movie as a 8/10. Only because I did not get bored watching it. 

conversation:
user2: hey
user1: Hello
user2: What movie is this?
user1: The Movie in question is Iron Man
user1: The 1st one
user2: Nice
user2: Who are the actors in the movie? Is there anyone famous
user1: You should watch this film. It has a Cinemascore rating of A and and average Rotten Tomatoes % of 94%
user2: Wow that sounds really good
user2: What genre is this movie?
user1: The film is an American superhero film
user1: Using Marvel's Iron Man charcter
user2: That's cool
user2: Who plays Iron Man?
user1: Iron Man is played by Robert Downey Jr.
user2: Then it must be good!
user1: He plays Toney Stark, a wealthy inventor who becomes a hero after he is captured by terrorists
user2: That sounds interesting. how does he become a hero?
user2: Is he kind of like Batman? Wealthy by day and hero by night?
user1: He receives an injury in captivity and is then fixed up by a character played by ShaunTaub
user2: Interesting
user2: Where is he captured
user1: UnnamedMiddle eastern country
user2: Does he have a love interest?
user2: Or is this movie all action?
user1: Yes, his secretary. She manages large parts of the business and is played by Gwyneth Paltrow
user2: Nice
user2: Does the public know he's iron man
user1: Stark makes weapons for the US government, but later has a change of heart as part of his arc
user2: Do you think I should watch this movie?
user1: I do, it was critically acclaimed and has very good analytics
user2: That's fascinating
user2: this plot keeps me engaged
user2: I like that it ties into real life events and includes the US government to make it seem serious and realistic
user1: The movie is also a classic, made in 2008 but still quite popular
user1: 1st film in the MCU
user2: marvel comic universe?
user2: is that what MCU stands for lol
user2: I think we're done :)
user2: thanks for sharing with me

conversation:
user1: Hello, How are you today?
user2: Fab! Hey, what did you think of Iron Man??
user1: I thought it was, and still is the best super hero movie out right now.
user1: How about yourself?
user2: Oh, I totally agree! Even Rotten Tomatoes liked it, and boy oh boy, is that rare! :)
user1: I think rotten tomatoes score is sort of low.
user1: I am surprised it didn't get 8-9 scores.
user2: Oh, yes, I agree there. I was thinking the 94%. I was surprised at the 7.7, myself. 
user1: Who was your favorite character?
user2: Jeff Bridges, but I just like him, so I'm biased! Yours?
user1: Really!? My favorite was Downey JR of course. I loved his performance in the film.
user1: What about Bridges was so great for you?
user2: Oh, yes, he was totally great. I love Jeff Bridges from Last Picture Show, so I'm partial to him from his history more than from this. 
user1: I can understand that. How did you feel about the story of the movie?
user2: I thought the idea of implanting the magnet to protect him from the shrapnel was awesome!
user1: I was a little disappointed by the business partner betrayal. I think if the movies was just Stark getting revenge on the terrorists would of been better off. 
user2: I see what you mean, but I'd say it's more true to life when there's business partner betrayal.......I also love it when people in military companies, etc., are wounded by their own products, like he was.
user1: I think Bridges did fine as a villain, I just think realistically Stark would focus on the war effort rather than an in house struggle with his business partner.
user2: Boy, let me tell you, when you have sneaky dealings at home, it's hard to focus outside! But I see what you mean. I wonder why they called it the Jericho missile?
user1: Yes, I liked how stark's character was brought down to earth and humbled by getting kidnapped by the enemy in the beginning.
user1: I believe Jericho has some kind of religious or all powerful meaning.
user2: It does, indeed, but I wasn't sure exactly what, except it had to do with music! 
user1: Oh there is a ton of things it has to do with, songs, movies, games, etc.
user2: That arms trafficking is bad news, but boy, is it prevalent! Even the poet Rimbaud trafficked guns!
user2: Oh, I mean how trumpets were supposed to have toppled the walls of Jericho.
user1: Do you think Stark really knew his weapons were being shared with the enemy?
user1: part of me thinks so.
user2: Really?? I kind of figured he was total good guy.
user2: I love how anyone who wears the suit has the power!
user1: As the movie went on I felt he turned into a good guy.
user1: In the beginning I felt he was just more of a nuetral party.
user2: It's rare when a super hero reveals his identity.
user1: I liked the idea anyone, could wear the suit but im surprised stark didn't have some kind of anti theft measures in it.
user2: I totally agree. I love that concept, as well. I'll assume after the movie, he started working on that anti-theft concept immediately!!!!
user1: I agree, I think stark just didn't care if people knew who he was.
user2: That's what he says now, but wait until the phone starts ringing! LOL!
user1: it more realistic too
user1: Thanks for chatting with me about the film. It was a lot of fun.
user2: It was! Have a great day!
user1: See ya

conversation:
user2: hi
user2: how are u?
user1: Hello! I'm good, thank you. How are you?
user2: not that great but tomorrow is another day ..
user1: I'm sorry to hear that. Hopefully tomorrow is better.
user2: yea thank you 
user2: u have a movie to tell me about ?
user1: I do! Have you ever seen the movie Iron Man that came out back in 2008?
user2: yes
user2: i kind of like the beginign of it
user2: how he created his custom
user2: was interesting
user1: Yeah! Did you like Robert Downey Jr. as Iron Man?
user2: yep
user2: i like him as an actor
user2: what are the parts u like the most of the movie ?
user1: When was the last time you saw the film?
user1: I actually really like the opening scene where he shows off the missile. That's one of the coolest scenes for me. It's really memorable.
user2: 3 months ago i think i got it download to my fire to watch it on a trip i was going to make
user1: Hey, maybe you could watch it again tonight. Sometimes watching a movie I like helps me after having a hard day.
user2: i wasnt that sure about it but like you i liked a lot the begining of the movie
user2: hard 4 years ... ending my marriage , for domestic violence ......
user1: Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry to hear that.
user2: sorry i dont have anybody in this country so i dont get to talk to nobody
user1: It's okay. What country are you in?
user2: USA
user2: im from peru
user1: How long have you been here?
user2: 2 longest years
user2: left my mom and family to be here with my baby 
user2: to be mistreated so much
user1: Are you in a safe place at the moment?
user2: he spit on me call me 
user2: yea
user2: he is gone now
user2: so 
user2: ima lone like always 
user2: waiting for thursday
user1: What happens Thursday?
user2: im leaving the country
user1: Are you going to go back to your family?
user2: yes
user2: sorry 
user1: That's good. It helps to have people who love you around.
user1: No, it's okay.
user2: negative things...
user2: thanks for talking to me
user1: It's no problem. I'm so sorry you've gone through this.
user2: thank u
user2: mturk helps me to save money
user1: I hope you have a safe trip home. Take some time to rest and heal.
user2: without him knowing about this
user1: That's smart.
user2: yes , ok im sorry again for sharing negative things here
user2: i know we all are trying to make money
user2: i hope u have a great night 
user1: It's really honestly okay. Some things are more important.
user2: and thanks again u are good person
user1: You too.
user1: Have a safe trip home.
user2: thank u

conversation:
user1: Hello how are you? Which movie did you see?
user2: Hello!
user2: Lets talk about the movie SuperHero that came out 2008. :D
user1: So which movie is it? Can you tell me the title?
user2: I am very sorry. Lol, I misread the title. The movie is Iron Man.
user2: I meant superhero movie haha.
user1: Sweet! Who is in it? What is it about? Can you tell me a bit about the movie?
user2: Iron Man is about Tony Stark, CEO of Stark Industries, a weapons manufacturer.
user1: Pretty cool! Who plays Tony Stark? 
user2: Basically Iron Man is a billionaire with an armored suit to fight injustice in the world lol.
user2: Tony Stark is played by Robert Downey Jr.
user2: You havent watched it yet?
user2: You don't know Iron Man? :O
user1: Sounds great! So tell me more about the movie. The armored suit is great and all. And what happens?
user2: So when Tony Stark was showing his tech somewhere like in a deserted country, when he was about to get home he got kidnapped by terrorists... 
user2: When he was held captive. He got help from a guy named Yinsen to build the very first armored suit.
user2: He used it to escape and kill the bad peeps.
user1: Jeez. Terrorists kidnap the CEO of weapons manufacturers
user1: Okay now he escapes and then what?
user2: Scary stuff huh?
user2: When he got back, he wanted to end being a weapons manufacturing company and use his tech to good use.
user2: Still he made a better armored suit though haha.
user1: Quite smart he built an armoured suit in the desert. He must be very intelligent
user2: He sure is, he's a genius, billionaire, playboy philanthropist kind of dude.
user1: I can see that. And the terrorists were messing with the wrong person!
user2: Ohhh man they sure was unlucky haha.
user2: Good thing Yinsen was there too to help him create the first armored suit with just scraps.
user1: Wow with just scraps? I can see why you call him a genius. It would take a scientist ages to build an armoured suit even with proper tools
user2: I know right?!
user2: I mean he did made the suit out of his own tech, his own manufactured missile launcher,.
user1: Yes Brilliant! I should definitely check out this movie!
user1: Thanks for chatting with me mate
user2: I still have some key scenes to tell you about.
user1: Sure thing. What happens next?
user2: There are shrapnels inside his chest...
user2: He got it when he was attacked and kidnapped. A missile hit nearby him and he got saved by Yinsen, so he built a miniaturized arc reactor to pull the shrapnels away from his heart... :O
user2: Ain't that bad ass?
user1: haha a miniature arc reactor? That is brilliant
user1: Okay so Tony Stark escapes and then what happens?
user1: Well nice chatting with ya!

conversation:
user1: Hi, do you like super hero movies?
user2: I do!
user2: How about you?
user1: Yes, most of them. 
user2: Have you seen Iron Man?
user1: Yes, I enjoyed that one
user1: What did you think of Robert Downey Jr. as Tony Stark?
user2: I don't think they could have gotten a better Tony Stark
user2: He plas the geius inventor/playboy so well
user1: I agree. I also think the directing was done well by Jon Favreau, what do you think?
user2: How did you like the other characters?
user2: Terrence Howdard as James Rhones
user2: JEff BRidges as Obadiah Stane
user2: Shaun Toub as Yinsen
user2: Or Gyneth PAtrow as PEpper Potts?
user1: I think Gwyneth Paltrow did a great job
user1: Jeff bridges was also really good,  maybe they could have cast someone other than Terrence Howard though
user2: I think Jon Favreau did an amazing job for Marvel Studios/Paramount Pictures. 
user1: What did you think of the CG?
user2: I agree with the one critic who said he didn't just stylize the comic-book frams, but got real with it - making you feel like you are watching . amililary thriller
user2: The CG was seemless. I loved the special effects
user2: what di dyou think?
user1: They did a great job, yes. Very professional.
user1: In the scene with the two F-22 Raptors, do you think it was realistic?
user2: I did, it seemed very realistic
user2: It was interesting that he went to Afghanistan too
user2: It really added to the military trhiller appeal
user1: I liked when he got the electromagnet in his chest to save him from shrapnel shard
user2: Do you agree with the ratiing it got? a 94% on Rotten tomatoes
user1: I think the 94% is more accurate than the metacritic score of 79/100
user2: What did you think when he admitted being Iron man publicly?
user1: I thought it was smart, he will be able to increase his wealth which allows him to spend more money on new technology
user1: Did you enjoy the fight between Stark and Stane?
user2: oh yeah, on top of the Stark building? That was pretty cook
user2: cool
user2: nice talking with you!
user1: thanks you too

conversation:
user1: Hello?
user2: Hi! I was wondering if you have ever seen the movie Ironman?
user2: Hello! You there?
user2: Want to discuss Ironman?

conversation:
user2: The movie we're discussing is Iron starring Robert Downy Jr. It scored high on Rotten Tomatoes. 
user2: Sorry Iron Man
user1: Iron Man. Okay. What is about?
user2: Robert Downy Jr. plays Tony Stark who is an industrial genius/ inventor (also a playboy) who becomes a super hero. 
user1: Are there any female characters?
user2: Pepper Potts is the female character played by Gwyneth Paltrow. She is Stark's personal assistant and budding love interest. 
user1: Do you know what the rating is for the movie?
user2: Rotten Tomatoes gave it 94% and 7.7/10. CinemaScore is A. Metacritic Score is 79/100.
user1: Is it a part of a series/group, or is it just a stand-alone movie?
user2: Iron Man is part of the Marvel Comics. It is the first film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). 
user1: What genre do you think the movie is?
user2: The genre is considered SuperHero. 
user1: Do you know who directed the film?
user2: The film was directed by Jon Favreau.
user1: What does Tony Stark accomplish in the movie?
user1: Like what is he trying to do?
user2: The movie starts with Stark and his military liaison Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes demonstrating the " Jericho missile in Afghanistan. When the demo is finished Starks convoy is ambushed and Stark becomes critically wounded by his own company's grenades.  He is captured and imprisoned by a terrorist group. A fellow captive who is a doctor implants an electromagnet into Stark's chest to keep the shrapnel shards from reaching his heart and killing him. The leader of the group promises freedom if Stark recreates the Jericho missile but the prisoners are skeptical 
user1: Does the whole movie take place in Afghanistan?
user2: No, Stark returns to the US. 
user1: How is the music in the movie?
user2: I have no information on who the music is compiled by or which artists were involved in the film. 
user1: What did you think of the movie?
user2: I think i was good movie. Lots of action scenes, a believable villain, and the love interest didn't over take the movie. 
user1: Do you think it is appropriate for kids?
user2: I think it could be depending on the age group. There is some violence and death as well as sexual suggestion, but it isn't super gory. 
user1: How are the graphics and special effects?
user2: According to a response they were " expansively entertaining special effects extravaganza" and "impressive sets and mechanics that combine smoothly and seamless
user2: I thought the graphics were pretty believable 
user1: Sounds like something I would like.
user1: Any other notable actors/actresses?
user2: It definitely is I liked the movie... Jeff Bridges and Shaun Toub as well as Terrence Howard are notable actors. 

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Have you ever watched Iron Man?
user1: I have not. 
user1: What is it about?
user2: Wow!  You have definitely missed a good movie!
user1: What actors are in it?
user2: Robert Downey Jr. stars as Tony Stark/Iron Man who is an industrialist and genius inventor all the while being a playboy.
user1: I love action movies! 
user2: He is the CEO of Stark Industries which is a chief weapons manufacturer for the U.S. Military.
user1: Is there a lot of good graphics?
user2: Terrence Howard also stars as James "RHodey" Rhodes (Stark's friend" and liaison between Stark Industries and the U.S. Military.
user1: That guy is awesome! Sounds like they got some good actors to play in it!
user2: It got a 94% on Rotten Tomatoes!  What does that say about graphics?
user1: Dang
user1: I just hate movies that have such fake looking CGI
user1: What happens to Tony Stark...Since it seems based around him.
user2: Stark and Rhodes demonstrate the new "Jericho" missile which gets ambushed in a convoy and Stark gets critically injured.
user1: Yikes!!  Does he go after the people that did that to him?
user2: He is captured by a terrorist group and stuck in a cave with a doctor who is also captive and implants an electromagnet into Stark's chest to keep the shrapnel shards that wounded him from reaching his heart and killing him.
user1: Sounds very interesting
user1: I think it sounds like a movie worth watching. 
user1: Please tell me he gets revenge?
user2: At a charity even held by Stark Industries, Christine Everhart, a reporter, tells Stark that his company's weapons, including the Jericho, were delivered to the Ten Rings terrorist group and are being used to attack Yinsen's home village, Gulmira. 
user1: Thats scary! 
user2: Well, Stark builds his new armor and flies to Afghanistan, where he saves the villagers.
user1: I bet they thought he was Bad to the bone
user2: After Stark escaped the terrorists, they take the pieces of his prototype suit he left behind and rebuild it to use against him.
user1: Man oh man! How did he let that happen again! The suspense!
user2: Well, they had trouble trying to rebuild and or duplicate the suit because they did have Stark's miniaturized arch reactor.
user2: So they went to Stark's home to ambush him and take the one from his chest!
user1: So they destroy his home looking for the piece?
user2: Stark managed to get to his original reactor and replace the one they took and so lives on.
user1: So how does it end?
user2: They end up fighting on the top of the roof of the Stark Industries building.  Stark tells Potts (his assistant) to overload the large arc reactor poweing the building.  This unleashes a massive electrical surge that causes Stane and his armor to fall into the exploding reactor, killing him.

conversation:
user1: Hi there
user2: Hi what movie are we talking about today?
user1: The movie is SuperHero made in 2008 by Jon Favreau
user1: Let me see
user2: Oh ok sounds Interesting 
user1: I received a 94% on Rotten Tomatoes
user2: Oh that’s not a bad score 
user1: It is about Iron Man
user2: I am not familiar with Jon favreau
user2: Oh iron man is a good character 
user1: This film received an "A" on Cinemascore
user2: It must have been really good if it had that score 
user1: Critical Response is average from people.
user2: Iron man is a good superhero 
user1: Film is mainly about Iron Man named Tony Stark.
user2: Some negative some positive how interesting 
user2: Yes I am familiar with tony stark good character 
user1: Scene one starts out with Tony Start who has a defense contract from his father.
user2: Interesting 
user1: Tony Stark was ambushed after showing some missiles.
user2: Oh no that’s scary 
user1: Then he was implanted with a device in his chest.
user1: Scene 2
user2: Who plays tony stark in this one is it still Robert Downey jr? 
user2: He was a good iron man 
user1: Right
user2: Ohh that’s neat 
user1: He was a good choice 

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hello!
user1: Did you watch Iron Man?
user2: Yes! What a great film. 
user1: I enjoyed it as well! Robert Downey Jr. is one of a kind 
user1: Gweneth Paltrow was beautiful as always too.
user2: Yes. How about Jeff Bridges? The Dude abides even in a super hero movie.
user2: She is lovely
user1: And Shaun Toub, what a truley amazing cast.
user2: Terrence Howard was new to me but he played the part of James with such power
user2: I'm happy to see that the ratings are so high. Everyone should know about Iron Man!
user1: True. I think they did an amazing job at representing the comic character well.  
user1: Yes its hard to believe people have never seen it. 
user2: The actions scenes were very realistic

conversation:
user1: Hey
user1: Do you like Tony Stark?
user2: Hi there
user2: I don't really like the character.
user1: oh, okay
user2: What about you?
user1: I do
user2: Why so?
user1: Do you like the actor?
user2: I think the casting was a great choice. 
user1: I like the actor and I think Tony Stark is a very funny character
user2: Robert did a great job.
user1: yes
user1:  Genius, billionaire and playboy suits him
user2: So Tony Stark was a Defense contractor.
user2: He was ambushed?
user1: yes
user1: not that nice
user1: but he made the best out of it
user2: I think this is how Iron Man began
user2: Next scene Iron Man goes to save some innocent lives.
user1: ye
user2: What do you like about scene 2?
user1: I like the scene with the jets
user1: generally
user2: Quite interesting this film received a rating of 94% on Rotten Tomatoes. 
user1: (I like every scene including advanced technology )
user1: yes, thats not very common
user2: Scene 3 Iron Man was attacked. 
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: The arc reactor on his chest was stolen. 
user1: yes

conversation:
user2: I've always been impressed with John Favreau's work and this is no exception.
user1: I definitely think this was one of Marvel's best
user2: I agree and honestly I'm amazed at how low the metacritic score is.... did they not watch the same movie?
user1: I really think that rotten tomatoes gets it right most of the time, I tend to trust them more than metacritic when it comes to judging movies. Iron man is just another example of that.
user2: True, and Robert Downey Jr. is just the epitome of Tony Stark. Perfect casting choice.
user1: I agree and I really loved Gwyneth Paltrow in anything. She's very versatile and played a convincing Pepper Potts for sure.
user2: Gwyenth is always wonderful to watch. What did you think of Jeff Bridges portrayal of Stane?
user1: I think Bridges did Stane's character justice, it felt very genuine and surprising to see him turn on Stark, almost like we as the audience were going through the same betrayal as Stark
user2: Yeah I have to say that the writing team did a marvelous (excuse the pun) job on the script and the CG integration only added to the story, it wasn't too heavy.
user1: It was definitely impressive for being the first Marvel film..I actually didn't know that was the case.
user2: It was a great start and it helped establish a base metric by which we can judge all the Marvel films that came after. 
user2: Did you enjoy the reference to the "Ten Rings" terrorist group>
user1: The scene where Yinsen implants an electromagnet into Stark's chest was wild
user1: I don't think I really got that reference about the "ten rings" group to be honest
user2: It's a nice homage to people who have read the comics. And they did alot of nice nods to the fans throughout the film
user2: And I liked how they really made the film very contemporary with the set up being in Afghanistan. Made it seems very real indeed.

conversation:
user1: Hello, how are you?
user2: Good, thanks. Iron man was a pretty good movie
user1: Yea it was pretty good, I agree. I liked the first one much better than the others.
user1: Do you think Robert Downey Jr made a good Tony Stark?
user2: I don't recall the first one but I did like Robert Downey Jr. Playing the role. 
user2: Did you see it at the theater?
user1: Oh, this is the first one. I meant I like this one the best.
user1: Yes I did, a very long time ago. Did you?
user2: No, we bought the movie but I wish I would have lol
user1: Ah ok. It was pretty cool with the big sound and large screen. Did you have a favorite scene?
user2: I bet it was, no I can't,really think of a favorite scene, you?
user1: I think my favorite scene was when he called the press conference and announced he would stop making weapons. 
user1: What did you think of Gwyneth Paltrow?
user2: Yeah that was good. I was just going to mention her lol. I think she played the role ok, what did you think?
user1: Yea I thought she was pretty great in the role. I like her. Also I really liked Jeff Bridges as the bad guy. 
user1: Do you think the ratings were fair?
user2: I was just reading those, I would kind of agree that it did seem like a military movie, but I still enjoyed it

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: Hello there!
user1: Can you tell me about this movie
user2: It received an average of 7.7/10 from a reputable film scoring website
user1: What is the plot like
user2: The plot is about a geniues inventor who manufactures weapons for the U.S. govt who builds a powered exoskeleton and becomes the technologically advanced superhero, Iron Man.
user1: is it a family movie
user2: The movie received a CinemaScore of: A
user1: how long is the movie
user2: I do not know the answer to that question. I'm sorry.
user1: that;s ok....anything else you can tell me
user1: who is the star
user2: Rotten Tomatoes gaves this movie a 94%! And, one critic was quoted as saying,"a shapely piece of mythmaking...Favreau(the director) doesn't go in for stylized comic book frames...He gets real with it. You'd think you were watching a military thriller."
user1: hmm sounds good
user1: how lobf has the movie been out
user2: Robert Downey Jr. is the star! Also co-starring Terrence Howard and Jeff Bridges!
user1: sorry, how long has it been out
user2: The movie, Iron Man, debuted in 2008!
user2: So approximately, ten years!
user1: Is it an action movie?
user2: The movie involves arms trafficking, f-22 Raptor fighter jets, crminals, coups, and weapons. So.....
user1: sounds exciting.
user2: Also, missiles.
user1: Ithink I would enjoy it
user2: Great!
user2: IS there anything else you would like to know?
user2: Are you still there?
user2: What do I have to do now?
user2: I can't finish the conversation yet
user1: I'm not sure
user1: Does it automatically stop/

conversation:
user2: Hi! Have you seen the movie "Iron Man"? It's a great movie starring Robert Downey Jr.!
user1: Hey, no, I haven't. What kind of movie is it?
user2: It's a super hero movie. It's 10 years old now but it really had amazing special effects for its time. That's one thing critics loved about it
user1: Is the plot any good? Those super hero movies can be kind of repetitive.
user2: I think this one was pretty unique. It dealt with Tony Stark's character flaws of him trying to discover who he really is.
user1: How about the rest of the cast? Any other big names?
user2: Gwenyth Platrow was in it. She's Starks' personal assistant and love interest. I don't think her character was really too great though.I felt like she was in it more for the comedy.
user1: Well, they can't all be winners I suppose. Gotta have a few comedic characters.
user2: True. I suppose she was really important to him. Just not to the movie itself.
user1: So you'd recommend it overall? How about a rating?
user2: Yes overall I thought it was really a great movie. The acting was overall really good as well. You'd really believe Robert Downey Jr. was the character. It was amazing watching him metamorphisze from being totally self absorbed to caring about others - at least enough to rescue the world.
user1: Does he play something of an anti-hero? I always like those characters.
user2: I suppose you can say that. It is really a good guy. He just wrestles with the idea of being good and caring about others even before he builds the Iron Man suit.
user1: How's the action? I'd imagine there's a lot given the genre.
user2: Yeah it's got lots of really great action sequences! It was known for its great CGI and thought of way ahead of its time. I suppose now the CGI wouldn't look so great but the fights do still tend to look realistic.
user1: Is he up against some kind of Arch-Nemesis or just a bunch of random bad guys?
user2: I wouldn't exactly call it an arch nemesis type situation. Just a bad guy arms dealer who's selling illegal weapons around the world and attacking small villages.
user2: Lol yeah that's why I never watch these things for the intricate plots. I love them for the fun action sequences though.
user1: I see, was the villain played well, or interesting? An arms dealer doesn't sound too scary.
user2: No he wasn't particularly good or memorable. He was trying to reverse engineer the Iron Man suit. That was his big deal.
user2: Reading and trying to write out this plot really reminds me how ridiculous these movies really are. But it's a good fun ridiculous I guess.
user1: Yeah, they can't all be serious I suppose. People definitely buy the tickets and such though. Would I need to know any of the backstory, or do they go over all that?
user2: No this is the first one in the series they explain the whole origin story. I will say that I remember the movie just starts off with you kind of thrown in so if you're not familiar with the backstory you probably won't know what's going on.
user2: That's my big problem with sequels. I never remember what happened in the previous movies so I feel like I'm just trying to figure everything out from zero.
user1: Yeah, even just missing a week of a tv show can screw things up for the viewer, nevermind watching a sequel two years later.
user1: Still, I guess if they even made sequels it's probably pretty good.
user2: I guess that's why I've never been able to get into any of those over dramatized serial tv shows. It feels like nothing happens in each episode but so much happens that you have to keep track of everything.
user2: It's definitely enjoyable. Marvel is a giant company so they obviously have lots of fans!
user1: They're definitely getting bigger. They pump out these movies every month now. 
user1: A whole lot of comic book fans still out there, apparently.
user2: Yeah I've never been into comic books. But I follow the whole Marvel movie world universe a bit and am just amazed at how many movies there are and how they all fit together like a puzzle. I'd never be able to keep track of all of it.
user2: I was happy when each movie was a unique standalone item.
user1: Well, I'll have to see if it's on Netflix or something. Thanks for the reccomendation.

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: been waiting for a partner for a half hour
user1: We got Iron Man for our movie discussion
user2: jejejejeje no problem I'm here
user1: these hits are cool if someone shows up
user1: have you seen Iron Man
user1: ?
user2: yes , of course..
user2: Ironman 1...???
user1: 2008
user1: I think it is part 1
user1: I havent seen it in a while
user2: I think not .. I've only seen, I think the 3 and the avengers
user1: I remember liking the movie
user2: Who is the director of this?
user1: Jon Favreau
user2: He also acts, right?
user1: he got too fat to act so he had to start directing
user2: heheheheheheh
user2: and the cast ??
user1: Robert Downey Jr is iron man
user1: Terrence Howard is his buddy
user1: Gwyeneth Paltrow is his assistant/love interest
user1: I wish genius billionaire playboy
user2: and what is this movie about? origins?
user1: that's how he is described
user1: yeah, he designs his suit in this one
user1: learns to use it
user2: does another avenger appear? or what's the story about?
user1: some guy builds another suit
user1: no other avengers
user1: so some evil guy builds a suit and steals this nuclear reactor from Tony Stark
user1: they fight it out of course
user1: it had really good special effects
user2: ohh right .. It's like a duel against its opposite ...?
user1: I think Tony Starks suit was better
user1: Iron man ends up knocking evil guy into this reactor
user1: it explodes
user1: good guys win
user2: great..!!And what do the critics of this movie think?
user1: rotten tomatoes say 94%
user1: Metacritic gave it 79/100
user2: wow that's very good
user1: it was a good flick
user2: bro, thank you very much for this talk, a hug, happy day
user1: thanks,
user1: see ya around

conversation:
user1: Hi!
user1: Do you like Ironman?
user2: hello
user2: i think he is definitely one of the cooler superheros
user2: what about you?
user1: Yes, he is so great. Tony Stark plays a great role in it
user1: Also, his buddy James Rhodes in the movie is played by Terrance Howard.
user1: It got really good reviews as well.
user2: yeah rotten tomatoes gave it 94% so you know it has to be good
user2: it is a good origin story too
user1: Yes. Gwyneth Paltrow plays Pepper Potts in it as well. She is gorgeous.
user2: the studios really messed up with Hulk and Spiderman so was good to see that one got right
user2: I like stark and his head of security, cant remember his name but they play off each other really well
user2: Jeff Bridges as the main bad guy Obadiah i thought was interesting but he played the double cross well
user1: Yes! I love Robert Downey Jr. in this movie though. He is so funny.
user2: i was worried at first, 2008 he wasn't doing so well with things
user2: he really nailed the Tony Stark character though
user1: Yes. Stark is the playboy billionaire who inherited the company from his late father.
user1: Him and Rhodes head to Afghanistan during a tough time to promote their new weapon, the "Jericho" missile. After the demonstration, Stark and his convoy are ambused.
user1: Stark is gravely injured and is abducted by terrorists.
user2: Jon Favreau was the director and played in the movie, ive always liked his work
user1: The terrorists tell him they want him to build them a jericho missile.
user1: He is kept captive with Yinsen. Yinsen is a doctor who he befriends.
user2: terrance howard was in it as the air force officer but i didnt really think he did a great job, im glad they replaced him for the follow on movies
user1: After Stark escapes, his company holds a charity event. Stark is informed by a reporter that his company has been selling weapons to the terrorist group, The Ten Rings. They were using these weapns to attack the home vilage of Yinsen.
user1: Stark is mortified. He learns that his assistant Stane has been going behind his back trafficking weapons to these illegals. He quickly comes up with a new and improved body suit idea that eventually turns into the Ironman.
user1: He throws on his new armors and flies to Afghanistan where he saves the villagers.
user1: On his way back, two fighter jets notice something in the sky and shoot him out of it. Rhodes finds out that the suit is in fact Tony. 
user1: Meanwhile, the Ten Rings gather all the pieces from when Tony escaped them and begin to converse with Stane about putting together their own suit.
user1: Pepper ends up discovering that Stane is against Tony and had initially hired the Ten Rings to kill him
user1: Potts meets with Agent Phil Coulson of S.H.I.E.L.D. to inform him about Stane.
user2: i like how SHIELD spun off into its own television show
user1: You need to only speak about Ironman to complete the HIT.
user2: sorry, im new at this and just started two days ago
user1: No problem!
user1: You are doing fine. Just talk about the paragraphs to your left.
user2: easy enough...thanks for the tip
user2: Stane's scientists tried to replicate the ARC reactor technology which set up the main confrontation between him and Stark
user2: He tries to steal Tony's reactor that is keeping him alive to use in his own suit he is making
user1: Yes!
user2: He gets it but Stark survives using older reactor and heads to Stark Industries
user2: The main fight of the movie unfolds as Stark must defeat Stane and his more weaponized suit
user2: Stark defeats him buying going higher than Stane's suit can withstand and it freezes crashing him back to the ground
user1: Yes. 
user1: The massive electrical surge causes Stane and his armor to fall into the exploding reactor.
user1: This kills him and the next day, Stark comes out and admits that he is Ironman.
user2: being the brash billionaire that he is he just couldn't live behind a secret identity despite his new found appreciation for creating things other than weapons of war
user1: Yes, exactly.
user2: thanks for the tip on this!  thats so much easier
user1: Have a good afternoon.

conversation:
user2: hello
user2: good day
user1: I am so glad RDJ took on this role! What a huge comeback!!
user2: ohh really
user2: what was the title of the movie?
user1: I couldn't imagine anyone else as IronMan. Could you?
user1: Iron Man!
user2: ohh yes.. 
user1: I can't believe it has been 10 years since the movie came out, though.
user2: really it a decade already
user2: what was the ratings then?
user1: I always forget that Gwyneth Paltrow was Pepper.
user2: in the first movie?
user2: Ahaha.. she was so sexy in Iron man ahaha
user1: It's funny that Rotten Tomatoes gave it 94% on average and only 79 on Metacritic
user2: ohh it was high enough
user1: And since this is the first movie it still has Terrence Howard as Rhodey.
user2: I forgot who directed the Irob man
user1: Who was it?
user2: I dont remeber..
user1: Jon Favreau
user2: Rhodey is that the character of the soldier who always help iron man?
user1: yeah
user2: I see..
user2: I am waiting for their coming movie
user2: Avengers
user1: yeah, they all look awesome
user1: I need to rewatch Iron Man. I forget all the key scenes
user2: and I am waiting for hulk's being iroman ahaha
user1: Like the charity event. Forgot all about that.
user2: Yeah me too.. its been long time enough to remember all ahaha
user2: how many sequels they have now?
user2: is it 3 or 4 already?
user2: better to watch it with our sons ahaha
user1: I'm not sure how many
user1: maybe 3
user2: yeah I think so.. bye

conversation:
user2: Hi!
user1: hello ;)
user1: Have You seen any good movies recently ?
user2: so, are you into SuperHero movies?
user2: Oh! certainly
user1: allright... I mean yes. I do like superhero movies ;)
user2: I've seen Birdman, and 12 Angry Men
user1: ? 12 Angry men is a superhero movie ?
user2: both of those aren't, actually hahaha
user1: ...must be something like Justice League... ;
user1: lol
user2: 12 Angry Man is a really old movie, it's a classic
user2: I highly recommend it
user2: and Birdman as well
user1: so what movie would You like to talk about ? ;)
user2: well, today we're talking about Iron Man
user2: have you seen it?
user1: ugh... part one You mean ? I did... very long time ago... hardly remember it... 
user1: Did You liked itr ?
user1: *it ?
user2: yeah, the first installment 
user2: I really liked it
user2: it was decent
user1: what was so good about it ?
user2: the casting was great
user2: the origin story, really
user2: it was well though-out
user1: really ? Other that Robert Downey jr, who was there ?
user2: the legendary Jeff Bridges
user1: oh yes ! The Dude ! :)
user2: and, of course, Gwyneth Paltrow
user1: yeah ok, she is hot ;)
user2: do you agree with the ratings it got?
user2: 94% on Rotten Tomatoes
user1: 94 ? A little high, but sure, I remember it to be entertaining...
user1: do you agree with those rating ?
user1: hello ?
user1: I guess we're done here...  thx
user2: wait
user2: Oh! yeah, yeah! you're right
user2: that's it
user2: it was nice talking to u
user2: have a nice day
user1: u2 m8 thx ;)

conversation:
user2: Good evening!
user2: So, we're Iron Man fans I guess.  What's the best part of the Iron Man movies?
user1: Hello, how are you?
user1: Yes, I really like Marvel Comics movies!
user2: Good deal, so do I.  A big fan of the comics themselves too, they've done a fantastic job of creating the MU.
user1: I enjoyed the characters, like Robert Downey Jr. and Terrence Howard.
user2: Except for the FF of course.  Another topic for another day I think....
user1: What did you like about the movie?
user2: Yes, Robert Downey Jr nailed it.  Too bad Terrance couldn't continue his role, but Don Cheadle has done great too.
user1: Gwyneth Paltrow did a pretty good job too!
user2: Downey's performance, but I liked the updated version of his origins.  
user2: Some good easter eggs too, I saw the Ten Rings hints in there.
user2: Paltrow did well too, although I'm not a fan of her's.
user1: I like the fact that the character Tony Starks was portrayed as a "playboy".
user2: Yes, that part was even better than the comics.  They have to water some of that down in the print version.
user1: Yes, I agree.  I also liked how the included some realism within the settings of the film and included Afghanistan as "war-torn".
user2: It was good to see how seeing the first hand reality of that opened Stark's eyes to what his weapons were doing.
user1: Exactly! And the fact that Stark was offered freedom for the exchange for a Jericho missile was epic, further helping him see the horrors of his weapons.
user2: The ending was neat where he copped to being Iron Man, setting up the sequel.  The comics made a big deal of his secret identity for decades.
user1: Oh, I did not realize that his identity was was a secret.  Going back to his weapons....I also think the fact that the missile ended up in the hands of the Ten Rings anyway, and was used to attack Yinsen's home village really helped to shape his view of his weapons.
user2: True.  It was fun to see him go back there with the Mark 2 armor to get some payback.
user1: Yes, that was really fun to watch.  I just realized that he revealed his identity in an attempt to end the attack...that's really cool!
user2: I'm sure it made IM2 much easier to write, without that added complication.
user1: Yes, I'm sure.
user1: What did you think about Stane ambushing Stark at his home?
user2: I knew it would happen at some point, he'd been outed as the bad guy by then and his attack on the mercenaries in Afghanistan showed he had some cool tech of his own.  It was just a question how Tony would recover and vanquish Stane.  
user2: The Stane character was really cool in the comics as well, I wish they'd done more with him.
user1: Yes, I agree and the fight between Stark and Stane was pretty cool as well!
user2: Yes.  The Iron Monger armor was wicked looking.
user1: It was! The massive electrical surge that caused Stane's death was pretty wicked too!
user2: Yes, the way they incorporated the Arc reactor into the death scene!  Good to see Stane done in like that.
user1: Yes it was.  Now, I see that Stark publicly announced that he was Iron Man at the press conference.
user2: The last lines of the movie, I think.  The whole plan to lie about everything goes out the window as Stark blurts out the thing that's on the top of his head.  Then it cuts to the credits so we wonder about everyone's reaction.  Well played, I thought.
user1: Indeed, well played indeed!  It really sets the scene for the sequel.  
user2: Yep.
user2: Well, I'm heading out.  Good luck!
user1: Thank you, you too!

conversation:
user2: Hi! So, what's this movie that you've recently seen?
user1: Hello. Have you seen the movie Iron Man?
user2: Yes I have. I really enjoy the Marvel Universe.
user1: Do you think of Iron Man as a super hero? After all, he doesn't have any super powers.
user2: He is definitely a hero, and his intelligence and ability to create technology could be construed as "super", so yes, I do consider hi a super hero.
user1: Do you consider Obidiah Stane to be a super villain? 
user2: Yes, again, technologically advanced and all.
user1: So would anyone in a suit be a "super"?
user2: To a degree. Willingness and ability to use the suit matter. Falcon and War Machine are both "super" because of the suits they wear, but it is the people that they are that make them heroes.
user1: Would you watch this film if it focussed on the character of Yinsen, who created the suit with Stark, rather than the man who wore it?
user2: Maybe, but it probably wouldn't be as exciting.
user1: Why do you think they made the suit for Stark, who was injured and unfamiliar with the area, instead of Yinsen? 
user2: Stark had the power cell in his chest to power it, right?
user1: Yes, but Yinsen built it. 
user1: Why do you think Pepper Potts doesn't have a suit?
user2: Yinsen probably didn't consider himself physically able to control the suit. Pepper spends too much time on Goop looking up alternative medicines and such. Just kidding. I could fully see Pepper Potts donning a suit and being a hero. 
user1: Heheh.
user1: It seems that only powerful men get suits, including Obidiah Stain, who doesn't seem to have much physical prowess. 
user2: I think that has been the norm, but it is changing. Jessica Jones and Trish Walker (soon to be Hellcat) have started to change the narrative.
user1: I think we'll be seeing a few more Wakandan women on our screens very soon. 
user1: What's the difference between Tony Stark and Batman?
user2: There are a lot of differences and similarities between the two. Tony is a show off, Batman is very secretive. They both are wealthy and glean their abilities from intelligence and technology. They are both considered to be leaders by their peers. Tony can fly, Batman can not. Batman has a cave, Tony has a tower.  
user1: If you took away their money, would they still be superheroes?
user2: Depends on what kind of situation they were put in, but yes.
user1: The movie got a 79/100 from Metacritic and a 94% of Rotten Tomatoes. Do you think these are fair scores?
user2: Sure. Scores are just a conglomeration of opinions so they are generally not unfair. I would probably put it somewhere between those two.
user1: Unlike Batman, and against the advice of SHIELD, Tony Stark comes out as Iron Man at the end of the film. Do you think this was a wise decision?
user2: Probably not wise, however, Stark doesn't do well with secrecy, so it was inevitable, and probably easier to deal with in the long run.
user1: It does seem to fit his character.
user1: Do you remember how Stark defeated Stain at the end of the film?
user2: Not off hand. It's been a while since I saw it.
user1: It was actually Pepper Potts who saved him by overloading a reactor, causing Stain to fall. I didn't remember that either.
user2: Ah, well, I guess she is the hero afterall.
user1: If only the actress would follow suit, but I digress...
user1: Is it fair to considered Iron Man to be a disabled superhero? Is his suit a fancy wheelchair?
user2: I think that is a bit of a reach.
user1: Would you watch a film where the here is disabled in some way?
user1: here=hero
user2: Sure. I like to see people overcome disadvantages, especially in a heroic way.
user1: And we're done. Thanks for the conversation, and have a great day. :)
user2: u2

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: Hey there
user1: how are you
user2: I'm doing well, thanks. You? Did you enjoy the movie?
user1: yes, i love robert downey jr as ironman
user1: he's hilarious 
user2: He's okay, I like him as an actor. I'm not a fan of Iron Man in general though. 
user2: The movie itself was okay
user1: I don't like that they replaced terrance howard for the second movie
user1: and I dont particularly care for gwenyth paltrows character either
user2: Yeah. I didn't realize Jon Favreau had his hands in this one. 
user2: I liked Tonys' interaction with Yinsen the most. I liked their dynamic
user1: there is a lot of cool action scenes
user2: Oh yeah. the Rotten Tomato score is higher than I thought
user2: I love anything Jeff Bridges does, too.
user2: Still there?
user1: yes sorry 
user1: had to bring cans in its storming. I love jeff bridges as well. 
user2: Ah, I gotcha. No worries. I thought Gwenyth was a good fit but I'm not a fan of the whole "will they/won't they" interaction.
user1: Yes, that is played out.
user2: Exactly
user1: The tony stark character is believable though. Billionaire playboy etc.. That's how I imagine Elon Musk lol
user2: I thought the scene with the reporter was a little much too. Like, do they have to sleep together? Stark is a skeeze.
user2: Oh no, I get it. it's believable
user2: Lol, nooo, you think Musk is really like that?
user2: God I hope not. I can kind of see it though. Musk Industries.
user1: I think they threw that in to play up the playboy persona.
user1: I think his tesla probably flies and he's definitely got a personal spaceship to escape if shtf
user1: lol
user2: I know, it's just.... I don't find his personality that irresistible. It's just me though. 
user2: Lol, he 100% does.
user1: I like that starks power lies in his suit like batman and he's kept alive by the magnet thing
user2: So, Stane just takes the reactor....just like that. With the relationship they had, could he not find another way to go about it? 
user1: like he's a mortal like batman is what i meant
user2: Yeah, he and Batman are very much alike. Rich boys with toys *and conviction*
user2: Oh, poor Yinsen. Well, he said everyone he loved was dead anyway. Sad.
user1: not really. another worthless character
user2: Yinsen is worthless?
user1: I mean more like the touchy feely stuff is different for a comic movie
user1: you forget sometimes that you are watching a superhero film and figure its like a dramedy or something
user1: It takes away from his machoness to be indebted to someone for both his life and his suit
user2: Oh, I gotcha. Well, to a certain extent. Sometimes you need that in order to relate to the character more or for the hero to learn some humility. I can't relate to a billionaire playboy but I can relate to certain feelings of friendship, lonliness, and feeling like a failure. 
user2: Nah, if I want pure Macho, I'll watch wrestling. The point of a mortal superhero is that they're also like us. 
user1: Yes but I think favreau's style is more romantic comedy type stuff and that shines
user2: You have a point there. That is more of his expertise.
user2: I'll have to look up his IMdB at some point, now I'm just curious.
user2: Also, I don't fully understand why Tony decided to divulge that he is Iron Man. It's been a while.
user2: well, I think we're done. Thanks for the conversation, Have a great day! I hope the storm doesn't get too bad.
user1: THank you have a fantastic day 
user1: I hope you take a second look at the franchise

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hello
user2: Have you seen the movie Iron man
user1: No, I haven't 
user1: What's it about?
user1: Any good?
user2: Marvel Comic, Superhero... Tony Starks, who plays iron man's company was overtaken by his friend and he attempts to keep his company, save his life and build a new suit 
user2: it is really a great movie ! a thriller at best 
user2: and it's extremely funny 
user1: Really? Wow, I should definitely see it!
user1: When did it come out?
user2: 208
user2: 2008
user2: plus you'll love the sequels ... 
user1: There are sequels??
user1: Wow
user1: how many??
user2: it's not listed but you will see the character in other marvel movies
user1: oh wow, I'll have to check them out
user1: what actors are in it?
user2: robert downey is one of them 
user2: terrence howard is another 
user2: and jeff bridges 
user1: I love robert downey !!!!!!
user1: He's one of my favorite actorss
user1: is there a vilian?
user2: jeff bridges is the friend who turns against him ..
user1: oh damn
user1: so he was a friend!?
user1: omg
user1: Does it have a good rating?
user2: yes
user2: great ratings 
user1: Wow, that's cool
user1: I have to see it
user1: Do you have any more information on the movie for me?
user2: you must!
user2: definitely 
user2: what do you want to know 
user1: More about the plot?
user1: Or the director?
user2: Genius, billionaire, and playboy Tony Stark, who has inherited the defense contractor StarkIndustries from his father, is in war-torn Afghanistan with his friend and military liaisonLieutenant Colonel James Rhodes to demonstrate the new "Jericho" missile. After thedemonstration, the convoy is ambushed and Stark is critically wounded by one of his owncompany's rocket-propelled grenades. He is captured and imprisoned in a cave by aterrorist group, the Ten Rings; Yinsen, a fellow captive who is a doctor, implants anelectromagnet into Stark's chest to keep the shrapnel shards that wounded him fromreaching his heart and killing him. Ten Rings leader Raza offers Stark freedom in exchangefor building a Jericho missile for the group, but Tony and yinsen know that Raza will not keep his word. 
user2: The name of the director is Jon favreau 
user2: I hope I answered all your questions ! Later
user1: ok?

conversation:
user1: Hello how's it going?
user2: Great how are you
user1: Pretty good. What did you think of Iron Man?
user2: I really liked the movie. I have seen it several times. What about you? What are your thoughts? 
user1: I've also seen it several times and so have a lot I can say about it. I always liked the "feel" they put into the movie with the music 
user1: Never thought about it from a director's standpoint. John Favreau is really talented
user2: Yes he is. It is amazing what he is able to do with movies, especially in the Marvel franchise
user1: And I really don't think any other actor than Robert Downey Jr. could have done even half as good a job 
user1: Yeah I don't know which all ones he's directed, but he kept Iron Man on track for sure
user2: You are correct! Robert Downey did a great job!
user1: I can't imagine anyone else being Tony Stark now
user2: You're very right. Gweneth Paltrow was also great
user1: All the cast of the first Iron Man movie were good actually, Terrence Howard was the best Rhody
user1: Yeah Gwyneth Paltrow played her role really well. Probably more credit to the director thinking about it
user1: What'd you think about the story line?
user2: I thought it was great. The creation of the character and story as it unfolded was really well done
user1: Yeah I agree the way Tony changed with the early plot was super
user1: Being captured didn't completely change his persona but it developed it and inspired him to be Iron Man really nicely
user2: That's right. It also showed off his genius and abilities which setup the rest of the movie and well
user1: Do you think seeing it several times has made you look at the plot differently
user2: I am not sure. It probably has, but each time I think I see the same things from the movie, but still love it
user2: What about you?
user1: I don't think the way I've looked at it has changed at all ever lol
user1: it's just that good every single time 
user2: I agree with you there!
user1: maybe Jeff Bridges seems more like a dick each time?
user2: I think he plays the character well... At first I kinda liked him in an odd way in the role, then decided nah I didnt
user1: His character is gets real evil really fast
user2: Yes it does. What did you think of his solution to the arc reactor?
user1: They probably could've changed stuff about his character actually to make the movie better. He was in the background more than he could have been
user1: Which solution are we talking about
user2: Where he tries to recreate the recator to create his own suits
user1: Doesn't he end up taking Tony's reactor
user1: Yeah he does...I do think his suit wasn't nearly as cool as the Iron Man suit
user1: Again they probably could have developed his character a little more I think
user2: Yes I agree
user2: The arc reactor in general was super cool
user1: Yes but it probably doesn't have any real scientific basis whatsoever lol
user1: Anyway thanks for the conversation, and hope you see some good movies in the future!
user2: You too!

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello, How are you doing today?
user2: Good, you?
user1: Doing great, how did you feel about Iron Man?
user2: I thought it was really good.
user2: You?
user1: It was the only super hero film that I liked to be honest.
user2: Yeah? What did you like about it?
user1: I think the story and character development in this film was better than any of the others that came after.
user1: You really get pulled in I feel.
user1: I also think since this is the first film, it's hard to be better than originals..
user2: Yeah, it starts out really differently
user1: What did you like about it?
user2: I like the story too. 
user2: I like that it's not like a lot of other superheroes
user2: The main character isn't exactly heroic at first
user1: I agree, there is something different about the iron man movies.
user2: Also, Robert Downey Jr. is great.
user1: I think Robert Downey Jr did a stellar job in this film.
user1: He really brought Tony Stark to life.
user2: Yes
user1: I didn't like Terrence Howard as Rhodes though.
user2: Also, Phil Coulson is in it!
user1: Everyone loves Coulson.
user2: Do you?
user1: Oh yeah, 100%. I think it's refreshing to see a normal human being that isn't afraid of being next to these gods and such.
user2: For sure
user1: his laid back attitude is great in my opinion
user2: Well and that's something that makes Iron Man unique - he's just a regular human.
user1: He's th kind of guy that would look at superman and say "So what?"
user2: Yeah, he doesn't freak out about anything
user2: It was good talking to you.

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: Hello
user1: have you watch the movie?
user2: What movie?
user1: Iron man
user2: Yes I just saw it
user2: It was pretty good, have you seen it?
user1: tell me what you know about the movie
user1: I have not seen it
user2: Rober Downey Jr plays Tony Stark
user1: oh thats cool
user2: The role suits him well
user1: tell me more about the movie
user1: the role he played
user1: are you there?
user1: no response?
user2: It's a superhero movie based on the marvel comics of the same name
user1: oh thats interesting
user1: like black panther
user2: Was Black Panther directed by the same director?
user1: the same marvel directed black panther
user2: When did Iron Man come out anyway?
user1: have you seen that also?
user2: I haven't seen Black Panther yet, no, but I heard it's good
user1: it came out 2008
user1: it is a good movie, you need to see it
user1: aI saw it in the first weeks
user2: I enjoyed the scene where Yinsen saves Tony Stark's life 
user1: the avengers will come out by may
user1: it will be a good movie
user1: oh thats interesting
user2: The ending of Iron man was really interesting aswell
user2: Stark admits to the press that he's "Iron Man"
user1: oh I need to see the movie
user1: is it iron man 3?
user2: No this is the first Iron man. It has good ratings: 94% on Rotten Tomatoes

conversation:
user2: Hi! So how did you like Iron Man?
user1: I liked it a lot! I love superhero movies! How about you?
user2: Same here!  I loved it! I completely agree with CinemaScore's rating of A . So who was your favorite character?
user1: I would have to say it was a tossup between Robert Downey Jr. or Terrence Howard. Hbu?
user1: *How about you?
user2: I would say Robert Downey Jr's portrayal of Tony Stark and Iron Man was my favorite although the entire cast did a wonderful job. Even Jeff Bridges was wonderful as the shady Obadiah Stane!
user1: I totally agree with the reviewers about the greatness of the special effects. How did you like them?
user2: I'm like you: I agree as well. It truly was an expansively entertaining special effects extravaganza! Do you feel Rotten Tomatoes and CinemaScore's ratings were accurate?
user1: Well I think that both scores should've been higher! I would say around mid-80s what do you think about the scoring?
user2: I felt an A score and 94% were about right for this film I suppose. I disagreed with the critic who said it had a slightly depressed, going through the motions feel. It's like what movie did he watch? Ha!
user1: Yea like how harsh can you get!
user1: I thought Robert Downey Jr. Looked great in this film!
user2: So true! I loved the beginning when they demonstrated the new Jericho missle! Although the convoy ambush that followed was unexpected! I felt sorry for Tony after one of his own weapons critically wounded him.
user1: How much did you pay for your ticket to see this movie?
user2: I can't honestly say. So did you feel Raza would keep his word about freeing Tony if he constructed a Jericho missile for him? I felt Tony did the right thing by believing Raza wouldnt keep his word.
user1: Same like why else would you want a missile! I would be totally skeptical!
user2: Agreed! Well luckily Tony had Yinsen there to implant an electromagnet in his chest to keep the shrapnel from reaching his heart. No telling what would have happened if he wasn't there!
user1: How did you feel about them incorperating the Afghanistan war into the movie?
user2: I thought it tied in well with the plot considering the Jericho demonstration is basically what set the plot in motion. So were you surprised to learn Obadiah was trafficking arms to criminals and staged a coup to replace Tony as the CEO?
user1: For sure because how  elaborate must that plan have been. 
user1: Did you find Stark funny?
user2: It was surprising! I found Stark to be a genius and playboy! I also love how they included agent Coulson and SHIELD into the movie!
user1: I thought Downey was a great choice for Stark.
user1: How did you feel about Pepper Potts's role in the movie.
user2: Agreed. The entire cast was perfect for the roles they portrayed in my opinion. Even Paltrow as pepper potts.
user1: I thought it was intense when Stane fell into the exploding reactor
user2: Agreed. He clearly outmatched Tony as well!
user1: Right, even though you know the good guy always wins, i felt like this fight kept me on the edge of my seat.
user2: Same here! The fight taking them all the way to the top of Stark Industries building was awesome!
user1: Yea I loved that Paltrow got to help  in some capacity. I always like a good love subplot.
user2: Agreed.  She was a huge help in overloading the arc reactor. I can't believe Stark admitted he was Iron Man in the end. That was a surprise. How about you?
user1: Same! I think this survey is letting us finish the conversation! Nice speaking with you!
user2: Nice chatting with you about the 2008 superhero film Iron Man! Have a great day!

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hello
user2: how are you? What movie are you talking about today?
user1: I'm fine, want to talk about Iron Man?
user2: Yes, sure, is the individual movie? or the avengers ?? ..... I've only seen the avengers
user1: The first movie.
user1: Iron Man (2008),I remember I loved it as a kid
user2: ok, tell me a bit about her, who directed it?
user2: already 10 years ago! guao
user1: It was directed by Jon Favreau.
user1: It's basically the origin story of Tony Stark becoming  Iron Man.
user2: And what is the cast?
user2: the origins of ironman, yes?
user1: Robert Downey Jr. as Tony Stark.
user1: Terrence Howard, Jeff Bridges, Gwynet Paltrow
user1: I think this was the first of the MCU movies.
user2: is very good cast .... And what do the critics think about this movie?
user1: Well, it has a 94% on Rotten Tomatoes.
user1: 79 on Metacritic and an A on CinemaScore.
user2: It was very good .. It was a big step to start the universeNow tell me a little more about the plot of the movie ...
user1: It's about Tony Stark, a billionaire who develops an advanced exoeskeleton armor after a fatal accident in Afghanistan.
user2: great, how did he do it?
user1: After being captured by a terrorist group, they demand to him to build a Missile for them, he instead builds an armor with the help of a fellow captive.
user2: if it's something that only Tony would do .. what else happens ?? without much spoiler jejejej
user1: This captive builds a device a device for his chest that's wounded, he manages to escape but his captive friend is dies.
user2: that sounds very sad ... but I imagine that reason to tony
user1: Personally I loved the script by Mark Fergus and Hawk Ostby
user2: why?
user1: It does a good job of setting up the characters and create tension.
user1: It makes for a very good action movie.
user2: ok..
user2: thank you very much my friend, your recommendation will make me see this movie, have a nice day, a hug
user1: Thanks, bye.

conversation:
user1: Do you have the fact sheet?
user1: What movie is it ?
user2: iron man
user1: Which one ?
user2: this is kinda gay, so im gonna jack off instead. bye bot
user1: How much in box office>

conversation:
user1: Hey
user2: Hi, how are you?
user1: Good.  Have you seen Iron Man?
user2: I have. I love Iron man movies. 
user1: It got a 94% rating on Rotten Tomatoes!
user1: Can you believe it was released in 2008?
user2: At least they got a high rating.  
user2: Has it really been 10 years already?
user1: I guess so.  If memory serves me correctly, Robert Downey Jr. played Tony Stark/Iron Man.
user2: He did.  I can never remember the name of his girlfriend.  I think her name is pepper in the movies.
user1: He played the "genius inventor" and owned Stark Industries which was a weapons manufacturer for the US Gov.
user2: And he had jarvis.  :) his new ones don't have jarvis anymore. makes me sad.
user1: Jarvis was cool.  The series starts with Tony Stark in Afghanistan conducting some sort of weapons test and gets injured by a weapon that his own company made.
user2: I am going to have to rewatch this movie.  Didn't he get the thing in his chest because if getting hurt?
user1: That leaves shrapnel close to his heart and while he is being held captive, some other mechanical genius creates the electromagnet that he wears in his chest.
user1: He is eventually let go but only after promising to build a missile for the leader of The Ten Rings.
user2: That's what I thought.  Do you know who the director of the film was?
user1: Jon Favreau.  Not a household name but obviously a good director.
user2: Very good director.
user2: Does rotten tomatoes say anything else useful in it?
user1: 7.7/10 would recommend.
user1: Tony finds out after returning to the US that his weapons are being used to attack innocent people.
user2: Sounds about right.  I think I will watch it tonight. Have an iron man avengers marathon. 
user1: He creates the Iron Man suit and flies back to Afghanistan to stop the arms deal.
user1: The arc reactor has got to be one of the coolest gadgets in movie history.
user2: It is, next after that is thor hammer  ;) 
user1: Agreed.  The bad guy, Stane, gets to Stark at his house and removes the original arc reactor from his chest.
user2: I don't remember that part.  
user1: He is nearing death and barely makes it to the reactor to replace it and then a big battle ensues.
user1: The have a big fight on top of the building and he instructs Pepper Pots :) to overload the reactor powering the building.
user1: The massive electrical surge created cause Stane to fall in the reactor.
user2: Well thanks to you, I will be watching this movie again tonight.  
user1: Sounds like a plan.  This was also the 1st introduction of "SHIELD" when they question him after the big fight and Tony admits to being Iron Man.
user1: Obviously that has led to a ton of movies.
user2: A lot of good movies.  
user2: Have a great day!  It was nice chatting with you. 
user1: Same.  Enjoy the movie!
user2: Thank you. 
user1: Bye
user2: Bye

conversation:
user1: Hello.
user2: Lol, hey there, hows it going?
user1: Im doing great, thanks for asking, you?
user2: I am doing fine myself, so lets talk about one the best movies in the MCU.
user1: Arguably the best I think.
user2: Right right, Iron Man.
user1: Yeah, do you still remember parts of this movie?
user2: Of course, I watched it more than a couple of times actually lol.
user1: Hahaha, me too, it is just the most grounded movie in the MCU.
user1: I feel like everything was simple and that made it so great since it was unassuming
user2: I know right, I also am a fan of the Director.
user2: John Favreau.
user1: Yeah, he plays the part as Happy.
user1: I also knew him from the movie The Replacements.
user2: I have heard of that movie, and wow that is interesting lol.
user1: Yeah, I loved the scene in this movie where Tony Stark did not show up in the awarding ceremony or like an event honoring his company. It tells you who Tony Stark initially.
user2: Yes, it opened up in the very first parts of the movie, you get to know the playboy arrogant type of person Tony Stark really is, and Robert Downey Jr is and should only be the Iron Man in our generation, no one else. haha
user1: Exactly, I dont see anyone other than him playing the role of Tony Stark AND Iron Man. He is just like in the comics, his height is a bit lacking but only an inch maybe but thats very minuscule of a criticism.
user2: Hahaha, yes, still the suit makes him taller.
user1: Yeah, he becomes a 6 footer inside the suit, I remember reading about it.
user2: The rating of the movie is perfect though.
user1: Definitely, an almost 8 average is perfect for the movie, 8 rating is already a compelling movie for me but not taking anything away from the movie because I loved this movie.
user2: Very true.
user2: And by the way, Obadiah Stane was such a great nemesis for the movie, or villain.
user1: I agree so, I feel like he is the most impactful and most appealing villain in the MCU.
user1: Next to Loki.
user2: Yes, even if he did not have any powers, Jeff Bridges was amazing playing the role.
user1: Us talking about this movie makes me want to watch it again, haha.
user2: Hahaha, go for it.
user1: I would! haha.
user1: Thank you so much for the conversation!
user2: Sure, you have a good one!
user1: You too! Thank you!

conversation:
user1: hello
user1: how are you
user2: Hi! fine, and you?
user1: im good
user2: I'm glad
user1: what movie do you like to talk aobut?
user2: I was hoping you would tell me 
user1: how bout iron man
user1: do u know the movie?
user2: Yes, I do
user2: Do you like Iron Man?
user1: yeah
user1: hbu
user2: What did you like about it?
user1: its fun
user2: Yes, I liked it
user1: why did u like it
user2: It tells the story in a good way
user1: do you like that movie more?
user2: Keeping you wanting to know how everything unfolds
user1: i never watched that movie
user1: can u tell me hwat's about?
user2: Which one?
user1: great gatsby
user2: Yes, it is about a wealthy man that meets the love of his life after a long time.
user1: nice
user1: who's playing?
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio
user1: anyone else?
user2: I don't remember the rest
user1: can you look it up?
user2: Do you know any of the rest?
user1: no
user2: Would you be interested on watching that movie?
user1: yeah
user1: i will definetly check it out
user1: hi
user1: great talking to you
user1: have a great day :)
user2: Great talking to you too

conversation:
user1: hey how are you
user2: just fine :) you?
user1: yes i have 
user2: did you read the document?
user1: not too bad
user2: what is the name of the movie?
user1: yes i have and ive seen this movie i own it on vudu
user2: what is it about?
user1: its about a small time stock brocker who starts out selling penny stocks
user2: is it a comedy? or a drama?
user1: both
user1: its classified as dark comedy 
user2: dark comedies are my favorite :). does it have any big-named actors?
user1: oh yeah leo DiCaprio jonah hill,marggot robie 
user2: oh. the wolf of wall street. haha. 
user2: do you like it? 
user1: oh because i have iron man up on my screen what did you have 
user1: i love that movie 
user2: i didnt get a document
user2: im confused by this task. 
user2: i think we're just supposed to be chatting about the movie in the document you received.
user2: do you know what year the movie came out?
user2: did it win any awards?
user2: im trying to think of things that would be in your "document" to ask you about.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: hello friend, are you interested in iron man?
user2: IDK, tell me a bit more about it
user2: have you seen it?
user1: It stars Robert Downey Jr and Terrance Howard. It was made in 2008.
user2: Oh, yeah,. I've heard about that one, would it be worth checking out...your personal opinion?
user1: i have seen it. it is impressive.
user1: jon favreau directed it, it is funny as well as action packed.
user1: gwenyth paltrow stars as pepper potts, tonys secretary and love interest. 
user2: I've always enjoyed Downey, Jr! And movies that are action packed and funny
user2: Oh Gwenth! I wondered who was the female actor..she rocks~!
user1: well, i mean it has 94% on rotten tomatoes, so you know its pretty good.
user2: Gwenyth is definitely a winning actress
user1: the special effects are really polished too. 
user2: especially to receive a 94% there, it confirms and passes my test then    Special Effects..the things they do today with computerized special effects seems under rated
user1: it doesn't feel like a normal comic movie,it has a military feel to it. i liked it a lot.
user2: Wonderful, I wondered what was your take on it
user1: i think robert downeys take on tony stark was as good as we will ever get. that is for sure.
user2: Does Gwenyth do a few action packed stunts herself?
user2: that's a powerful admonition...I like that
user1: she has a few for sure she is terrific. her wit is evident.
user2: Thanks for the heads' up, I know for sure that I will include it in my list of top movies to check out
user2: ....See You At The Movies!  lol   Bye 
user1: awesome! thanks a bunch!
user2: You are more than welcome
user1: jeff bridges plays obadiah stane. that is a neat name. i like it. 
user2: Obadian Stane?  That does have a ring to it, like power and magic all mixed up into one, sounds like.
user2: Is he the villian?
user1: the plot is really good, it manages to be simple but still keep you on your toes.
user1: i think so. i havent seen it in a minute.
user1: he blows up a house with people in it. it is bananas.
user2: yeah, sounds like that's very bananas...then Downey kicks his butt for doing that?
user2: oh, wait, you said you've not seen it, yet? Right?
user1: yeah stark goes nutso after that. lots of iron man fighting.
user1: his suit is awesome. lots of technology.
user2: I wonder if it also involves rescuing Pepper Pots
user2: coool !
user1: indeed it does.
user2: FAN-tastic!

conversation:
user2: Hey how are you doign today?
user1: Hi.  How are you?
user2: I'm great just got back from a movie
user1: That's cool me too.  What movie did you see?
user2: Iron Man, ever see it?
user1: Yes, I've seen it.  How did you like it?
user2: I definitely liked it, thought Robert Down Jr played a solid role as Tony Stark
user1: Wow, I'm glad you enjoyed it!
user2: Scored pretty good in the reviewsd at well, 94% on rotten tomatoes
user2: 79/100 on metacritic
user1: What did you like about it?
user2: I liked the way he was chasing the terrorisy group using stark industries and especially the special effects
user1: Yeah, I don't r emember much about the movie.
user2: One of my favorites, you should check it out again, it also has Terrence horward, jeff bridges and Shaun Toub as actors
user1: Wow, you know a lot about that movie.  Did you actually know all that, or are you just reading it off the sheet?
user2: I knew about robert downy junior but not the other guys, surprising me right now making me want to watch it again.
user2: The special effects were what I was most fun about it
user1: Quit bullshitting xD
user1: Sorry 
user1: It was rude of me to swear
user1: Wait 
user1: Are you here for the money or do you like doing this?
user2: I take my work seriously, you seem rude.
user1: I hardly read what I was supposed to do for this task.
user2: I do enjoy the movie so I dunno, if you dont wanna watch it thats cool
user1: I also enjoy movies.
user1: It's great that you take your work seriously.
user2: I liked the part where Stark took action against people using his weapons for terrorist activities
user2: When the bad guys tried to duplicate his plans and fail that was funny too
user2: Also when stark publicly comes out as Iron man.
user2: All in all I'd recommend i
user1: Yeah, I remember it having a lot of action in it.
user1: And explosions lol
user2: I hope they make a sequal.
user2: Hopefully you check it out later.
user2: I think one thing that sets iron man apart from most is that the villains are terrorists
user2: Whats your favorite superhero movie?
user1: My favorite is one of the Spidermans.  I don't really remember much superhero movies.  I actually haven't seen any in a while.
user1: What about you?  Do you have a favorite movie?

conversation:
user1: Hi there
user2: Hi!
user1: Which movie do we have?
user2: Iron Man is great movie. Robert Downey Jr. puts on a legendary performance in it.
user2: He plays an industrialist, genius inventor who is a billionaire CEO of Stark Industries. As such, he is the chief weapons manufacturer for the U.S. military.
user2: His best friend is James "Rhodey" Rhodes who is played by Terrence Howard. He plays an important role as the liasion between Stark Industries and the United States Air Force.
user1: Oh agreed. Its been awhile, but its a unique super hero movie about a very intelligent business person trying to privatize security
user2: Another very important character is Pepper Potts, played by Gwyneth Paltrow, She is Stark's personal assistant and budding love interest. 
user2: Yes, he is a very unique superhero.
user1: Whats your favorite part of the movie?
user2: Another important person in the film is Obadiah Stane. He is the second in command to Stark at the company. He is a mentor and a friend who eventually turns on Tony in an attempt to take over Stark Industries.
user2: Towards the end of the movie, he builds his own exosuit so that he can fight Stark.
user1: I dont recall him trying to take over...
user1: Why did he?
user2: So Tony Stark inherits the company from his father. Early in the movie, he is in war-torn Afghanistan with James Rhodes to demonstrate his new "Jericho" missile.
user2: After the demonstration, his convoy is ambushed and he is taken and imprisoned.
user2: He befriends a fellow prisoner, Yinsen. The terrorist group, Ten Rings, who imprisoned him, wanted Stark and Yinsen to create a Jericho missile for them.
user1: Do you know the movie this well?
user2: First, to save Tony, Yinsen implants an electromagnet into Stark's chest to keep the shrapnel shards that wounded him from reaching his heart and killing him.
user2: Yes, very well! I love this movie.
user1: Sweet
user1: I remember parts of it, but not that well!
user1: I would absolutely watch it again though
user2: Yes, so after Stark escapes the prisoner group, he holds a charity event. He is informed by a reported that his company's weapons, including the Jericho, were recently delivered to the Ten Rings.
user2: The weapons were being used to attack the home village of Yinsen.
user2: Stark was extremely mad. He throws on his new armor, the prototype Ironman suit, and flies to the village in Afghanistan. He saves the villagers and heads home.
user2: After two F-22 Raptor fighter jets see him, his identity is revealed to Rhodes over the phone in an attempt to end the attack by the jets.
user2: The Ten Rings meet with Stane secretly and he has the group killed. Stane then manufactures a new suit from the wreckage. Then, Pepper Potts finds out about Stane through the downloading of the companies illegal shipments.
user2: What do you think so far?
user1: I think you have outstanding knowledge of the movie!
user1: I love the whole series, and have watched it, though not for a while.
user2: True! I can pretty much recap the whole thing.
user1: It's like a funnier, more sarcastic Batman in some awys
user2: So now, Stane's scientists cannot duplicate the arc reactor that powers Stark's. Therefore, Stane ambushes Stark at his home and takes the one from his chest!
user2: I agree with that. Robert Downey Jr. typically provides some comic relief.
user1: Definitely. i love his interactions and snappy dialogue
user2: Exactly. So after that, Stark manages to save himself from the shrapnel in his chest by using his original reactor. 
user2: Potts and several agents attempt to arrest Stane but he has been donning his new suit and attacks them.
user2: Tony, while on his way to fight Stane, knows that his original reactor is not strong enough to compete with the one that Stane stole!
user2: While they fight. Stark and Stane end up near the top of the building and Stark instructs Potts to overload the large arc reactor powering the building.
user2: This unleashes a massive electrical surge that kills Stane. The next day, Stark announces himself as Iron Man.
user2: What do you think?
user1: I dont have the document, amongst my favorite scenes from the movie is when Stark announces he has privatized national security.
user2: Awesome!

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hi
user2: Have you ever watched Iron Man?
user2: It's a pretty cool movie
user1: I have
user2: What's your favorite scene?
user1: I always like the scenes where Iron Man is flying through the air and then lands with a HUGE impact, with his fist pounded into the ground.
user2: Oh I like the scene where he gets his orb of life
user1: I also enjoy seeing all of the cool tech and cars Tony Stark has.
user1: I'm not familiar with the orb of life. Please explain to me what that is.
user2: His chest center piece
user2: He needs it to carry all the weight of the iron suit
user2: he's not a superhero. he is just super rich
user1: Oh, I was not aware that was what it is called. Perhaps I need to watch the movie again. It's been a while since I've seen it.
user1: You're right. He only has lots of fancy equipment, no real super powers.
user2: I don't know if it's called that
user2: I made the term up
user1: Who are the actors in the movie?
user1: That's OK. The concept was well explained.
user2: Isn't it RDJ?
user1: What is RDJ?
user2: Robert Downey Jr
user1: That's right. And who plays his assistant, Pepper Potts?
user1: Talking about this is making me want to watch it again, today.
user2: Yea
user2: I want to watch it too
user2: I have no idea who plays pepper pots
user2: I thought it was a robot.
user1: I think it might be the lady who was married to the Cold Play lead singer.
user1: What is her name?
user2: Isn't pepper a robot though?
user1: No. She is human
user2: Cold Play lead singer?
user1: Gweneth Paltrow.
user2: I heard that Blink 182 kicked out Tom Delonge because Tom wanted their music to sound like ColdPlay
user2: That is funny
user1: Ok...that's funny.
user1: Well, thanks for telling me about Iron Man. Gotta go. Have a great day! 
user2: Haha you too!

conversation:
user1: Hello. What is the name of the movie ?
user2: Hello! The name of the movie is Iron Man 
user1: OK. Tell me what is is about ?
user2: The genre of the movie is labeled as Superhero. Its a film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name (Iron Man)
user2: Robert Downey Jr. is Tony Stark/IronMan an industrialist, genius inventor and consummate playboy
user2: he builds a powered exoskeleton and becomes the technologically advanced superhero known as Iron Man
user2: Have you seen the movie before? 
user1: What does he do as this superhero ?
user2: he is CEO of Stark industries and a chief weapons manufacturer for the U.S. military
user2: Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 94% 
user1: OK. But you said he is a superhero. What does he do as this superhero ?
user2: I apologize the Genre is labelled Superhero
user1: 94% is good !!!
user1: Yes, you said that before
user1: As, a superhero, what does he do ?
user2: Tony Stark aka Iron Man is a genius, billionaire, playboy, who has inherited the defense contractor Stark Industries from his father. Throughout the movie they demonstrate the Jericho missile. After the demonstration Stark becomes wounded by one of his own company's rocket propelled grenades. 
user1: Where is he wounded at ?
user2: Good question, in the movie Yinsen the doctor implants an electromagnet into Stark's chet to keep the shrapnel shards that wounded him from reaching his heart and killing him
user2: Time has flown just realized this movie was released in 2008 
user2: I had just graduated college
user2: Do you like action packed movies?
user2: or Marvel comics/characters?
user1: OK. I still don't understand just what he does as this superhero. Does he save the world somehow ? 
user1: I like action packed movies, but not necessarily Marvel comics. 
user2: Basically there is a war in Afghanistan, where Stark/Iron Man flies to in order to save the villagers
user1: Save the villagers from what ?
user2: from being attacked
user1: Being attacked by whom ?
user2: The reporter Christine Everhar informs Stark that his company's weapons , including the Jericho were recently delivered to the Ten Rings and are being used to attack Yinsen's home village
user2: Yinsen is the doctor
user2: Are you familiar with directors?
user2: IF so Jon Favreau directed this film 
user1: I am not familiar with directors. 
user2: Understood 
user2: Terrence Howard  who plays James "Rhodey" Rhodes is in the movie if you are familar with actors
user1: So his own weapons are in this doctors village and he is going there to save his own weapons ?
user2: Jeff Bridges, Shaun Toub and Gwyneth Paltrow as well
user2: Yes, Stane which is Jeff Bridges character has been arm trafficking 
user2: arm trafficking to the criminals worldwide.
user1: OK. I see
user1: So Iron Man is up against Stane ?
user2: Correct 

conversation:
user2: Okay, are you ready?
user1: Hi there Iron Man is an awesome movie if you enjoy action movies.  It is based on the comic book by the same name.  
user2: Ok yeah I've heard of it
user1: I am how are you.
user2: good to go!
user1: do you like action movie?
user2: When did Iron Man come out?
user2: Action movies can be fun, sure
user1: Well this was special effects were awesome.  The sets and mechanics were amazing
user2: Sounds like lots of explosions
user2: Who stars in the movie?
user1: Robert Downey Jr. and he is amazing.
user2: I like him, awesome.
user1: He is the man character Tony Stark
user2: What year did the movie come out?
user2: ok
user1: 2008 
user2: Oh it's been out a while
user2: Is this connected to the Avengers?
user1: yes 
user2: And is there any review information available for the movie? Like, Rotten Tomatoes or something like that?
user1: Yes it does have a rotten tomatoe listing
user2: What is the score?
user1: 7.7 out of 10 pretty good
user2: That is pretty high. And who else is in the movie? Any names I would recognize?
user1: Terrence Howard  and Jeff Bridges
user2: Both good. 
user1: I agree especially Jeff Bridges 
user2: Do you know how long the movie is, by chance?
user2: Jeff Bridges is great. Has had so many good parts over the years.
user1: I am not certain of the exact length
user1: I agree Jeff Bridges is great
user2: Ok. Any plot details or some kind of overview? Does it take place in modern times? 
user1: Tony Stark has inherited he company from his dad   and is in Afghanistan and is ambushed wounded and captured  he eventually escapes

conversation:
user1: Hi
user1: What did you think of Iron Man
user2: Hi, I thought it was okay.  I'm not a huge fan of these types of movies.  What did you think?
user1: I loved it
user1: I thought it was fun
user1: I loved the part in the cave
user2: Great!  I like Robert Downey, Jr. a lot.
user2: Was the part in the cave your favorite part of the movie?
user1: Yea I think it did a really great job of setting up the character
user2: Which was your favorite character?
user1: working with Yinsen to build the original iron man was like really well thought out
user1: Yinsen
user2: And Shaun Toub who played Yinsen did a a great job.
user1: yea
user1: such a small part but built the world so well
user2: I thought Tony Stark was pretty amazing.
user2: What did you think of Gwyneth Paltrow's character?
user2: I didn't know that this was the first movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
user2: I didn't know that this was the first movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
user1: yea
user1: it is
user1: it was kind of a big risk when it first came out
user1: they did that one and hulk back to back
user1: and hulk was supposed to be the corner stone but the movie didnt do well and they had to recast him
user2: It got good reviews because of the cool sets they had.
user2: I didn't know that.
user2: Rotten Tomatoes gave the movie 94%.  That's pretty good!
user2: The movie came out in 2008.  It doesn't seem like that long ago.
user2: Gwyneth Paltrow got some less than stellar reviews.
user1: yea
user1: she was great
user1: shes always great
user2: I thought she was, too!
user1: yea
user2: Terrence Howard was really good in this movie, too.
user1: yea
user1: and he was fired right after
user2: right
user1: he wanted to much money
user2: The scene where Stane took the reactor out of Stark's chest was a great scene.
user2: I wonder where they filmed the Afghanistan scenes?  I know it wasn't really Afghanistan, but it looked like it could be.
user1: I doubt it
user1: I think it was probably like arizona or something in southern cali
user1: there is alot of desert areas out there
user2: Yeah, that sounds about right.
user1: Yea
user1: great movie
user2: It really is. 

conversation:
user2: Hello! How are you?
user1: I am well, thanks.  What do you think about the Iron Man movie?
user2: I love the first one! How about you?
user1: I do, too.  I find that Robert Downey Jr.'s portrayal of Tony Stark is incredible.
user1: Did you like Jeff Bridges' character: Obadiah Stane?
user2: He was really made to play that role! He’s just charismatic!
user1: Which actor were your referring to?  Robert Downey Jr. or Jeff Bridges?
user2: Downey!Now I don’t really remember the villain that well
user1: I agree -- Downey was made for the role of Tony Stark/Iron Man.
user2: He started the game! Marvel is killing it especially this year!
user1: What did you think of the opening sequence of the movie?  In particular, what did you think about Tony Stark's capture by the Ten Rings terrorist group?  
user2: That was an excellent scene! How he began to build his suit 
user1: I agree.  I think Tony Stark's ingenuity was amazing, giving the limited resources available to him.  Additionally, I thought the action leading up to his capture and imprisonment by the Ten Rings was intense.
user1: given*
user2: I loved his development. He was cocky man with not much consideration for other until that event. Not the most typical superhero origin story 
user1: Precisely.  I did find a sense of irony in the fact that Stark was injured by one of his own missiles.  
user2: Exactly! The story telling is top notch. This one is definitely my top 5 of the marvel films
user2: Definitely my top 5 of marvel films 
user1: What was your reaction to discovering Obadiah was behind Stark's capture and imprisonment by the Ten Rings?
user2: To be honest I wasn’t the most surprised but it was still a good scene 
user1: You weren't surprised that Stane betrayed Stark?  Why is that?
user2: I guess the character didn’t impact me as much throughout
user2: The film so when the betrayal happen I wasn’t all too shocked 
user1: What do you mean?  And how does that relate to my previous question?
user1: What did you think about the final fight scene between Stark and Stane?
user2: That was my answer What do you mean?
user2: But I love the fight scene though
user1: The fight scene was intense.  In regards to my previous question, what I meant to ask was, how did you arrive to the conclusion that Stane betrayed Stark because his [Stane's] character did not impact you?
user1: In other words, I don't understand the logic.
user2: Oh sorry! I guess there were always signs such as the battle for the weapon plot throughout the film that have geared me the wrong 

conversation:
user2: Hello!  Do you like films that are highly rated?
user1: umm... I don't really look at the rating - plot needs to be interesting to me, that's all...
user2: Do you like superhero films staring Robert Downy Jr.?
user1: sometimes people givint those rating have no idea what they are doing
user1: sure, love the guy ;)
user1: You mean Avengers etc ?
user2: Let me tell you about the plot. Robert Downey Jr. stars as Iron Man.  He's a genius inventor.
user1: Sure, like it already :)
user2: I don't know about that, but it is certainly a superhero film.
user2: I'm glad you already like it.
user1: Does it have decent special effects ? CGI ?
user2: I did not like the character of Obadiah Stane.
user1: who the hell was that ?
user2: Yes, according to the critical response, it had entertaining special effects.
user2: Obediah Stane is Stark's business second in command.
user1: hmmm... I don't remember him... 
user2: Were you sad when Stark was critically wounded in Afghanistan?
user1: I didn't say that ;)
user1: oh oh, I think I remember him, ok
user2: Did you feel betrayed when it was reported that Stark's weapons were sold to the ten rings organization?
user1: I wouldn't say "betrayed" , but yeah it was annoying
user2: When you rewatch this movie, note that Stane is the person who has a massive new super suit that was reverse engineered from the wreckage of Stark's old suit.
user1: was it in Ironman 1 ?
user2: Yes it was.
user1: ok, it was a while since I've watched it...
user1: must watch again
user1: can't remember many things...
user2: Was it annoying when Stane's scientists struggle to duplicate Stark's arc reactor?
user2: Fair enough.  I barely remember this movie.  Although I do remember Agent Coulsen being in the film.
user1: I mean yeah, it was Stark's invention... 
user2: Isn't it a cool scene when the arc reactor explodes and destroys Stane's armor?
user1: Is that the one from Shield ?
user2: Yes, S.H.I.E.L.D.
user1: don't remember that... damn... why can't I remember so many scenes...
user1: S.H.I.E.L.D. ;) S.O.R.R.Y. ! .  :)
user2: I do not know.  But do you remember the final scene, where Stark publicly admits to being the  "Iron Man"?
user2: No worries!
user1: yes :)  hardcore scene :)

conversation:
user2: Good morning!
user2: What movie are we discussing?
user1: hello, sorry
user2: No worries.
user1: iron man
user1: do you have docs or no docs
user2: No docs.
user2: That is Jon Favreau's movie isn't it?
user1: yup
user1: have you seen it
user2: When it first came out.
user2: I remember I liked it but I have no clue what it was about haha.
user1: Yeah, there were a few of them
user2: It is animated isn't it?
user1: Jeff Bridges is in it
user1: no
user1: Gwyneth Paltrow plays his girl
user2: Jeff Bridges, awesome.
user2: Oh wow I haven't seen her in anything in a while.
user1: Stark flies to Afghanistan
user1: yeah this was 2008
user1: seems like yesterday
user2: Stark as in Robert Downey Jr? I think I'm confusing two different movies.
user1: so in ;jAfghanistan Stark finds a piece he needs for his suit
user1: yes robert downey
user1: are you thinking of the one that had Vin Diesel's voice
user2: Oh ok.
user1: iron giant, i think
user2: I think so haha! But I've seen both. Yes that's it!
user2: Ok continue, sorry.
user1: no that was a great movie
user1: it has a cult following
user2: I think Favreau directed that one too.
user1: but we have to talk about this one
user1: wait, really?
user2: I don't know, continue about Iron Man.
user2: Wow 2008, I'm getting old.
user1: this has Phil Coulson in it
user1: from jAvengers

conversation:
user1: Jeff Bridges is from my favorite movie, The Big Lebowski
user2: I enjoy Robert Downey in this role.
user1: I enjoyed him better in The Judge, however Iron Man and its sequels are iconic
user2: I agree. 
user1: Iron Man is not my favorite superhero movie. My favorite superhero movie is SpiderMan. The original of course.
user2: Gwyneth Paltrow does a great job also
user2: I'm new to doing  this.  So.. I think the graphics in the move are spectacular.
user1: I really enjoyed their romance developing 
user1: The graphics were in fact great. I didn't recognize any goofs with CGI or anyhting
user2: Yes, at first I hate how he treats her but then it gets really good.
user2: its ironic how he's being held by people how are using his own missiles and fire arms against him.
user1: Yes, that is a very interesting dynamic of the plot
user2: Yes and one of his top men turned against him. 
user2: very sad.
user1: The deception kept me at the edge of my seat
user2: I hate when Yinsen dies saving him.
user1: Yinsen is a real friend
user2: yes
user1: I was very pleased with the fact that Gwenyth Paltrow had a strong femal character
user1: female
user2: yes that was good. It nice to have a strong female character.
user2: I love the scene where he flies in and attaches himself to the F-22.
user1: that was an amazing scene 
user1: i think its funny how he names himself iron man
user2: Oh and when Pepper is in the building it gets so intense. 
user1: usually superheroes get their names from citizens
user1: it does! the suspense was crazy
user2: LOL i know. He names himself. 
user1: is he even made of iron? like how do we know?
user2: I don't know what the material is made from. Maybe the one in the cave was of iron.
user1: oh yeah that is a possibility. i dont know, i thought steel was stronger than iron so it would make more sense for him to be steel man or something ya know?
user2: that is true. I guess Iron man sounded better
user2: so have we chatted long enough about the movie???
user1: no idea lol
user1: do we hit finish conversation? 
user2: that's what im thinking...
user1: we havent gotten a fourth paragraph yet i dont think
user2: i scrolled down to it.

conversation:
user1: Have you seen iron man
user2: I just saw it, I was not let down by this film.
user1: yeah its pretty solid and fun
user2: It was. What was the main characters company name in the film?
user1: stark
user2: Oh that's right. He builds a machine like robot correct?
user1: yeah its like a mech that can fly all based on an arch reactor that keeps his heart alive
user1: its pretty cool
user2: Marvel never stops to amaze me.
user1: yeah and this is the first one that started it all
user1: its fun to look back on it all
user2: It is. Who directed this film?
user1: jon favreau
user1: also an actor but good director as well
user2: Very talented man.
user1: yes he is
user1: he just did the newest jungle book movie as well
user2: Not surprised. What was the Rotten Tomatoes review for the Iron Man film?
user1: I am not sure of the score but it was pretty solid across the board
user1: some people did not like all of the characters but did like the movie overall
user2: Who was Tony Stark captured by and forced to work in the cave?
user1: it was an organization called the 12 rings
user1: it means more in the comics but they never went all the way with in this movie
user2: When Tony Stark was flying back to the U.S from Afghanistan, what shot him down? 
user1: I believe it was one of his own weapons
user1: I am not sure, its been awhile since I have seen it
user2: How bad of a group were the Ten Rings?
user1: extremely
user1: they were isis in the comics pretty much before the real isis
user2: Do you typically enjoy super hero films? 
user1: i love them
user1: I am not sure I have seen a marvel one in this universe that I did not like
user1: what about you
user2: They are difficult to understand if you have not read the comics
user1: I guess sometimes
user1: they dont follow the comics always but I get it
user2: Who were the agents in Iron Man?
user1: they were from shield
user1: you dont know they are shield until the very end though
user1: they were the ones who connected the very first movies is this universe
user2: Are they a good or evil group?
user1: good
user1: they are whats protecting the world before the avengers are formed

conversation:
user1: Hello! Have you seen Iron Man?
user2: Hi, no I have not
user2: Have you?
user1: Yes. Well it's a superhero movie, obviously and it came out in 2008.
user2: Kinda old movie 
user1: Yeah sort of. It was directed by Jon Favreau 
user2: Its stars some pretty big actors don't you think
user2: Never heard of the guy
user1: Yeah, Robert Downey Jr. is Tony Stark aka Iron Man, and Gwyneth Paltrow is Pepper Potts, his assistant 
user2: Yeah, pretty well known names
user1: Yeah it's a pretty good one. It has solid reviews too. Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 94%
user2: Its a Marvel movie so I probably will like it
user2: Yes, it has pretty good ratings and a Cinema score of A
user1: Yeah, so Tony Stark who is a pretty big playboy, is a genius/billionare and while he's in Afganistan doing work, he gets critically wounded.
user2: Wow
user1: Yeah and then he's imprisoned for awhile and another captive who happens to be a doctor constructs an electromagnet into his chest to keep him alive
user2: He was critically wounded by his own companies rocket grenades pretty deep
user2: That is an interesting plot there
user1: Yeah it is. Jeff Bridges is in it too and he's really awesome 
user2: His name sounds familiar but I don't know him maybe if I see a picture I would know who he was
user1: Yeah, the second act gets pretty crazy when his company's weapons are being used to attack villages. 
user2: Stane has been trafficking criminals worldwide and wants to replace stark
user2: Wow and the plot gets deeper
user2: He does save the villagers go Stark!
user1: Yeah it does. Later Pepper Pots meets with the SHIELD Agent and tells him abot some undercover plans going on
user2: Yeah
user2: Stane is pretty bad
user1: Yeah for sure, he's a great villain though 
user1: It's crazy when he actually takes the thing out of Stark's chest because they can't duplicate the arc reactor.
user2: Yep its crazy but they would only do bad with it
user2: They also attempt to arrest Stane but fail
user1: I love when he goes against what the Shield agents tell him and he publicly says he's Iron Man. 
user2: I bet they were stunned lol
user1: Yeah but it's awesome, such a nontraditional thing for a superhero to do
user2: Yep, can't believe I never seen this movie
user2: Thanks for chatting
user2: Have a great day

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hi
user2: What do you think?
user1: Do you like marvel films?
user2: Yes, almost all of them
user2: I like Tony
user1: Me too
user2: Did you like the plot?
user1: It was better than I expected
user1: I want one of those suits!
user2: dreaming of it
user1: Flying would be the best part
user2: I would love to be as confident as Tony is
user2: oh yeah
user1: Confidence can be learned if you try hard enough
user2: yeah, I am trying
user1: I liked piper, too
user2: Black Widow!
user1: Yeah, cool!
user2: actually I didnt like the bad guy
user2: most of the time I think they are cool
user2: but this one..
user1: I usually identify with them but thos guy was a jerk
user2: It was rated quite good
user2: Do you look what a movie is rated like before you watch it?
user1: Yes, i look forward to the sequel
user1: You know there has to be one
user2: Ye
user1: No i usually just go with what sounds good
user2: yeah, me too
user2: first impression from the trailer
user1: A lot of times the reviews are way off
user2: yes
user2: public opinion is crap ^^
user1: Word of mouth from friends is usually more reliable
user2: yes, but depends on friends :P
user1: True, Some of mine are dorks
user2: but I really hope that Marvel makes more of these kind of movies
user1: I think they'll put out an entire genre
user2: I like the combination of playboy, genius and billionaire 
user2: thats like exactly my dream job
user1: Must be nice to have the resources to follow your passions
user2: yes, very
user1: Where do you think the series will go next
user2: I think there will be the question whether Iron Man is trusted
user2: like
user2: he can turn evil
user2: or can be trusted*
user1: Or how the government might try to exploit him
user2: hope that he will be able to avoid that
user1: I can see them wanting an army in those suits
user2: Oh well
user1: Indeed
user2: that would be terrifying
user1: Yes it would
user1: Cant rust politicians'
user1: Trust
user2: most of the time...
user2: Its better if you know that money is the motivation
user2: but with politicians
user2: you never know
user2: that arc reactor 
user1: I'm n old hippie. We used to say never trust anyone over 30
user2: thats a safe rule
user1: especially with an arc reactor

conversation:
user1: Hey how are you doing today?
user2: Good, how are you doing?
user1: Real good just got done watching a movie, you interested in hearing about it?
user2: Yeah, definitely.  What movie? Tell me about it.
user1: Iron Man, it's a super hero style movie 

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: Hello
user2: You read about a movie?
user1: Yep. Have you seen Iron Man?
user2: No, please tell me about it. What is it about?
user1: It's a 2008 film starring Robert Downey Jr.
user2: Cool. Who does he play?
user2: Iron Man?
user1: He plays Tony Stark, who is Iron Man.                                  ,  
user1: An industrialist genius inventor 
user2: Oh, ok.
user2: So is Iron Man his alter ego?
user1: Yes
user1: He creates Iron Man as a means of fighting 
user1: in military endeavors
user2: Oh,so it's a robot?
user2: What kind of military endeavours? is it a war film?
user1: Yes, it's a robot suit. It has been considered a type of military thriller.
user1: But it's more of a comedic action film.
user2: Oh, a robot suit? okay.
user2: But it's a comedy?
user2: That's a mixture
user2: Do you know who else is in it?
user1: Yeah. Pretty much. 
user1: Terrence Howard is in it.
user1: He plays a friend of Stark's and the liaison between Stark Industries and the USAF department of acquisitions, specifically weapons development.
user1: Jeff Bridges is also in the movie.
user2: I haven't heard of Terrence Howard, but I have heard of Jeff Bridges
user1: He plays Obadiah Stane, Stark's second in command, mentor and friend. He attempts to screw over Stark.
user2: Oh, so he's the villain?
user1: Yes.
user1: It's a classic superhero/super villain dynamic.
user2: Let me guess - is Stane trying to steal Stark's secrets?
user1: Exactly.
user1: The reviews were pretty decent. Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 94%
user1: Metacritic 79/100
user1: and CinemaScore A
user2: That's not bad. I should take a look.
user2: Do you know if it was more for the comedy, or the action?
user1: I think it was more for the action.
user1: But the comedy is a big part of it.
user1: Have a great day!

conversation:
user1: Hello?
user2: Hello there, the movie document I have is Iron Man.
user1: Can you tell me more about the movie?
user2: It is a good movie, it came out in 2008 and it stars Robert Downey Jr. as the titular character Iron Man.
user1: What genre is this movie?
user2: The genre for this particular movie is Superhero
user1: Does it have a lot of action, or is more conversational?
user2: It has plenty of action with lots of visually appealing CGI. The Fight scenes are well done and intense.
user1: Are there any other noteworthy actors/actresses in this movie?
user2: Yes, it has Terrence Howard, Jeff Bridges, Gwenyth Paltrow and Shaun Toub
user1: What age ranges do you think would this movie be more suitable for?
user2: It is a movie for "kids" of all ages. From five year old to the fifty year old that is younger at heart. I would say it's suitable for any audience.
user1: How long does the movie run for?
user2: Two hours and six minutes
user1: Can you describe the most memorable part of the movie?
user2: It would be when Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) discovers that his weapons are used by a terrorist or bad people. And has the epiphany to take initiative to rid the world of evil. He becomes Iron man
user1: Sounds interesting. Thank you for your time and information.
user2: You are very welcome! :)
user1: More questions about the movie... Is it a scary movie?
user1: (As in would the "bad guys" be considered scary to a young child?)
user2: No, it is not. Just a good and fun comic book/superhero movie. And no it would not be scary for a child, plenty of children have seen this movie and no issues have arisen.  
user2: It's entertaining and lighthearted.
user1: What is the name of Iron Man's company?
user2: Stark Industries.
user1: Does Tony Stark have an assistant in this movie?
user2: Yes her name is Pepper Potts (Gwenyth Paltrow)
user1: Is Pepper Potts also a love interest of Tony Stark?
user2: Indeed they develop a relationship in the movie.
user1: How strong is Tony Stark when in uniform as Iron Man?
user2: It is very powerful, it increases his strenght and durability and can take massive blows. It has a built in A.I and can shoot projectiles and can fly.
user1: Thank you again for your time and information.

conversation:
user2: Hello, take your time to go over the review
user2: so you can give me full details
user1: The movie we are discussing is Iron Man.
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: Alright
user2: Nope I haven't
user2: When was it made?
user1: I haven't either, although I do know that it starred Robert Downey Jr. as the lead character. 
user2: Ok, 
user1: I actually do like him very much. 
user2: maybe we should start from the year it was released
user1: It came out in 2008.
user2: 2008? 
user2: that's pretty old
user2: and who directed the movie?
user1: Yes, it is. It is based on the Marvel Comics character.
user1: The director is Jon Favreau. 
user2: Oh you mean it is a comedy film?
user1: No, it is in the Superhero genre. Somewhat of an action film.
user2: I see, 
user2: Did you by any chance get to know who wrote the story?
user1: The screenplay was written by the writing teams of Mark Fergus and Hawk Ostby and Art Marcum and Matt Holloway.
user1: Gwyneth Paltrow was also in the film.
user2: Hmm
user2: so what is the movie about ?
user1: The reviews seem to say the special effects were good.
user2: What happened to who, and who did what?
user1: Give me a second to go over the plot.
user2: Oh, what did Rotten tomatoes say about it then?
user1: Rotten Tomatoes 94 percent and average: 7.7/10
user2: Alright
user1: Does this seem like a film you would want to see?
user2: quite okay 
user1: I don't generally watch Superhero films, but this cast is good. Jeff Bridges is also in it.
user2: well maybe if I get a grasp of the plot I might be able to decide, moreover, the cast doesn't seem too familiar to me 
user2: does it have any comments from critics?
user1: Robert Downey plays Tony Stark, an industrialist and inventor. He also plays the role of Iron Man. 
user2: so let me guess Iron man goes about saving the day right?
user1: Yes, he is wounded by one of his own company's rocket propelled grenades and somehow in the process he becomes Iron Man. 
user2: okay he was an ordinary man before getting hit right?
user2: so the after effect of the grenade made him the iron ,man ?\
user1: It appears so. They have given me a lot of information to absorb about a film I have not seen!
user2: it doesn't matter dude 
user2: you have done well
user1: I'm trying to keep up!
user2: I have a sizeable idea of the movie right now
user1: Yes, it is old and about a comic book hero!
user2: maybe I would see it online  within the week
user1: Agree. I would be more curious now.
user2: let's talk about another movie soon
user1: Okay.
user2: enjoy your day
user1: Same

conversation:
user2: Hi there!
user1: hi
user2: What movie are we talking about today?
user1: iron man!
user1: have you seen it before?
user2: No, I have not. Have you?
user1: Yes, a long time ago
user1: Have you heard about it before?
user2: Is it a good movie?
user2: Yes, I've heard of it.
user1: I think it's the better iron man movies
user1: DO you watch superhero movies?
user2: Robert Downey, Jr. is Iron Man, right?
user1: Yes
user2: Sometimes, I got tired of them years ago and kind of stopped.
user1: What was the last one you watched?
user2: Ummm, I saw Captain America but I'm interested in learning more about Iron Man.
user1: Iron man has a really cool suit 
user1: his heart got ripped out or something and he created a cool machine heart?
user2: Ha ha, I'll bet it is. Where did he get it.
user1: I cant remember exactly what it was
user1: He built it himself!
user2: Iron Man built it himself?
user1: Yep
user1: Tony Stark
user2: I was just going to ask you what it was.
user2: His heart got ripped out?
user1: He was captured by uh terrorists and he built a suit out of junk that is able to shooot bombs and stuff
user1: I think it was like his heart wasn't functioning as well as it should
user2: And he flies, too, doesn't he?
user1: and he created this technology that replaces his heart
user2: Oh, I see about the heart.
user1: yep
user2: What does he do on his first mission?
user1: He goes to afghanistan 
user2: To help in the war?
user1: kinda
user1: he went to make sure the terrorist didnt get the a bomb
user1: Tony Stark's dad used to sell bombs and missiles
user1: Which is bad so Tony tries to stop it
user2: So he's trying to make things right?
user1: Yep
user2: Good for him. Sounds like a good movie.
user1: But he gets captured instead lol
user1: and he has to figure a way out
user2: uh oh~
user1: I hope you get to watch the movie
user2: Does he have a sidekick besides Gwyneth Paltrow's character?
user1: Uh I think Gwyneth Paltrow was just a secretary
user1: She wasn't part of the action
user1: Tony had uh jarvis
user2: Oh, good. I don't like her much.
user1: Jarvis was his assistant 
user2: Who played Jarvis?
user1: im not sure
user1: i dont even remember if he's in ironman 1
user2: Well, I think I will watch the movie. You've made it sound like fun. lol
user1: but jarvis was more of a robot assistant
user1: yep
user1: you should watch it
user2: I definitely will. I like RDJ.
user2: Do you know how long the movie is?
user1: It's like 2 hrs
user1: just like any other movie
user2: I figured it would be around that.
user2: Sometimes the superhero movies are rather long.
user1: Yea but its to really bring out each character and their specialites
user1: i feel like the 1st one from a series is usually the best
user2: Yes, I do, too. 
user1: Alright have a nice day i hope you watch iron man soon. It's a good movie.
user2: I will. Thanks!

conversation:
user1: Hi. Our movie is Iron Man
user2: Hi! It is Iron Man! How do you feel about the movie?
user1: I have never honestly seen it, but based on the ratings I would say it is pretty good. 
user2: I have seen it, and I do enjoy Robert Downey Jr. 
user1: Do you typically enjoy superhero films? 
user2: Are you a fan of superhero films, like this movie? 
user2: LOL!! Yes, I do enjoy watching them with my little ones. 
user1: LOL we think alike. I typically prefer comedies. 
user2: I didn't realize tha this movie was he first film made for Marvel
user1: I also was not aware that Gwyneth Paltrow was in the movie
user2: Yes, she was in the movie! It isn't a typical movie you would see her in though
user1: Did you find the ending predictable or surprising?
user2: I found it predictable. Most of the time, the movies are very predictable to me
user2: Do you enjoy the way that special effects are being brought on screen, such as in this movie, with flying and jumping and such
user1: I agree.
user1: I do enjoy how far the movies have developed in special effects
user1: What was your favorite part
user2: I think my favorite part was when he put the exoskeleton on for the first time
user2: I know you haven't seen it, was this something you would ever watch? 
user1: Possibly! I keep my options open with what I watch. 
user1: I have seen a few super hero movies to have a general idea of the story line of this one
user2: Agreed. I do the same. I think the rating on this is pretty accurate.
user1: From reading the key scenes, the movie seems pretty intense
user2: Yes, I agree that there are many scenes that have you at the edge of your seat! 
user1: He seems to enjoy disclosing his identity
user2: What do you think of the critical response on this movie?  If you were to read it before seeing the movie, would you watch it?
user1: I think it sounds very energetic, aside from the review saying that it is slightly depressed
user2: I do not understand where the slightly depressing is, I need to rewatch it to see what they saw
user1: I think they are referring to the plot being similar to other superhero movies
user2: I can see that, I believe Marvel has a plot that seems similar in all their comics, as well as on screen.
user2: It looks as though we can finish the conversation! It was great talking to you! 
user1: I find it interesting that they call this movie a "military thriller"
user1: You too!
user2: I saw that too!

conversation:
user2: Hi there!
user1: Hey buddy, what's up?
user2: This looks like a good movie.
user1: Yeah, it does. Did you enjoy anything about it in particular? 
user2: Haven't seen it yet, but the actors look good!
user2: Jeff Bridges is usually good.  I can see the comedic relief in his trying to take out Iron Man
user1: Yeah, Robert Downey Jr. really held the movie together. 
user2: Awesome.  I haven't really seen him in anything except older movies.
user2: Looks like it got a lot of great reviews
user2: Looks like Gwyneth Paltrow's part wasn't really deep?
user1: She didn't really play a huge role, no.
user1: How did you feel about the special effects?
user2: Apparently they were extreme!
user2: The early plot line with Stark being in Afghanistan to sell his Jericho missile seems captivating.
user1: I think it was a product of the times. It seems out of place now, didn't really age all that well.
user1: Do you typically watch superhero movies?
user2: I don't get into Marvel too much.  However, I should probably give this a shot.
user2: I like the Avengers though
user1: Yeah, it feels like a lot of people do these days. I don't really like any Marvel movies, I feel they're all the same with different characters. 
user2: exactly
user2: So, apparently according to the dossier Ten Rings is a mercenary hit group.  Did they do anything of any real interest?
user2: So, according to the responses.....  a military thriller?  As a comic book/ marvel movie?
user1: There's a loose military tie in outside of the forced early plot where he builds the suit. 
user2: Gotcha
user1: I wouldn't really call it a military thriller, other than there's some references to Tony building weapons for the military. 
user2: LOL.   I don't think this is one that I will be seeing anytime soon. 
user2: I really don't have anything else to say regarding this.  I know a lot of people liked the movie.\
user1: Would you watch a bad movie with friends if it was widely enjoyed like this one?
user2: yes
user2: but now that it is so old (unless it came on Netflix or someone already had it) I don't think that I would pay for it.
user2: Ah!  More scenes to review
user2: LOL... you are right.  A lot of comic book/ super hero movies tend to repeat the same formula.
user2: "top of the building"
user2: I am guessing the name "Iron Man" comes from his magnet?
user2: What other S.H.I.E.L.D. agents were there?
user1: While that powers his suit, it comes mostly from it being made of metal. It wasn't even really made of iron, but it was a convenient and catchy name to use. 
user2: ok
user1: I don't remember any SHIELD agents being used in the movie. If they were, they were just something to reference. 
user2: Well, i have to say that the idea of the magnet keeping the shards of metal from reaching Stark's heart in the beginning of the movie was an intriguing one.
user2: OK... well the SHEILD agents were referenced in the paper
user1: Yeah, they were just sort of no name actors playing background characters. They weren't really fleshed out until The Avengers.
user2: OK.  Well that makes sense.
user2: Thanks
user1: Yeah, the scenes that interacted with the magnet in his heart were one of the better plot points in most of the Marvel movies.

conversation:
user2: SuperHero was a pretty mediocre movie
user1: Hello, what did you think about RDJ's portrayal of Iron Man?
user1: I agree, started the whole MCU chain, being the first movie
user2: I thought he did a great job one of the best super heros in the MCU
user1: he does carry the MCU at times
user2: Do you think Pepper Potts was a good supporting role?
user1: yes and no, she had her moments, but they could have worked her more into the first movie 
user2: yea she wasnt really a big part of the plotline
user1: for the love interest, should have been more a key part. Probably why she got such bad reviews 
user2: yea shes kinda hot though
user1: oh no doubt, eye candy for an otherwise tech and special effects driven drama
user2: Terrance Howard was very good too as Rhodes they fought very well side by side in the final scene
user1: I agree, the scene with him on the phone with Iron Man was a good one too
user1: way better than the scene with Iron Man first taking out all of the terrorists holding him captive 
user2: oh yea I didnt like the whole cave scene with Iron Man making his like makeship suit
user1: I get he is a genius and all
user1: but to make a suit that does all of that, yeah a lil bit of a stretch
user1: kind of like a pair of sweatpants at an all you can eat
user2: yea there was definitley not enough materials in that dingy cave to make all that
user2: that was a great analogy and i will be using that in my future life FYI
user1: lol
user1: take it and run with it
user1: I get it that Marvel had to make something big, but too many times the best things in that movie were overlooked 
user1: they could have made Jeff Bridges character less stereotypical 
user2: Yea, the big scenes outshadowed the smaller more significant details
user2: I agree he was basically the same evil villan from every super hero movie
user1: like the two androids in Tonys shop, they could have given them ten more minutes of screen time and kids would have went nuts
user1: the ending was good, his public acknowledgement of being Iron Man
user2: They also couldve played with his arc reactor core for his chest like he literally had a reactor in his chest keeping shrapnel inches from his heart
user1: but they forced that ending
user2: oh yea I loved the ending 
user1: yeah, they should have spent more time on his chest arc reactor 
user2: I think the ending kinda opened up the entire MCU universe
user1: yes it did, and it did it so well

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Gekkiw!
user1: Hello!
user1: Ironman came out in 2008
user1: It's 10 years old
user2: I like Ironman
user1: and he's going to be in the newest Avengers film I believe.
user2: I like superhero movies in genera
user2: general*
user1: Tony Stark aka Robert Downey Jr. is the best for the part hands down.
user1: I enjoy them as well.
user2: The avengers is a clever story idea
user1: Although there's so many now:  Black Panther, SpiderMan, Thor, Guardians of the Galaxy, etc. it's almost too much
user2: I like the character who plays Thor
user1: Interesting that Tony works for a defense weapons corp. tho and his suit is a military grade weapon.
user1: We're here to talk about Ironman though, not Thor.
user1: The electromagnet in his chest is an interesting facet to the story.
user2: Yeah, sorry. I don't remember if I saw the whole movie of Ironman
user2: It is still rather limited
user1: Ugh.  YOu gotta see it!
user2: What is the electromagnet?
user1: That's like his heart.
user1: It's implanted in his chest.
user1: it's the central glowing piece to his body suit.
user2: Why is it in his body?
user1: then at some point throughout the movie, his nemesis reconstructs a suit himself.  and they have quite a battle.
user1: it's to keep shrapnel from getting to his heart.  It's a magnet.
user2: So it is just to prevent death?  
user1: absolutely.
user2: What if like a piece of shrapnel becomes stuck in a major artery
user2: wait nevermind I guess
user2: all shrapnel would get attracted to the electromagnet I gues
user1: yeah, that's beyond the point of the movie really though.
user1: we don't need to get into the logistics.
user2: What happens in the movie?
user1: So in the end Tony Stark ends up killing his nemesis. 
user2: who is his nemesis and why is he his nemesis?
user1: there's a beautifully shot battle scene.  
user1: military company in middle east
user1: competition
user1: they capture tony
user1: tell him to build them weapons and they'll free him.
user1: enemy reconstrcuts a suits so it's ironman v ironman
user1: they crash into a building and pepper potts (tony's gf) powers up the building and electorcute him
user1: That's it in a nutshell.
user1: I need you to respond.
user2: awesome
user1: and then we can bring this survey to closure.
user1: and there's the third exchange
user1: thank you and have a nice day.
user2: I responded enough/.
user2: ?
user1: Yup.  We good.
user1: Bye

conversation:
user2: Hi there
user1: Hello
user2: What did you think of the movie Ironman?
user1: I have never seen it.  Is it the movie with Robert Downey Jr?  
user2: Correct
user2: It was released back in 2008
user1: Are there any other famous actors or actresses in it?
user2: I can't believe its already been 10 years since the first Ironman was released.
user1: Wow!  It doesn't really seem that long ago that I was hearing it was released!
user2: Besides Robert Downey Jr., Gwyneth Paltrow, Jeff Bridges, and Terrence Howard all star in the movie.
user1: Is it good?  How does it compare to the Batman franchise?
user2: I did enjoy the movie.  I think Ironman is just as entertaining as the Batman franchise but isn't as dark as batman.
user1: Interesting!  How many Ironman films have there been?  Quite a few, right?
user2: Four I believe...quite a lot, but on par with superhero movies
user2: I was surprised to see that Jon Favreau directed this film
user1: Did he?  I like Jon Favreau's stuff.  I think he's hilarious in the movies I've seen him in.
user1: Is there a lot of comedy in this movie?
user2: He is a funny actor and apparently likes comic books.
user2: There is a fair amount of comedy.  No more, no less, than other superhero films
user2: Rotten Tomatoes has it at 94%, so its a pretty popular film
user1: I didn't know that about him.  What's the best scene of the movie?
user1: That's a really great rating considering how controversial some movies are scored.
user2: The beginning of the movie when Tony Stark is in the first prototype of the ironman suit is great.  Certainly came a long way to the suit he is in now.
user1: Who's the villain in this series?
user2: A character named Stane who is trying to steal the ironman suit
user2: Robert Downey Jr. does a good job of playing Tony Stark in this film
user1: How long is the first movie?
user2: Feel like the role was made for him based on some of the difficulties in his life and how they match up with the character
user2: I am not sure how long it is.  I would assume around 2 hours
user1: Yes, I've always admired RDJ because he's been through a lot in his life and had an amazing comeback.  Plus, he seems so down to earth and fun to be around.
user2: He certainly has a great comeback story
user1: Definitely!  Especially since we hear so many stories about actors overdosing and stuff.  I'm glad he got his life on trakc.

conversation:
user2: Hi there
user1: Hi! Ready to start.
user1: Seen any good movies lately?
user2: The title of the film is SuperHero.
user1: Hmm. Haven't heard of it.
user2: It is directed by Jon Favreau.
user2: Produced in 2008.
user1: Haven't heard of him either. What's it about?
user2: SuperHero: Iron Man
user1: Oh! Is it one of the Marvel movies?
user2: Iron Man
user2: Correct
user1: With Rodney Downey Junior as Iron Man?
user2: Got it!
user2: Have you seen it?
user1: How did I miss it ... Hmm. I don't think so. I thought I saw all the early ones.
user1: Is this the first one?
user2: Well he played as Tony Stark
user2: I think so
user1: So this is the one when he becomes Iron Man for the first time?
user2: Tony Stark is this rich Defense contractor guy.
user1: Right. Know that much. 
user2: He was ambushed after showing some tech missiles.
user1: Sounding familiar. ... Go on.
user2: Then this doctor implanted this device into his chest.
user2: He became Iron Man.
user1: Oh! I did see this one! The implant keeps him alive. ANd he designs and Iron Man suit to escape.
user2: Exactly!
user1: I recall likeing the movie. Did it get good ratings?
user2: Well he goes on to save innocent lives from bad guys
user1: Typical super hero stuff.
user2: 94% on Rotten Tomatoes
user1: Wow! MaybeI should read it again!
user1: Haha! "Read" ... Watch.
user1: Huh. You left. Guess that means we have all the exchanges. I hope.

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: hello
user2: did you watch iron man?
user1: yes i did
user2: you liked it?
user1: It was cool
user1: From what I remember of it
user2: yeah it was so long ago, right?
user2: it is an important movie, as it began the MCU
user1: Oh wow that's where samuel l jackson's character is introduced right?
user2: yeah i think so
user2: even my memory is vague
user2: as it was so long
user2: i just remember it for robert downey!
user1: Exactly same her I remember Robert Downey Jr being great in it and thats it
user2: anything you hated about it?
user2: well?
user1: Its just something I don't like about all superhero movies is the dialogue  is a little bit farfetched sometimes and they tend to have cheesy one liners during dramatic scenes
user2: yeah that is true
user1: like during the fight scenes and stuff
user2: it wont go well with 'serious movie goers'
user2: what else?
user1: Other than that I guess I would say that looking back on it maybe the effects are a little bit antiquated
user2: true, but to be fair it kind of began that whole genre in a sense
user2: i know super hero movies were there before, but marvel took it to a whole new level
user1: Yeah they have to start from somewhere 
user2: i liked how light-hearted it was basically
user2: the quirkiness of it
user1: Yeah ironman is probably the most interesting of all the superheroes other than batman
user1: I know that's DC though
user2: you mean the dark knight trilogy, right?
user2: i love those!
user2: can't beat them
user1: yeah I haven't even watched the ones with george clooney and michael keaton from back in the day
user2: lol, please dont
user2: you will hate life
user2: even clooney himself apologized for that movie
user2: the keaton one was kinda OK
user1: Yeah Dark Knight Trilogy doesn't have the cheesy dialogue because Christopher Nolan elevated the material
user1: I heard that the keaton one was decent

conversation:
user1: Hi, i have to admit I thought the meta score would be higher
user2: What was the score?
user1: 79/100
user2: Oh ok. Thats not too bad I suppose. What movie does that score pertain to?
user1: I think RDJ's performance would have made it at least in the 80s
user1: Iron man 1
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: oh OK. Sounds like you enjoyed this movie.
user2: No i haven't. 
user2: Is it a good one?
user1: it is
user1: It's the first movie in the MCU
user1: have many movies has you seen in the MCU?
user2: I take it you are refering to the Marvel Comics Universe?
user1: yea - Marvel Cinematic Universe
user2: I never can tell the difference between Marvel or DC. My wife can but I havent figured it out yet no matter how many times she explains it. 
user1: hmm
user2: I've seen justice league, black panther, Thor and others.
user1: how much do you know about super heor characters in general?
user2: Not a whole bunch i can tell you that. 
user1: did you see avengers?
user2: So whats special about this Iron Man film?
user2: Yes I did?
user1: THis iron man film is special because it was kind of a gamble from a production standpoint
user2: That one has captain american and the hulk and others righ?
user1: yup thats the one
user1: Tony stark is a billionaire playboy in the movie
user2: sounds good already. Gotta love the life of billionaire playboy. 
user1: And his first iron man film plants the seed of him feeling the responsibility of the power he has and can do 
user2: Oh so hes just coming to understand the capabilities of his power in this film.?
user1: he had to make the suit to get out of a situation he put himself in
user1: the movie came out in 2008
user2: Is that the crux of the story line?
user1: his abilities are tied to the suit he makes
user2: Theres aways a bad guy or villian. Good vs evil type narrative going on right?
user1: the crux being the weapons he developed and sold were being used for bad things
user2: Ok got it. So he invents things but then the wrong type of people are after his inventions?
user1: yea
user1: but at first he didnt care
user1: becuase for stark that's how he made money
user2: And thats the way of the world actually!
user1: yup
user2: unfortunately!
user1: terrorist capture stark, but he manages to make a deal and then builds another suit to beat them
user2: Wow, sounds cool. I think I'm gonna watch it. 

conversation:
user1: Hello there!
user2: hello!
user1: first off, I am a Marvel fan over DC so this is good lol
user2: i respect any man made out things harder than wood, so im pleased too
user1: The ratings are pretty good also from all sources, A from CinemaScore, 79/100 from meta critic (which im not familiar with) and 94% on rotten tomatoes. 
user2: 7.7 out of ten! and critics seem to like it. the cgi seemed to be a central theme. do you think it had a lot to do with the approval overall of the film?
user1: I think so, it was very well produced, also had a nice cast of well known actors.
user2: who couldnt love RDJ he's a legend as timeless as iron man himself! you cant cast terrance howard and gwenyth paltrow and not have a nice film. they might have been given a bit of an overly produced film but they really made it work
user1: judging by this person's review, they weren't impressed. "a slightly depressed, going-through-the-motions feel to the entire show [...] GwynethPaltrow, widening her eyes and palpitating, can't do much with an antique role as Stark'sgirl Friday, who loves him but can't say so; Terrence Howard, playing a military man whochases around after Stark, looks dispirited and taken for granted""
user1: I mean as with all superhero movies, DV or Marvel, they are pretty much all the same, its har dto put a new spin on the good guy/bad guy thing
user1: Are you there?

conversation:
user2: Hi!
user2: Have you ever seen SuperHero?
user1: No, I have not, can you tell me about it please?
user1: Hello, are you there? I need to respond 6 times!!!
user2: Yes, it is actually called IronMan. It is about Tony Stark, a billionaire playboy
user2: He is played by Robert Downey Jr. He is the CEO of Stark Industries and is a weapons manufacturer
user1: I remember Robert Downey Jr from the John Hughes movies he did..I hope he is better off now than he was portrayed in those movies back in tthe 80s!
user2: Yes, he is so funny in this movie. He is the main character but Terrence Howard plays a big role as well. He plays Tony's best friend in the movie as a liasion between Tony Stark and the United States Air Force. 
user1: Are we supposed to be discussing movies her? If so, are we supposed to discuss current movies or movies on the horizon?
user2: We are discussing IronMan.
user2: The superhero from Marvel. He is a normal man who is a billionaire and creates a super hi-tech suit that enables him to fly at insane speeds and shoot laser beams from his palms.
user1: Wasn't Terrance the one from Empire? With the gorgeous eyes?  He is an engima to me..do you know that the guy insists that the world is flat?
user2: Yes, that is Terrance.
user1: I just remember him from movies where he mainly played a drug addictt...
user2: One of the key scenes is when Stark is in Afghanistan promoting a new weapon. After the filming, he is in the convoy when him and his colleagues are ambushed. Stark is critically injured
user1: Robert Downey Jr I mean...I hate ot ask but am I doing this task correctly?
user2: As a result, he gets captured and imprisoned in a cave by a group of terrorists who want to steal his weapons. 
user2: Yes you are doing great!
user1: Well I don't think we need to be promoting any new weapons in Afghanistan lol!
user1: I can't imagine...was this based on a true story?
user2: No, this is not a true story. Ironman is just a man-made superhero story but there are some realistic parts.
user1: You say he is funny in the movie? So it isn't a serious role then
user1: What parts do you see as realistic?
user2: The other key scene is when Stark is at a charity event for his company. A reporter comes up to him and tells him his weapons are being used by terrorists. Stark is mortified and very upset.
user2: Stark quickly sets his sights on creating the man made suit that I mentioned. He flies to Afghanistan where he finds the terrorists with his weapons and he destroys them.
user2: Following this is when Stark realized he was on to something. The legend of Ironman was created not too long after his initial experimentation.
user2: Shortly after, Stark and his assistant Pepper realize that the partner at Stark Industries had hired these terrorists to kill Tony.
user2: Does this interest you?
user1: My sister goes to alot of the Comi-Con type events...I'm just not interested
user2: To do this hit correctly, we must discuss Ironman!
user1: I have never seen it so can I not do it?
user2: Just engage with what I am saying.
user1: Ok. tell me about the main character please
user2: Stane, Tony's assistant, wanted to duplicate the work of Tony and create his own suit and power source. If you know anything about Ironman, you know that the power source comes from the miniature arc reactor that powers the body suit of Ironman.
user1: What year is this movie set in please?
user2: Stane creates a suit of his own after he steals Tony's arc reactor. Tony realizes that he must be stopped and sets out to fight him. They have a fight while each wearing their own respective suits.
user2: The movie is from 2008.
user1: What is the suit made of ..material-wise?
user2: It is made of steel and iron.
user1: I have no idea what an arc reactor is!!!
user2: Stane ends up being killed by falling into an exploding energy reactor.
user2: That's okay! That is why you should watch the movie!
user2: This conversation is over now. You did great, thank you for your time!
user1: Thank you I hope I did ok, I am new...are we allowed to do more than one HIT please?
user1: wait...........!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! How am I supposed to get a code from you???

conversation:
user1: hi
user2:  Hi how are you today 
user1: im good, how are you
user2:  Pretty good it looks like we have Iron Man I’ve seen it before but it’s been a while 
user1: Yup, and its been a while for me too. Good movie tho
user2:  It looks like it is a good movie overall it made a 94% on rotten tomatoes which I guess is pretty difficult 
user2:  Robert Downey Junior has done amazing with Iron Man 
user1: id have to agree, they usually rate harsh
user1: and yeah he is perfect for the role
user2:  Oh I forgot Terrence Howard was in this movie as well 
user1: ehh i dont care much for him
user2:  Robert Downey Junior does a great job is this genius Playboi Tony Stark 
user2:  He’s hit or miss for me 
user1: yeah he is a stud, very fun character
user2:  Gwyneth Paltrow haven’t seen her in a lot of things in the last 10 years but is pepper I think she played off of him well 
user2:  And yeah Robert Downey Junior is always just so funny 
user1: yeah she isnt in much
user1: she used to be super hot
user2:  Yeah I haven’t really seen her into much lately 
user1: same i guess her acting isnt great
user2: Maybe. I like that they had Phil Colson  from the TV show worked into the movie because he started in the movies 
user2:  Or maybe he started in this one and then went to TV I don’t now 
user1: Oh yeah im indifferent towards him
user1: he was first in the movie then tv
user2:  I think he’s funny when he has people play off 
user2:  OK I wasn’t sure which way it worked
user1: i guess so, didnt pay much attention to him
user2:  The reveal of start telling the world he was Iron Man I thought was pretty good 
user1: yes that was a cool scene
user1: good talk tho
user2:  Well thank you for talking me have a good day 

conversation:
user1: HELLO
user1: Have you seen this movie? I have not
user1: OH wait.. Yes I have.  I was thinking something else. 
user2: Hi, it looks interesting, doesn't it?
user1: It is a good movie
user1: robert downey jr is very good in this movie
user2: What do you like most about it?
user1: I like the story line the most i think
user1: have you seen it?
user1: The special effects are pretty good
user2: Yes, but a long time ago.
user1: The ratings on the movie are pretty good too!
user2: Yes, and there is a lot of tension between characters.
user1: it's also been a while for me.  I think when it first came out i seen it and that was probably the last time
user1: yes, very true.
user1: i dont thinnk i like the sequels too much- but that's usually the way that goes for movies
user2: Which of the characters do you love most?
user1: i would have to say robert downey in this movie
user1: the critical response is a bit confusing on this document- calling the movie depressing
user1: the rest of the comments are good about the effects, and the other things.   I dont think i would call the movie depressing tho. 
user2: Maybe too deep for a superhero movie, don't you think? Like a Ridley scott movie.
user1: possibly. it's different then other super heroes movies--- however i think the hulk movie was about the same tho 
user2: Wow, what about the technical stuff?
user1: seems pretty good in that respect
user2: I like fiction movies featuring engineers, they seem nerdy in the beggining but they end up saving the day!
user1: I'm not a big fan of gwneth paltrow in this movie
user1: that is true about the engineer types lol
user1: it's hard to believe this movie is 10 years old now
user1: doesn't seem like it at all.
user2: Why don't you like gwyneth in this role?
user1: She is boring to me.  i'm not even sure i like her in any of the movies. i think i just dont like her much
user2: Not being the movie heroine or hero hurts a little bit.
user1: true- its been a while since i seen this but i honestly cant remember much about her in the movie. just that she was there lol
user2: That genre "military thriller" sounds both intriguing and interesting.
user1: it does. that genre is very interesting ring to it
user1: i remember the part where they took over downey's "home" and rampaged it.  
user1: and shockingly the end where he admits to being the superhero-   i dont recall any other super hero doing that revealing their identity
user2: yes... a reason to watch it again. I might have forgotten some of the scenes and the ficticious countries in there, like Gulmira, shown along with Afganistan, a real country.
user1: i can't recall what happened in the 2nd film after he told the people who he was
user1: yes same here- i am only recalling bits and pieces
user1: i think we even have these dvds (my 12 year old loves this series)
user1: he would be happy if i said lets watch this today LOL
user2: Ha ha, and by the way  i even haven't seen the sequel.....That sounds good for an Iron man marathon
user2: maybe this weekend
user1: true.  good thing to do on a holiday weekend- watch movies!!
user1: i think we might do that as well!
user2: good luck!

conversation:
user2: Are you a fan of superhero movies?
user1: Oh, absolutely.
user2: Iron Man is one I would recommend from 2008.
user1: Do you like the Tony Stark character or is it the tech that roped you in?
user2: The Tony Stark character, Robert Downey Jr. does a great job.
user1: Right? He was the perfect pick for Tony Stark. He's good at being arrogant but lovable.
user2: Agreed.  The movie got 94% on Rotten Tomatoes.
user1: I think that's fair. It's entertaining and well written.
user2: Do you usually like movies with good ratings?
user1: Honestly, that never really played too much of a role when it came to choosing a movie to watch. I've enjoyed movies with terrible ratings
user2: I like the scenes that take place in war-torn Afghanistan.
user1: Were there a lot of fight scenes?
user2: Yes, quite a few.  I also like the scene where Colonel James Rhodes demonstrates the "Jericho" missile.
user1: Can you tell me how he did that?
user2: He launched the missile as a demonstration.  Shortly after the convoy is ambushed and Stark is critically wounded.
user1: Is this after he's got his Iron Man suit?
user2: He reveals the suit after the charity event where he learns that Stane has been trafficking arms.
user1: What didn't you like about the movie. Really, what could have been done better?
user2: I think the story is pretty brief when Stark is shot by the military plane while flying in the suit.  You would think they would require more of an explanation.
user1: Oh, so it felt pretty abrupt when they cut to that scene. I like one-shot action scenes, like how John Wick was done.
user2: It is definitely not a deal breaker for the movie.
user1: No, Marvel Universe movies are some of my favorites. What else did you like about it?
user2: I liked the scene where Stark loses the reactor from his chest and needs to get a replacement.
user1: How did that happen? Did it fall out or was he in a fight?
user2: Stane takes it during an ambush at his home.
user1: I can't even remember half the plot at this point, I was maybe 20 when that movie first came out. Might end up watching it again.
user2: It is one I have watched several times.  
user1: Well then, you're probably excited for Infinity War :)

conversation:
user1: So, what is the movie?
user2: Hello, the movie is Iron Man.
user2: I love the movie and you should really check it out if you have not seen it.
user1: I’ve seen some of it. Do you know if it had good reviews?
user2: Yes!  It was described as "expansively entertaining" by some reviews. 
user2: John Favreau "gets real with it" and has "seamless CG"
user1: I need to watch the whole movie at some point. I like Tony Stark in other movies I’ve seen. 
user1: Who is John Favreau?
user2: Jon Favreau is the director of the film.  He earned the movie a Rotten Tomatoes score of 94% and a Metacritic Score of 79/100!
user2: Are you a fan of Superhero Movies?
user1: That’s pretty impressive. Do you know if the film won any awards?
user1: I’m somewhat a fan. I like some more than others
user2: I don't have information about any awards the movie won.  Sorry!  Do you usually base your movie choices on movie review or awards?
user1: I have young nephews who love Ironman.  They are 7. What’s the film rated?
user2: That is a good question.  I don't have that information available to me either.
user1: more is on movie review. 
user2: That is a great way to narrow down your movie choices!  I can say that the movie also received an A from CinemaScore, in addition to the awesome Rotten Tomatoes and Metacritic Scores.
user1: Where you informed of it’s IMDb rating?
user2: No. I am a fan of their rating system, too.  I think I can only talk about the info I'm given.
user2: As far as your nephews are concerned, I think they would love the film and it would be appropriate for their age.
user1: Oh ok. Well Rotten tomatoes is my 2nd “go to”. So I’m assuming at 94%, that is was “certified fresh”. 
user2: Yes!  I also use Metacritic for some of my other media choices, so a 79 from them is also pretty good.
user1: I haven’t used Metacritic but I will definitely check it out. 
user2: What other movies have you seen with Tony Stark as a character?
user1: The most recent was Spider-Man Homecoming. I liked how his character transformed from the original Iron man to more of a father figure. 
user1: What year did iron man come out?
user2: I am looking forward to seeing them on screen in the next Avengers movie, too!  You should check out Iron Man first, though.  It also shows a great transformation from the "Genius, billionaire, and playboy" to the Hero he is today.  It came out in 2008.
user1: I think that why it had good reviews. Other than have an exciting story it also showed good character development. 
user1: It also goes to show that they did something right, it the franchise is still going strong today. 
user2: I agree.  It also introduces many characters that have a huge impact on the Marvel Universe, like James Rhodes/War Machine, Pepper Potts, and Agent Phil Coulson of S.H.I.E.L.D.  
user2: I hope I have convinced you to check it out!
user1: Sounds like a great movie. And I will watch it soo
user2: Thanks for the conversation and have a great day!
user1: You too. Thanks

conversation:
user2: hello, how are you?
user2: Have you seen this movie?
user1: hello! yes i have, have you?
user2: I never saw the entire movie, just bits and pieces here and there...
user1: did you like the movie?
user2: but I know it's pretty good, my husband watched it many times
user2: The cast is great
user2: Paltrow and Downey Junior
user1: yes I like them too
user1: what was your favorite part of the movie?
user2: I definitely like his Costume that he flies around in, pretty cool technology...
user1: yeah. i liked the special effects
user2: I have to watch the entire movie some time to understand what is going on since I'm not a big comic fan and don't know much about it
user1: yeah i'm not a fan of comics either
user1: but i do like the super hero movies
user2: I like Thor but I think they make too many super hero movies nowadays
user1: they are making all of them
user1: lol
user1: with iron man i never understood why he had to have that thing in his chest
user2: Yes, and most of them are apocalyptic, doom , boom and gloom!:-)
user1: why couldn't they just take out the shrapnel out of his chest
user2: You would think, right, with all the technology they had!:-)
user1: some things are harder to believe
user2: yes, so some of it becomes too unrealistic and corny!
user1: i mean i know its a comic
user1: i guess true movies more lol
user2: I think they are making all these comics movies to pry the kids away from their game consoles!
user1: i like true movies more i mean
user1: ah maybe
user1: and definitely to make money
user1: ha
user2: But not exceeding, the new generation is addicted!
user1: yeah
user2: that's why almost no one goes to the movies anymore!
user1: and there are all of these spin offs
user1: like the SHIELD tv show and stuff
user2: yeap, from the old days, can't even keep up with them all!
user2: LOVE shield! I watch that religiously!
user2: The story just keeps getting more ingteresting after all these years!
user1: is there a comic just about sheild?
user2: Yes, I believe so
user1: thats cool, i haven't watched that
user2: but I just love TV show, I did not even know it was a comic

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hello! I just finished watching this really good movie about a superhero. 
user2: Ok
user1: Its called Iron Man and its a Marvel movie. 
user2: Which? 
user2: When? 
user1: It was produced in 2008
user2: How  was  it? 
user1: It was really good. There was a lot of impressive sets and a lot of action. 
user2: U liked  it? 
user1: Yes I really liked it 
user2: Wanna  watch again? 
user1: Yes I would definitely watch it again
user2: Who is actor? 
user2: Director? 
user1: Robert Downey Jr
user2: Villion? 
user2: Hero? 
user1: yes there is his name is Lt Colonel James Rhodes
user2: Heroin
user2: Tell  me story 
user1: no there really isnt a h eroine
user1: it has a hero and his name is Stark
user1: At a charity event a reporter informs Start that his companys weapons are being stolen
user2: Funny? 
user1: it has some humor
user2: Action? 
user2: Comedy? 
user1: its definitely action
user1: not really a comedy tho
user2: Romantic? 
user1: Umm Im not sure
user2: Thrill? 
user2: Suspence
user1: not really a thriller although it has some thrilling scenes
user1: there is a little suspence

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: Hello.
user2: User left the chat while I was reading the introduction.

conversation:
user1: Hello, how are you?
user2: Hello.
user2: I am fine.
user1: Have you seen this movie Iron Man? 
user1: I saw it in theaters when it came out
user2: Yes, but I guess it was sometime in 2009.
user2: I don't espescially like the Marvel heroes.
user1: I forgot that Terrance Howard was in this movie
user1: I agree, i'm not a big superhero fan
user2: The effects were good.
user1: Yes, the rocket propelled grenade action was good
user2: All in all the whole story was a bit like spiderman.
user1: I see that the criticism is mixed-maybe they weren't really fans either
user2: I did like the "military thriller"-style feeing in the beginning one critc mentioned.
user2: But the movie rated quite good on the platforms.
user1: I am still wondering what the relevance to military was 
user2: They were trying to build new missilies for the military.
user1: oh, ok
user1: That makes sense
user2: I did not like the whole thing about the heart symbolism and the magnet protecting his heart from the shrapnels.
user1: I am shocked about the rating from Rotten Tomatoes
user1: why not?
user2: 94%. A lot of Marvel fans there.
user1: I guess so
user2: The symbolism was much too easy.
user2: Nothing new there, just a common place symbol for me.
user2: The effects were kind of new and nice, but couldn't save the somehow weak story for me.
user1: Is the symbolism deeper, though? Was the movie really giving a parallel meaning for some events that really happened?
user2: No. I don't think there was anything deeper.
user1: ok
user2: But okay, if you see anything in it I would be happy to re-watch.
user1: why the iron suit though?
user2: I ca't remember.
user2: Maybe it had something to do with this reactor.
user1: looks like the suit was reverse engineered
user1: I barely remember the character Pepper Potts. Is she another Marvel character?
user2: Seems more like a female sidekick.
user2: Have a good night and see you tomorrow :-)

conversation:
user1: Hey there hows it going
user2: Hello
user2: Have you seen iron man?
user1: Yes of course I have
user2: Okay
user2: Did you like it?
user1: Yea I thought it was a great movie
user2: I love marvel
user1: I'm a big comic book fanatic
user1: Oh you too? Who is your favorite character
user2: And this movie has marked the big beginning in marvel industry 
user2: Iron man lol
user1: Lol
user2: Tony stark is great
user1: Yea I agree, this movie really kicked off the Marvel craze
user2: I’ve watched it atleast 8 times now
user1: Robert Downey Jr was perfect for this movie. I can't see anyone else as Iron Man
user2: It still doesn’t bore me
user1: Wow, that's a lot of times lol. 
user2: How many times have you watched it?
user1: Umm, at least over 10 times at this point. Maybe even more
user2: And 
user2: my views was alot yeah? CD
user2: XD*
user1: I think the first one was the best, but the sequels were sort of meh
user1: Except for the second one
user2:  I’ve liked every movie 
user2: But true the first on was the best
user2: But that so
user2: But that doesn’t mean the rest were bad
user1: What did you think of the fake Mandarin in the 3rd movie?
user2: Marvel has never let me down lol
user2: Just filler for the big scene yeah
user1: lol, well I def think Marvel is beating it right now Especially compared to DC movies

conversation:
user2: godo morning
user1: morning
user2: Have you seen the 2008 Iron man?
user1: many times
user2: yup good good movie
user1: it's the first film marvel used to launch the MCU
user2: oh yea you are right i guess i never realized that!
user1: It also relaunched Robert Downey Jr's career.  He was in a bad place before then
user2: yea iron man really helped him re-create his image i believe
user1: And the director Jon Favreau had kind of been forgotten about.
user2: yea im not much into directors so i dont follow them as well. But i would think a film/franchise like iron would help anyone out ha
user1: Terrence Howard was in this movie...but didn't move forward with marvel   so wasn't good for everyone
user2: fair fair, but his character wasnt really part of marvel
user2: wasnt he just a civilian
user1: No, Rhodey was the air force officer character.  Big character
user2: Right but he never had his own marvel back story right? he only pertained to iron man
user2: like he doesnt have an origin story does he?
user1: I only know him from Iron Man
user2: ok yea me to
user1: Jeff Bridges played the bad guy.  He doesn't do that much
user2: yea i suppose very true
user1: I didn't really like the bink clunky suit he had built
user1: big
user2: no yea that giant exo suit wasnt that great i dont think
user1: I also don't like that the bad guy always die in the end
user2: yea they really need to change that up and start making movies on their point of view
user1: not so much that as follow the comic books more.
user2: yea true movies really ruin some good comic series, becasue obviously books are better
user1: i guess.  but seeing them brought to life is great.  like the big fight scene at the end of iron man.
user1: also i like how they don't keep trying to hide the fact that tony stark is iron man.
user1: the secret superhero thing is overdone
user1: I also wish they'd do more with SHIELD
user2: yes i love shield i followed them pretty good, but then lost interest

conversation:
user1: i love downy jr
user2: iron man is a great one
user1: what
user2: I think robert downey jr as tony stark does an awesome job in this movie  what do you think
user1: yep looks that way -- he is always on top of it
user1: I like the whole super hero theme anyway
user2: me too  alwyas watched spider man and all those
user1: what else
user2: well its just like a military thing
user2: like the discription says thriller as in military
user1: k
user1: ok
user1: sorry
user1: powered exoskeeloton is preety cool    
user2: I would like to have one for my self haha
user1: ha
user2: wow starks girl loves him a lot  neat
user2: oh yea but its getting old
user1: well the whole idea needs a change at some point
user2: i still enjoy these types with the kids too   Rotten tomoates gave it a good rating
user1: yep
user1: 94
user1: good movie  gwyneth palltro  gal friday cant say no it says on the doumnet  
user1: not sure what that means
user2: did you see the cinea score  its is a
user2: really
user2: very good a
user1: sure saw it 
user1: I like the idea of Genius billonaire and playboy  
user1: we all like to be that at some point 
user1: ah
user2: yes
user1: very nice
user2: lets go see it
user2: what else do you like aobut it
user1: just the idea of billoniare cause i am broke

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello
user2: What did you think about the first Ironman movie?
user1: I found it to be rather good, I enjoyed the whole secretly creating a suit down in my million dollar basement, what about you?
user2: I thought it was great film, and a great start to what is a great franchise. Ironman being one of my favorite Marvel heroes.
user2: I thought that the villain was a little lack luster, but since this was the first movie for Marvel I kind of gave them a small pass for it.
user2: Do you think that Robert Downey Jr. Fit this role when the movie first came out? 
user1: He isn't my favorite, but a good one none the less. Being a genius inventor and industrialist you would believe the first suit he would make would be less of a prototype and more of a powerful machine that cannot be stopped. Yet I also disagree, the first Captain America movie had an enormous amount of criminal activity, so I kind of was put off by the whole fact that there wasn't more of a take out bad guys scene.
user1: I do also believe that Robery Downey Jr. fits the role 110% he plays it like no other, just the way he looks through it all, he IS Iron Man.
user1: How do you feel about the first Iron man suit?
user2: Same, and the way he acts like a smart aleck made it even better.
user1: How do you feel about the first Iron Man Suit?
user2: I liked the first Iron Man suit. it looked tradition to what he had in the cartoons, and comics.
user2: it was good to see overtime Tony Stark improve his suit after every movie since then, and switched it up a little.
user1: Agreed, I love how the emblem on his chest would slowly changed to the one it is today, did you ever expect Tony Stark to be able to stop the Ten Rings, let alone stop a Jericho Missile?
user2: Yes I did expect him to stop a Jericho Missile cause of the weapons Tony Integrated on his suit.
user1: He never used his weapons though he had stopped it with his hands I thought?
user2: Oh yea I forgot lol. I've seen so many sometimes I mix up what happens in certain movies. my bad.
user2: Did you think Terrence Howard did a good enough job, or was Don Cheadal a better upgrade?
user2: as Rhodey
user1: Lol no problem it has been awhille since the movie came out, I just remember that was the biggest scene! and I preferred Terrence he gave the movie just that bit more of an edge you know what I'm saying?
user1: Could you believe when he got shot by those jets? it was unreal I didn't expect him to survive
user2: lol right?
user2: Do you believe that Tony Stark did the right thing in the first movie by announcing he was Ironman, and not waiting until the sequel?
user1: I felt he should have waited, the anticipation that would arise in the 2nd movie would have made it just crazy wonders. The fact as to where nobody knew who it was and then come beginning of the sequel something crazy happens forcing him to have to prove he's ironman instead of him just revealing it.
user2: I agree, but I believe he should've waited until Civil War.
user2: I would've loved to see Ironman vs Captain America but dealing with if their Identities should be out in the open like that.
user1: Well I mean Captain America would destroy Iron Man any day but I do enjoy the fact as to where after revealing his identity he became more humble. 
user1: Yet got a bit more deranged.
user2: Did you think Tony Stark destroying all his weapons he manufactured a selfish move on his part since he made him a suit for himself?
user1: Yes it was very selfish, he could of done a lot more good by possible getting the military in on it and making Stark Grade Military Unit Iron Suits for the Military
user2: I do also agree, but at the same time he didn't want the technology to fall into the wrong hands.
user2: Like if someone in the military used the suit for their personal gain, or sold it on the black market.
user1: Maybe he could of been there to govern it, govern the blue prints, possibly even get people on the inside to follow his works and follow the miltary making sure that that is prevented
user1: Do you feel that SHIELD should have admit to being Iron Man even when knowing Stark waS?
user2: I think it would'
user2: I think it would've made SHIELD look bad and taking all the credit from Tony. Unless he were to agree with it.
user1: That's why he denied it at a press conference when they did admit it
user2: I think it would be a little weird if SHIELD took all the credit. maybe if their story was little more fleshed out because casual movie goers would be confused.

conversation:
user1: hello
user1: how are you?
user1: have you watched this movie?
user2: hey, im good
user2: how are you?
user2: Yes it is iron man, have you seen this
user1: yeah i have.
user1: great movie with a great actor
user1: i love tony stark lol
user2: nice, and i agree
user2: he is perfect for the role
user1: why do you like ironman?
user2: because he is cool, and a lot of fun to be around
user2: what do you like?
user1: definetly action part
user1: it's packed with action and intense music
user2: that is true, the movies keep getting better too
user1: yeah hopefully fourth one comes out soon
user2: i wonder, but i do know infinity wars is coming out
user1: yeah april 21st
user1: can't wait to watch
user1: who's your favorite superhero?
user2: agreed and that movie is gonna be awesome
user2: my favorite is deadpool
user2: yours?
user1: mine is ironman
user1: it was my favorite since childhood
user2: oh nice, cant go wrong with him
user2: marvel is just great
user1: yeah much better than dc
user2: lol so true, dc cant make a movie to save their life
user1: they need to step up their game
user1: only movie i watched was wonderwoman
user1: just because there was gal gadot <3
user2: Yes! she is so hot
user2: only good thing about dc
user1: haha yeah
user1: well i had fun talking to you
user2: alright great talk, cya
user1: hopefully we can get paid
user1: cya

conversation:
user1: hello, have you seen iron man? it came out in 2008 and is a super hero movie.  Rotten Tomatoes: 94% and average: 7.7/10
user2: that is a good rating from rotten tomatoes, why dont you tell me more about iron man, I have actually not seen it yet. 
user1: well... Iron Man​ is a 2008 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the samename, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Paramount Pictures.1 It is the first film in theMarvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). The film was directed by Jon Favreau, with a screenplay by thewriting teams of Mark Fergus and Hawk Ostby and Art Marcum and Matt Holloway.
user2: ohh wow!
user1: the cast is also just superstars! It stars RobertDowney Jr. as Tony Stark / Iron Man, alongside Terrence Howard, Jeff Bridges, Shaun Toub, andGwyneth Paltrow. In Iron Man, Tony Stark, an industrialist and master engineer, builds a poweredexoskeleton and becomes the technologically advanced superhero Iron Man
user2:  RobertDowney Jr. is one of my favorite actors! 
user1: well here is a little snippet of him Robert Downey Jr. as Tony Stark/Iron Man, an industrialist, genius inventor, andconsummate playboy, he is CEO of Stark Industries and a chief weapons manufacturer forthe U.S. military.
user2: I know I have herd the name tony stark before!
user1: that would not surprise me, that is almost a household name at this point for some. 
user2: Where can I see this movie? 
user1: you can find it at most places online or through most rental services. 
user2: can you tell me more about the movie?
user1: Genius, billionaire, and playboy Tony Stark, who has inherited the defense contractor StarkIndustries from his father, is in war-torn Afghanistan with his friend and military liaisonLieutenant Colonel James Rhodes to demonstrate the new "Jericho" missile. After thedemonstration, the convoy is ambushed and Stark is critically wounded by one of his owncompany's rocket-propelled grenades.
user2: that sounds riveting! 
user1: there is more... He is captured and imprisoned in a cave by aterrorist group, the Ten Rings; Yinsen, a fellow captive who is a doctor, implants anelectromagnet into Stark's chest to keep the shrapnel shards that wounded him fromreaching his heart and killing him. Ten Rings leader Raza offers Stark freedom in exchangefor building a Jericho missile for the group, but Tony and Yinsen know that Raza will notkeep his word.
user1: Terrence Howard as James "Rhodey" Rhodes, a friend of Stark's, and the liaison betweenStark Industries and the United States Air Force in the department of acquisitions,specifically weapons development.
user2: you really know a lot about this movie, dont you?
user1: yes, yes I do. there is a lot more to the plot if you want to know
user2: yea, Please!
user1: At a charity event held by Stark Industries, reporter Christine Everhart informs Stark that hiscompany's weapons, including the Jericho, were recently delivered to the Ten Rings andare being used to attack Yinsen's home village, Gulmira. Stark then learns that Stane hasbeen arms trafficking to criminals worldwide, and is staging a coup to replace him as StarkIndustries' CEO. Stark dons his new armor and flies to Afghanistan, where he saves thevillagers. While flying home, Stark is shot at by two F-22 Raptor fighter jets. He reveals hissecret identity to Rhodes over the phone in an attempt to end the attack.
user1: Meanwhile, theTen Rings gather the pieces of Stark's prototype suit and meet with Stane, who subduesRaza and has the rest of the group killed. Stane has a massive new suit reverse engineeredfrom the wreckage. Seeking to track his company's illegal shipments, Stark sends Pepperto hack into its database. She discovers Stane hired the Ten Rings to kill Stark, but thegroup reneged. Potts meets with Agent Phil Coulson of S.H.I.E.L.D., an intelligence agency,to inform him of Stane's activities.
user2: I m ust see this movie!
user1: I hope you do, its a great movie
user2: I will make a point to find out where I can watch it this weekend
user1: Stane's scientists cannot duplicate Stark's miniaturized arc reactor, so Stane ambushesStark at his home and takes the one from his chest. Stark manages to get to his originalreactor to replace it. Potts and several S.H.I.E.L.D. agents attempt to arrest Stane, but hedons his suit and attacks them. Stark fights Stane, but is outmatched without his newreactor to run his suit at full capacity. The fight carries Stark and Stane to the top of theStark Industries building, and Stark instructs Potts to overload the large arc reactorpowering the building. This unleashes a massive electrical surge that causes Stane and hisarmor to fall into the exploding reactor, killing him. The next day, at a press conference,Stark defies suggestions from S.H.I.E.L.D. and publicly admits to being the superhero thepress has dubbed "Iron Man".
user2: this tony stark is a total bad ass.
user1: At a charity event held by Stark Industries, reporter Christine Everhart informs Stark that hiscompany's weapons, including the Jericho, were recently delivered to the Ten Rings andare being used to attack Yinsen's home village, Gulmira. Stark then learns that Stane hasbeen arms trafficking to criminals worldwide, and is staging a coup to replace him as StarkIndustries' CEO. Stark dons his new armor and flies to Afghanistan, where he saves thevillagers. While flying home, Stark is shot at by two F-22 Raptor fighter jets. He reveals hissecret identity to Rhodes over the phone in an attempt to end the attack. Meanwhile, theTen Rings gather the pieces of Stark's prototype suit and meet with Stane, who subduesRaza and has the rest of the group killed. Stane has a massive new suit reverse engineeredfrom the wreckage. Seeking to track his company's illegal shipments, Stark sends Pepperto hack into its database. She discovers Stane hired the Ten Rings to kill Stark, but thegroup reneged. Potts meets with Agent Phil Coulson of S.H.I.E.L.D., an intelligence agency,to inform him of Stane's activities.
user2: anything more you would like to tell me
user1: Genius, billionaire, and playboy Tony Stark, who has inherited the defense contractor StarkIndustries from his father, is in war-torn Afghanistan with his friend and military liaisonLieutenant Colonel James Rhodes to demonstrate the new "Jericho" missile. After thedemonstration, the convoy is ambushed and Stark is critically wounded by one of his owncompany's rocket-propelled grenades. He is captured and imprisoned in a cave by aterrorist group, the Ten Rings; Yinsen, a fellow captive who is a doctor, implants anelectromagnet into Stark's chest to keep the shrapnel shards that wounded him fromreaching his heart and killing him. Ten Rings leader Raza offers Stark freedom in exchangefor building a Jericho missile for the group, but Tony and Yinsen know that Raza will notkeep his word.
user2: I love how much you know about this movie. 

conversation:
user1: So what movie are we talking about?
user2: Iron Man
user1: I liked the first Iron Man, it was my favorite
user2: It is a really great SuperHero movie from 2008
user2: Yes it was a lot of fun and got great reviews
user1: Yes, it has Robert Downey Jr.
user1: I enjoyed it, he wasn't super good yet, like suit wise.
user2: With a Rotten Tomatoes score of 94% I guess a lot of people really liked it
user1: Do you often use rotten tomatoes to pick a movie?
user2: Not really but I like to see if other people liked it there
user1: What do you think about Terrence Howard Character?
user1: It made 585.2 million USD
user2: He was good as James Rhodes
user2: Yes
user2:  That's a lot of money!
user1: yea with a budget of 140 million, they made alot of cash.
user2: Gwyneth Paltrow was good too 
user1: I didn't like her... doesn't she end up being Tony's girlfriend?
user2: Pepper Potts, I don't think it was clear if she was his girlfriend in the first movie, but they did like each other 
user1: ah! maybe the second one then, yea I think it just hinted at the fact that they liked eachother like you said.
user2: The CGI was really polished in this movie...
user1: Was it though, 2008 was still pretty far back.
user2: I feel it really set a high bar for other comic book movies 
user1: Yes with the whole marvel movies , they knock them out pretty quick.
user2: I am not really familiar with the director Jon Favreau other movies, 
user1: Nor, am I
user2: But I feel Robert Downey Jr really shined in this
user1: They always leave alittle scene after the credits to.
user1: Yea it was one of his movies that got his character back up.
user2: Yes, that's always fun
user1: yes gets me excited for the new one coming out in a year
user2: I really like most all the Marvel comic movies
user1: My favorite was deadpool though xD
user2: But Iron Man was the first real Marvel movie so it really kicked it off, I liked Deadpool tpp
user2: Too
user1: Indeed! I think we can finish the conversation now, I't was nice talking to you.

conversation:
user1: Hi there! Are you a fan of the Iron Man film?
user1: I liked Robert Downey Jr. in the lead role
user1: I don't think the negative criticism to Gwyneth Paltrow is fair.
user2: I am certainly a fan of iron man!
user1: Are you a fan of the Marvel Cinematic Universe? 
user2: Robert downey jr is the bomb! He brings out that character!
user2: I am really not a fan of Gwynneth Paltrow but she did ok to me.
user2: I love everything Matvel! Stan lee had an imagination didnt he?
user1: I agree, she didn't deserve the harsh criticism of her acting. What did you think of Jeff Bridges as the villain?
user1: Yeah Stan Lee has a great imagination for sure
user2: Its easy to play villians, he did great though. I think sometimes i like the villians charcters more!
user2: Wasnt Don Cheadle in this movie too?
user1: No. Terrence Howard is in this one as Col. Rhodes
user2: I am looking forward to more of this franchise. It will never get old!
user1: Me too. I liked the beginning where he gets injured in Afghanistan and he is getting the shrapnel taken out of his heart by Yinsen. Freaky!
user2: Oh ok, Terrence Howard can switch up in different roles. I am use to seeing him in “Empire” type roles but he’s cool.
user2: That was a memorable part. Lol
user1: The director, Jon Favreau, I hear is a big fan. You can tell a lot of love has been put into this film
user1: For an effects driven movie, they seem to have a good balance with telling the story too. 
user2: I am so used to certain directors in movies that i did not notice who was directing this one!
user1: Yeah, he's good. You can't knock "Rudy".
user2: My son is a big ironman fan too, but they are some good entertainment
user1: Do you think the movie deserved a 94% rating on Rotten Tomatoes? I think so...I think it is one of the best in the MCU.
user2: I agree, the effects were great and that is what actually keeps you into the movie.
user1: I know! The suit just looks so amazing.
user2: I think the movie could have scored more than that, although 94 wasnt bad.
user2: The suit is amazing, thats what my son lives the most!
user1: Yeah...I think it was deserved as far as scoring. As far as scenes are concerned...one of my favorite was when Tony decides to go back to Afghanistan as Iron Man to stop the terroriests

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hello! Do you like superhero movies?
user1: Yes
user1: WHich one specifically?
user1: Can you tell me the name?
user2: if you haven't already, I would highly suggest you watch Iron Man. It has great rating on Rotten Tomatoes, a 94% to be exact.
user1: Can you tell me who is the main character?
user2: Tony Stark, played by actor Robert Downey Jr.
user1: Downey is talented
user1: Did you like the plot?
user2: He is! Critics stated this film as extremely entertaining and impressive.
user1: Any other good characters?
user2: I loved the plot. It is based on the original Marvel Comics: An industrial and master engineer who becomes a technological and advanced superhero.
user2: Other great characters are Jeff Bridges as Obadiah Stane, whom turns on him later on.
user1: Jeff Bridges is also very talented
user1: Do you like this genre?
user2: I do, Would you consider watching this film since you like superhero movies?
user1: Yes, I am very interested now
user1: Do you think it is appropriate for kids?
user2: Great. Yes it is appropriate for kids. It is full of action and very comic-like.
user1: That is good
user1: I might see it with my son
user1: Is it violent?
user1: I mean I hope not too much...
user2: There are uses of weapons that stark creates that are part of his suit, but I believe it is suitable for kids
user1: That is good
user1: Any good scenes you liked it?
user1: Anything memorable?
user2: I scene I liked is when builds his empowered exoskeleton hero suit.
user1: THat sounds interesting!
user2: A memorable scene is when Stark puts on his suit and flies to Afghanistan where he saves the villagers
user1: Afganistan?
user1: That is an interesting twist
user1: Sort of modern
user1: take
user1: I am considering
user2: Yes, that is where Obadiah Stane (his nemesis) had delivered his companie's weapons and were being used to attack the village.
user1: to see this movie soon
user1: It sounds political also
user2: It is very thrilling and takes place in mnay different settings.
user1: I like movies with different settings
user2: Yes, it also includes the United States Air Force
user2: I am sure you will enjoy the end, where Stark reveals some very important and controversial news.

conversation:
user1: Hello, What movie did you read about?
user2: Hi! Today we'll be discussing the 2008 superhero movie Iron Man!
user1: Wonderful, I have heard that is a classic!
user1: Did the excerpt refer to a particular section of the movie?
user2: Indeed it is. In fact, Cinemascore gave it a rating of A!  
user1: An "A" is certainly no small feet nowadays, what makes this movie so special?
user2: As you know, it's based in the Marvel Comics character and stars Robert Downey Jr. as Tony Stark/Iron Man. Are you a fan of Robert?
user1: I must admit, that his earliest works were a little boring for my taste, but as he aged I found him more charming
user2: That is true. It is an expansively entertaining special effects extravaganza!
user2: Indeed. He truly nailed the part. Terrance Howard is also in the film. Are you a fan of him?
user1: Terrance Howard has always interested me. He is such a phenomenal actor, particularly his work in Empire was striking. I must wonder how he and Robert perform together. Is there good chemistry between the 2?
user1: Also not to change the topic but I must ask, you mentioned special effects earlier, would you say that the movie leans heavily on special effects, or just use them to an end
user2: In my opinion, there was. He played James "Rhodey" Rhodes - a friend of Stark' s and the liaison between Stark Industries and the US Air Force. In the beginning, they go to Afghanistan to test a missle known as "Jericho". But it all goes wrong when their convoy is ambushed and Stark is critically wounded.
user1: Interesting, I always find that the chemistry between lead and supporting characters drives plot development
user2: To answer your question, I'd say it impressively sets mechanics that combine smoothly with relatively seamless CGI!
user2: And they do! Rhodes was with stark in Afghanistan during the Jericho missile test!
user1: Well that does sound great. What age group be the most interested in this type of film
user2: Honestly, I'd say it's suitable for all! And based on Cinemascore and Rotten Tomatoe's impressive ratings, all will enjoy it!
user1: I would like to hear more about the plot, does is revolve around Robert Downey Jr. as a weapon's dealer (you mentioned he was trying to sell a missile at a test)
user2: It does primarily center around him. In fact, after the middle test goes wrong and the convoy is ambushed, Tony is imprisoned by a terrorist group. But later, there's an interesting twist as well: Obadiah Stane - Tony's business second in command and friend is trafficking arms to criminals around the world and was actually staging a coup to replace Tony as CEO of Stark Industries!
user1: That does sound like a driving force. What does Tony stark do to thwart this?
user2: Stark sends Pepper Potts (his personal assistant) to hack his database to track the company's illegal shipments. During the process, Stane meets with the terrorist group and has a massive new suit reverse engineered .
user1: Sounds like quite a bit of political intrigue and corporate espionage. I will say it comes across a little heavy though, does the movie have a humor incorporated to lighten the load?
user2: To be honest, Robert plays a consummate playboy and I found that aspect hilarious. I think you would as well. I did forget to note that when Potts hacked the database, she discovered Stane hired the terrorist group to kill Tony!
user1: I'm glad to hear it at least is funny at points. But having the coup planned from the very start is definitely a great twist
user2: I agree! Of course, It all went bad for Stane in the end and he got what he had coming to him!
user1: OF course. Classic good vs bad guy ending. Now is there any other reasons I should give this movie a watch?
user2: There is an epic battle between Stark and Stane that takes place i think you would enjoy seeing. The battle eventually resulting in Stane's death. Plus, from a humor standpoint, I think you'll get a kick out of the ending as Tony goes against the suggestions of SHIELD and announces publicly that he was the Iron Man. I thought it was hilariously bold!
user1: And what an odd ending with the oh so normal "secret identity" trope being so prominent in superhero movies. Is the fight particularly epic, what with there past involvements?
user2: It was indeed epic. Potts overloads the reactor that powered the building which caused a massive electrical surge, forcing Stane to fall into the reactor killing him!
user2: Well I enjoyed discussing the 2008 superhero movie Iron Man with you! Have a great day!

conversation:
user1: Hello, I enjoy action movies, what about you?
user2: hi!
user1: hello!
user2: well, I'm more of a drama fan
user2: but Action movies will do if they're well-made
user1: Typically, I don't watch action movies but the ones I have seen have been entertaining. 
user2: I think Iron Man, for instance, was one of them
user1: This movie seemed to have a good cast of actors and that can make a huge difference in the success of a film. 
user2: yeah, you're right
user2: the casting was really great
user2: and it really made a difference
user2: Robert Downey Jr was PERFECT for the role of Tony Stark
user1: I think the part in the critical response that discusses how the film felt like a military thriller. That makes it a little different than a typical action movie that is just full of action and special effects. 
user2: and of course, let us not forget the legendary JJeff Bridges as Stane
user2: yes, you're absolutely right
user2: it didn't feel like a heavily-CGI'ed movie
user1: This might be a movie I might want to check out. It seems like you don't need to have too much prior knowledge of the comic or storyline to enjoy the movie
user1: Based on the ratings, I can understand why they went on to make sequels 
user1: When going to the movies, do you base your decision on ratings? 
user2: yeah, Marvel movies are completely liberated from the comics; meaning, u don't need any knowledge of them at all
user2: Oh! yes, I do 
user2: especially Rotten Tomatoes
user1: I haven't had as much experience with ratings but I have found that rotten tomatoes and other viewer ratings are more trustworthy vs more professional movie critics. 
user2: do you think the 94% of Rotten Tomatoes is a fair rating for this movie?
user1: I think so. I think society in general is really into this type of movie and movie makers are putting the necessary time and money into them to make the interesting. This one seems to have a really good plot line with a deep storyline and I think that makes a big difference. 
user2: exactly, the depth of the plot really made this one stand out
user2: do you think Superhero movies have a bright future
user2: or do you think she should be stopped already, due to their repetitive nature?
user1: Honestly, back in 2008, I'd say yes. However, I feel like 10 years later, there have been so many sequels and additions that it's starting to wear out it's welcome a bit unless it's a new storyline and new characters
user2: I can sense that you're the kind of person who enjoyed Logan
user2: I know I am hahaha
user1: Didn't see that one. I saw the first couple of that storyline though. My husband will watch them and it depends on whether I feel like joining in or not. I know he's watched Iron Man and the sequels though. 
user1: The storyline of this movie seems to be getting very action packed! I like that he admits who he is so it isn't a secret like some of the other superhero movies. 
user2: yeah, that's very interesting
user2: he doesn't hide his real identity like the others
user2: Oh! BTW! I highly recommend watching Logan, you will love it
user1: This discussion would be a lot easier if I had seen this movie! ha
user1: Thanks. Will do. 
user2: it's unlike any superhero movie you've ever seen
user2: Oh! guess that's it
user1: what was your favorite part of this movie?
user2: it was nice talking to you
user1: likewise! 

conversation:
user1: This was a great movie, i really enjoyed iron man with robert downey jr
user2: yes its a great movie
user1: i was really impressed with the CG and special effects
user2: yes, favreau did a good job. he didnt go for stylized comic frames.
user1: yes i agree
user1: I can't believe that rotten tomatoes gave a 7.7/10 i think it deserves a much higher score
user2: yes me too right. it deserves a higher score
user2: i love pepper potts acting
user1: yes she was great too.
user1: I cant believe this movie came out in 2008 it was good enough even for todays age
user2: yes, marvel comic characters are bit futuristic i feel
user1: I like the introduction of the movie on how we get to see tony stark become iron man, where he builds the suit 

conversation:
user1: hello
user1: which movie are we talking about?
user2: Hey!
user2: IT isssss.
user2: Iron Man! 
user2: Have you watched it?
user1: I have....is this the first part?
user2: Yeah.
user2: Iron Man 1
user1: I believe there were sequels to this movie
user1: have you seen it?
user2: Yeah,
user2: But we should tackle this particular movie since it is the most grounded of them all haha.
user1: I don't remember much, it was a long time ago
user1: probably 7-8 years ago
user2: Yeah, cant believe it has been 10 years already...
user1: oh wow!
user1: maybe I should see it again to refresh my memory
user2: IKR?! We are getting old my friend haha. Anyways, the most important part is that basically this is the origin story of Iron Man.
user1: who is the female lead actor?
user2: You get to know the man behind the suit, Tony Stark.
user2: You should!
user2: Her name is Gwyneth 
user2: Gwyneth Paltrow.
user2: Im sorry. haha
user1: oh yeah, now I remember
user1: what rating did it get from Rotten tomatoes?
user2: So it got a rating of 94%
user2: Well deserved since it jumpstarted this great universe we have now which is the MCU.
user1: did you watch it on DVD or theater?
user2: On DVD, how about you?
user1: DVD too
user1: maybe it would have been a lot better on big screen
user1: specially the sound effects
user2: Nice, you should try to watch it again to realize how awesome Tony Stark is even if he is sometimes too flamboyant. 
user2: Yeah same.
user2: That is true.
user1: he is charismatic too
user1: Robert Downey jr
user2: Yes.

conversation:
user1: Hi, what's the movie name?
user2: HI. The movie is Iron Man. What did you think of it?
user1: Hmmmm sounds interesting.
user1: What is it about?
user2: It is about a man who is rich and makes himself a super suit so he can save the world. It has Robert Downey Jr. And Gwyneth Paltrow in it. 
user1: Cool!What does the super suit do?
user2: It lets him fly, shoot out lasers and pretty much makes him do anything. It makes him pretty strong as well! It is pretty cool. 
user1: Wait back up. What is he shooting?
user2: He shoots out lasers and stuff. Robert Downey Jr. Plays Iron man and he is really good at it. His character is a genius inventor named Tony Stark and he is CEO of Stark Industries.
user1: Is the business pretty successful?
user2: Ya. He is a really rich and really successful and he falls in love with his assistant who is played by Gwyneth Paltrow. It is also a funny movie. It has some impressive sets with really good CG as well. 
user1: Does his assistant help him with his adventure?
user2: You. She helps him a little. She is smart as well. The movie came out in 2008 and is directed by Jon Favreau. It also has Jeff Bridges and Terrence Howard in it. 
user1: It sounds like it has quite the cast. How does he get the suit?
user2: He makes the suit after he goes to war-torn Afghanistan to demonstrate one of the weapons his company made and ends up getting captured after a terrorist group attacks his convoy and he gets seriously hurt. A doctor that is also captured with him builds a device that goes in his chest to keep him from dying and he builds his suit around that device to power it.
user1: That is quite impressive. Are there any other big names in the movie?
user2: Ya. Shawn Toub plays the doctor who puts the device in Iron Mans chest and helped him build the suit.
user1: So there is something in Iron mans chest?
user2: You. Terrence Howard plays James Rhodes, a friend of Tony Starks. He becomes a big help later on in the movie as he learns of Tony's secret later in the movie as he has to tell him about it to stop an attack on a village in Gulmira because his weapons are being used to do and and Rhodes works for the United States Air Force. 
user2: Ya. There is a device installed by the doctor to keep the shrapnel from the weapon that almost killed him in Afghanistan. 
user1: So is the suit part of the milirary as well?
user1: military*
user1: Are you still there?
user2: No. Tony uses it for his own use to get rid of the Ten Rings, a group hired by Obadiah Stane who use to be Tony Stark's second in command at work. 
user1: Woah. So there is some betrayal in the movie?
user2: Yep. Stane tried to duplicate Iron Mans power source like the one in his chest but his scientist can't do it so he breaks into Stark's house and tries to steal it. He steals his new power source so Stark has to use his old one.

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: Hello
user2: Do you like superheroes
user1: yes
user2: Do you like Robert Downey Jr.
user1: yea he is ok, he does a good job with iron man
user2: Yeah, Iron Man got 94% on Rotten Tomatoes.
user1: all of them or the first?
user2: The first one from 2008
user2: The one with Terrence Howard
user1: have you seen all of them?
user2: Yes. But my favorite is Iron Man because of Jeff Bridges role as Obadiah Stane
user1: gotcha
user2: I was also a big fan of the scenes in Afgahnistan
user1: i haven't seen the movie in awhile I do not remember all of the specific scenes
user2: The scene in Afghanistan showed us that Tony Stark was critically wounded by his own missles.
user1: oh ok
user2: Yeah. And then in a later scene he goes back to Afghanistan in red armor and beats up the people that captured him.
user2: It's pretty cool.
user1: yea that sounds familiar
user2: It also has the first appearance of Phil Coulson from SHIELD.
user1: yea i like how the different movies get connected
user2: Yup, and this one started it all.
user2: People said that it was a shapely piece of mythmaking.
user1: really?
user2: Yeah, that's what critics would say to describe the movie
user1: cool
user2: Not as cool the scene where we find out Stane steals Tony's arc reactor
user2: Am I right?
user1: sure
user2: It was cool, because later they fight in big suits
user1: yep
user2: Oh man, and the ending too.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi! I think Iron Man was a great movie! Did you like Robert Downey Jr. as Iron Man?
user2: I like him.
user2: Do you like the Marvel movies?
user1: He did a good job portraying Tony Stark, the industrialist, genius inventor, and consummate playboy
user2: I agree.
user2: Do you like the rest of the cast?
user1: Yes. I think Marvel movies are good, have good storylines, and characters?
user1: I think Jeff Bridges did a good job as well as the antagonist
user2: I like Jeff Bridges a lot.
user1: The movie overall has great reviews. I agree with what the critics say
user2: This was the first Marvel movie of their larger storyline.
user1: Yep!
user1: Lets talk about the scene #1
user2: The first scene is in Afghanistan.  Stories usually invent a fictional country so not to insult a goverment.
user1: It is understandable the first scene takes place in a war-torn region
user1: But yeah a good point
user2: i like that they were willing to use a real country
user2: sometimes i forget about the electromagnet part of the character
user1: Pretty cool those two guys. 
user2: yes, they accomplish a lot with little resources
user1: Imagine inventing the "arc" inside the cave with the resources given haha
user1: So in Scene #2 it says Stane, Stark's associate, was behind the arms trafficiking
user2: i forgot that agent coulson appears in this first movie.
user2: yes, it's rare to see jeff bridges as a bad guy
user1: The plot takes an interesting turn here
user1: I gotta say I wasn't expecting the twist
user2: i don't remember if it surprised me.
user1: Stane with Stark's arc, that was crazy
user2: i thought the terrorist group was a better villain.
user1: Haha.. yeah the action sequence in Afghanistan was intense!
user2: but the theme seems to be about the evil of corporations, so i understand
user2: thanks for chatting
user1: Thanks!

conversation:
user2: Hi! So how did you like Iron Man?
user1: I just started, please give me a second, please.
user1: It was very amazing how Tony made his exoskeleton! 
user2: Agreed. He was a genius inventor! Was he your favorite character?
user1: Friday did good at hiding her feeling for Tony and he did not notice.  He was not my favorite due to that piece.
user2: I understand. I didn't really have a favorite as I liked them all but Downey Jr's portrayal of Tony Stark and Iron Man was perfect. I also enjoyed Jeff Bridges as Obadiah Stane. He was the perfect villain!
user1: That he was.  I felt as though he was the tony I have always read about.  The villain had me sitting on the edge of my seat.
user2: Agreed. So did you feel the score of  A that Cinemascore gave the film was appropriate?
user1: Yes,  It was all put together well.  Do you think it was a military thriller?
user2: In all honesty, I've always referred to it as a superhero film but I do see how it could be seen as a military thriller based on the fact that Stark Industries was the chief weapons manufacturer for the military!
user1: It was a good crossover.  I can see both in it.  It was a good adult direction for the movie to go into so we did not feel like a singalong was going to come on screen.
user2: So true! Did you enjoy the Jericho missile demonstration in the beginning? It was exciting but it took a turn for the worst when their convoy was ambushed!
user1: That was not my favorite part.  I knew it would happen somehow, but kinda wished I was watching after that event happened.  I assume he wished he knew that the missile worked another way.
user2: I know what you mean. I thought it was sad to see Stark critically wounded by one of his company's own weapons. So what did you think of the imprisonment scene in the cave?
user1: You have to have a villain.  They were kinda nice about letting him get his wound treated and not killing him or letting him die.
user2: Agreed. I'm glad Yinsen was there to implant the electromagnet into Tony's chest to keep the shrapnel from reaching his heart. 
user1: It was a great test of his armor to fly to Afghanistan without a shorter first test flight.  Should he have revealed his secret identity to Rhodes?
user2: I think he did the right thing by revealing his identity because it ended the attack. No telling what would have happened if he hadn't! It was all worth it though to save those innocent villagers!
user1: Having a love interest like Potts comes in handy when asking to do an illegal activity like hacking into a database and not be turned in instead.
user2: Agreed. It was justified as well. I was surprised to find out Stane hired Ten Rings to kill Tony. He was Tony's mentor and friend!
user1: That was a horrible way to reveal the unexpected turn in the plot.
user2: So true! Thankfully Ten Rings reneged on Stane! I enjoyed seeing SHIELD in the film! 
user1: I thought Shane was nice until he takes the arc reactor from Stark's Chest.  Good thing Tony had a the original for backup.
user2: I know, right? Thankfully Stark was able to get to the original to replace it! Stane and State's fight was epic! Did you enjoy their battle?
user1: Yeah, it was action-packed. I wonder why SHIELD could not handle a man in armor though?  I thought that they were supposed to deal with that kind of thing better than a rich playboy Stark.  It is good he defies suggestions from SHIELD for everyone's sake.
user2: Yeah going against their suggestions and admitting he was Iron Man was a huge surprise!
user1: Hey, now they know.  Now he can maybe donate money to the charity Iron Man once he creates it.  It would help fund it and be a great tax deduction. 
user1: With thrilling entertainment, 20 min goes to past an hour quickly.
user2: Very true! I really thought Jon Favreau did a great job directing this film!
user2: Well I enjoyed discussing the 2008 superhero movie Iron Man with you! Have a great day!
user1: That he did.  Goodby and it was good to talk to you.

conversation:
user2: Hi!
user1: Heya hello
user1: Have you ever seen Jon favreaus superhero flick Iron Man?
user2: Of course, with Robert downy Jr?
user1: The man the myth and the legend
user2: It’s a good movie. Good backstory and basis for the marvel universe.
user1: I feel it was really the first in the "modern era" of superhero movies
user2: Not as much action as the recent movies though.
user1: I've yet to be caught up on the likes of infinity war and black panther, hough ive heard theyre good
user1: but the legacy of iron man is near impossible to topple
user2: I have watched the newest Thor. But yeah, iron man is a pioneer.
user2: I’m not sold on the Pepper Potts romance though.
user1: haha, it felt like a near unecessary side story, but hey, whatever floats their boat
user1: how far off do you thin kwe are to tech like that?
user2: Gweneth Paltrow is not as hot as a billionaire could afford too.
user2: Pretty far off. The physics just aren’t possible yet.
user1: Well, saying the physics arent posssible is saying it will never happen, as humans cant change the alws of physics
user2: Drone weaponry is the future, moreso than a man in a suit that flys.
user2: It’s impossoble now, but a long time in the future it will take to reach those capabilities.
user1: What about just Starks arc reactor (the chest piece)
user2: Even to just absorb impacts and reach certain speeds.
user2: Yeah that too. Something with that much energy just doesn’t seem possible.
user1: It's interesting to see the evolution, from the clunky, car battery powered suit to the iconic red and gold
user2: True. We are closer to the car battery suit.
user1: haha, but in all honesty what use does that serve anyone
user2: In warfare, suits are the future. Especially if they can enhance human abilities 
user1: Don't we already have some sort of exoskeleton suits?
user2: More like Avatar level. Large and clunky.
user2: Maybe, haven’t seen them used in warfare yet.
user1: would you say iron man is marvels best superhero movie?
user2: Yes I would. Maybe every Iron man 2 or 3
user2: What about you?
user1: Id certainly place it top 3, though i havent seen it in a while, im not sure if it still holds up
user2: Ok good talk. Bye
user1: CYA CYA
user1: oops caps

conversation:
user2: hi
user2: what movies do youl ike ?
user1: marvel!
user1: how about you?
user1: Have you seen Iron man?
user2: I like action and comedy movies
user2: yes I have
user2: it was pretty good 
user2: Do you like turtles?
user1: Robert downy junior makes an excellent iron man
user1: do u like him?
user2: I agree he is a good actor
user1: I cant believe it was ade in 2008
user1:  it is still good to watch today!
user2: yes the CGI was quite good for its time 
user1: I do like turtles :)
user2: Ninja turtles?\
user1: not really but my husband loves them and my son
user2: oh cool
user1: I love how they have tied the iron man into all the movies
user1: marvel is great about that
user2: really?  Why do you like marvel movies so much and not say  harry potter films?
user2: do you think siri or alexa like marvel films as well?
user1: just not my bag
user1: what do they have to do with it
user1: lol
user1: I think Robert dowy plays the billionare genius part well don't you?
user2: just asking as I wonder what AI think about them
user2: bye

conversation:
user1: Hi,
user2: Hello
user1: Hi 
user1: What is the task?
user2: What’s the name of this movie?
user1: Iron man
user2: Whose the lead actor or actors?
user1: Robert Denoy
user2: Sounds interesting, would you say the movie is more of a comedy or serious?
user1: I think the Movie is more serious
user2: Are there a lot of special FX?
user1: Not at all
user2: What would you say is the main premise of the movie?
user1: Don't know
user1: Responding  too late
user2: Is Iron Man a good comic book character?
user1: Yes
user2: Would recommend this movie, if so why?
user1: I would like to recommend the movie
user1: not a special reason]
user2: Have you seen this movie before?
user1: Not at all
user2: Do you think Robert Downy plays a good Iron Man?
user1: Yes
user2: Is this Iron Man a new movie or an older movie?
user1: Older movie
user2: Would you recommend this movie to be watched in theaters or at home?
user1: I would like to recommend this movie to watch in theaters
user2: How long is the movies run time?
user1: 2 hours 10 miniutes
user2: That’s about all the questions I have. How do we end this conversation?
user2: Thanks for chatting and helping,e decided on this movie 

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: hello. the movie we are discussing is iron man.
user2: Oh can you tell me more about it?
user1: Iron man is a movie produced by Marvel studios. It is a really good movie because of the main character whose name is Tony Stark. who is a genius inventor and wear iron man costume. 
user2: Why does he wear the suit of armor?
user1: he wears the suit because he wants to protect good people. 
user2: Does he fight anyone?
user1: Stane. another character in iron man who was a second in command for stark's business tries to take over stark
user2: Does Tony have friends?
user1: the movie shows special effects with fresh energy and stylish polish. 
user2: The effects sound like they are good, does Tony have any supporting characters or friends?
user1: yes. he has friends such as James and his wife/personal assistance Pepper. 
user1: who always supported Tony's decision and always back him up.
user2: Is he a superhero?
user1: no James is not a super hero but he does wear armor suit from tony's collection. 
user2: Really? that sounds coo! You told me that the villain was a person named Stane, what is their motivation for being a villain? What do they want to do?
user1: they want to take over Tony's business. Tony builds weapons for US army. 
user1: Stane wants to defeat Tony and show the world who is a better business man. 
user2: So Tony is a weapon's builder? That's a very unusual job for a superhero. Does he build weapons throughout the movie?
user2: What actor plays the character of Iron man?
user1: yeah he is an inventor and manufactures weapons to the US military. throughout the movie he tries to prevent bad folks getting his weapons. 
user1: Robert Downey.
user2: Oh I like RDJ! Who plays the character of Pepper?
user1: Gwyneth Pattrow.
user2: Oh I like her too, and who plays James?
user1: Terrence Howard. 
user1: i am sure you will love the movie
user1: Tony is a funny character. 
user2: Really? does he make jokes?
user1: yea. all the time. 
user2: Is he the only funny character?
user1: mostly

conversation:
user1: Hello, what movie do we have to talk about today?
user2: Good afternoon!  :)  We'll be talking about Iron Man today.  Have you seen it?
user1: No i haven't to be honest.
user1: Is it by marvel?
user2: Yes, one of the Marvel Comics movies, and one of my personal favorites.
user1: Can you tell me why itis one of your favorites because i just have never had the intrest in seeing it.
user2: Robert Downey Jr. plays Tony Stark / Iron Man, and he is definitely one of my favorite characters in the whole Marvel movie franchise.  He plays the role brilliantly.
user1: Okay, how about the rest of the actors?
user1: What did it get on rotten tomatoes? (if you have it on the fact sheet.) 
user2: Terrence Howard plays James "Rhodey" Rhodes, a friend of Stark's and the liason between Stark Industries and the Air Force
user2: Rotten Tomatoes 94%
user1: Does he ever fal in love with a girl that he tries to save?
user2: Oh yes, that's definitely part of the story, but not on the fact sheet yet   LOL
user1: That's cool, is he a vigilante or sworn by governement?
user2: The character Tony Stark is a billionaire and an inventor, a total genius, and one of his specialties is inventing weapons, many of which he has sold to the US Government.
user2: He's a defense contractor, in fact, so works with the government.
user1: Hmm okay, does he(tony) flaunt his wealth status?
user2: Yes, he does.  He's big on attending parties, has an office/lab that puts Bruce Wayne's to shame, and loves every minute of it.
user1: Is there any other ways you can convince me to watch it right now?
user1: Who is the villain? 
user1: Would you watch this over the avengers?
user2: Jeff Bridges character is the villain of the first Iron Man movie (Obadiah Stane.)  I have watched this movie many, many times and although I love all the Marvel movies including Avengers, I really like the Iron Man movies much better.  I love the snarky sense of humor that Tony Stark brings to the movies.
user2: And the Iron Man suit is just too cool.  He flies, he shoots fireballs out of his hands, has a killer interface built into the helmet, it's seriously cool.
user1: Hmm now you're getting me with the comedy influences. That does sound pretty cool, he flies too right?
user1: What does his helmet help him do?
user2: In this movie, the villain, Obediah Stane steals pieces of Tony Stark's prototype Iron Man suit and has it reverse engineered.  Yes, Iron man flies, those scenes are great.
user1: Hmm so I see does he steal the ideas after he works for the government?
user1: Obediah?^^
user2: Yes he does.  Oh, and I forgot to mention... if you're a fan of S.H.I.E.L.D., some of those main characters are in the Iron Man movies as well.
user1: Okay okay, you might have got me there i did like SHIELD 
user1: Is this okay to watch with my kids under 10?
user2: They play a big part in recruiting Tony Stark
user2: Yes, it's fine for the kids, I can't think of anything I wouldn't have let my kids watch at that age.
user2: About the same as all the Marvel movies in that respect.
user1: Okay cool, well im kinda out of questions and may give it a shot. What else is there to know>
user1: ?
user2: Gwyneth Paltrow plays the love interest you asked about.  She plays Pepper Potts, Tony Stark's assistant, and she's excellent in the role.

conversation:
user2: Do you like Marvel movies like this one?
user1: I love Marvel movies. They never cease to amaze me. 
user1: I haven't seen this movie personally but my son loves it. Have you seen it?
user2: Yeah I saw it when it was first released, it was a great movie. It felt less serious and much more fun than other superhero movies.
user1: I find it interesting that critics say Terrence Howard's character plays a man who looks dispirited and taken for granted. Normally he plays the tough guy in movies.
user1: Do you believe the fact that he is slightly depressed and taken for granted can be a direct subliminal message as to how our military solider/veterans are normally treated in today's society?
user2: Yeah compared to his newer roles this was definitely one of the more unique ones in the sense that he was taken for granted. I think what you're saying about the possible hidden messages behind his character could definitely be true as the film has a lot of characters like that such as Shaun Toub.
user2: I agree with the critics that Gwyneth Paltrow's performance couldn't really be expressed due to her role and the lack of expansion to her character.
user1: Exactly, judging from the document, it kind of feels like Shaun's played a very important factor in creating the first Iron man suit, but he is not given recognition as one of the inventors. In fact I think he created the most important part of the sure. Without the electromagnet he created, Start would probably be dead. In this sense I would say that actually makes him the hero in the story.
user1: Normally that is how it is with her being a supporting character. There are only a few instances where the love interest in the story get's the attention she deserves.
user2: I agree that especially during the time it was released the CGI was amazing and had a very noticeable attention to detail during the action sequences when it was truly shown off.
user1: On another note, I would definitely agree with the critics in regards to it seeming like a military thriller. Normally those types of moves give you a sense of American pride or are extreme tear jerkers. So i can definitely see why there is a feel of depressing and going through the motions.
user1: I find it interesting that his character is primarily portrayed as a war hero. Although he is a mythical character, I think the director does a great job with releasing this movie in 2008, shortly after the war ended in Afghanistan in real life. This makes the viewer connect to the story line in more present day realistic struggles/issues. Interesting
user2: I could totally see and agree with the statement it acts as a military thriller in the first half, especially during the key scene where when he is testing a new type of missile from his company in Afghanistan his convoy is ambushed and he is taken captive by a group of terrorists.
user1: In your opinion was Robert Downey Jr a great fit to play this role?
user2: His performance of a wild and egotistical playboy was very spot on and amazing to watch play out on the screen, out of all the performances he definitely is the most memorable of all of them.
user2: His performance made me feel like his character would realistically approach problems with the solutions they actually provided on the screen, and that he reacts to people and events in a way that you'd imagine Tony Stark to react.
user1: That's interesting. Looking at the ratings. I would definitely go see this movie. Rotten Tomato critics are tough and this movie has a 94% average. Definitely seems to be a must see.
user2: While I liked the scene where he eliminates the terrorist threat from Gulmira in memory of Yinsen, I feel like his discovery of Stane's evil plot and him asking Pepper to "hack" into their own company'
user2: company's database was a little bit weird considering he is the CEO. I also thought it weird he didn't bother to report it to any authorities and Pepper decided to take action and call SHIELD.
user1: Yes Marvel movies normally has a weird way to introduce new information in their scenes. They often contain plot twists and "wow" moments which keeps fans entertained. I'm glad he saved the village but I was very surprised to find out about Stane's true identity.
user2: I don't really understand Stane's motives necessarily either, he is a vice president at one of largest and most powerful weapons defense companies in the world and without a doubt makes large sums of money, but he feels the need to sell arms on the side to terrorists in a third world country? I'm certain that isn't exactly super profitable.
user2: On the grand scale of movie villains especially Marvel villains, Stane seems rather cheesy and uninspired and I think that's one thing they could have definitely improved on.
user1: Yes he as portrayed as evil and motivated by monetary gain. But of course every story has to have an antagonist when we are taking about Marvel. 
user1: I agree his role could have been developed better. Maybe his character was created to simply capitalize Stark's capability to succeed in those types of situations.
user2: Another thing I think this scene and the entire movie failed to utilize was the agency of SHIELD, Pepper simply alerts an agent of Stane's evil activities but we don't really see them try to find a solution or stop the activities and let Tony handle it.
user1: I'm not seeing much information about Pepper, except the fact that she discovered the truth about Stane. I would think there would be like a rescue scene or something with her, or more interest placed on their love connection. 
user1: Great point! I strongly dislike when movies introduce information without resolution. Fans hate leaving with unaswered questions.
user2: Pepper eventually accompanies a few SHIELD agents to one of the Stark buildings due to her all-access pass, and you could argue when they are eventually taken out and Pepper is left that Stark coming in at that time was her rescue scene.
user2: I think later on in the scene Pepper turns it into less of a rescue scene and more of a duo fighting against Stane when she proves her worth managing to overload the reactor of the building and killing Stane in the process.
user1: I think the scene where Stark defeats Shane would have the audience on the edge of their seats. But i definitely think the producers did a great job making Stark the hero because It's impressive for a hero to still conquer without his  suit at full capacity.
user2: I think they added that part where he isn't at full capacity to show that it's not just the suit doing all the work but the heroic actions and confidence of the person using it.
user1: Great heroism displayed definitely. 
user1: Nice chatting with you. Have a great day :)

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hello
user2: have u seen iron man?
user1: no I haven't
user1: is it any good?
user1: also, which one do you mean?
user2: its a film starring robert downey jr
user2: he plays iron man
user1: oh yes, I've heard of it, just havn't seen it
user2: it came out in 2008 and directed by jon favreau
user1: is he any good?
user1: jon favreau?
user2: yes he is very good director/actor
user1: interesting
user1: yes, but I didn't imagine him to be action director
user1: who else is in the movie?
user2: its about a genius inventor he creates weapons and eventually creats a suit
user2: terrence howard
user2: jeff bridges
user1: is he the bad guy?
user2: yea
user2: stark's company was doing illegal shipments to terrorists
user1: who else?
user1: whos stark?
user2: tony stark the billionaire playboy ceo inventor
user2: robert downey
user2: they try to kill stark but they dont obviously
user1: who's Jeff bridges palying?
user2: obadiah stone
user1: bad guy or good?
user2: stark creates an ark reactor and his company is trying to recreate the tech
user2: hes bad
user2: stark fights obadiah in the stark building
user1: are jeff bridges and terrance howard in cahoots?
user2: not terrence howard
user1: whats an ark reactor?
user2: like a mini nuclear reactor that powers things
user1: wait, so both jeff bridges and terrence howard are BAD guys? yeah?
user2: only jeff bridges is bad
user1: oh I see. 
user1: oh okay I see
user1: what's terrance howard's relation to Tony stark?
user2: terrence howard is good friends with stark
user2: best friend
user1: did you leave?

conversation:
user1: Hi there! TGIF!
user2: Hi, how are you doing?
user1: pretty well, you?
user2: I'm doing pretty well, The movie I want you to watch is Iron man. It has a rotten tomatoes score of 94%. Robert Downey Jr. Stars as Ironman
user1: That is some pretty high ratings! I do enjoy Robert Downey Jr. movies, can you tell me more about it?
user2: Tony Starks is a genius inventor and billionaire. He is chief creator and weapons manufacturer for the U.S. Miltary. He is a genius by day and playboy by night.
user1: nice, living the life! :)
user1: any other big actors or actresses in the movie?
user2: The movie came out in 2008 and some of the critically acclaimed responses were "expansively entertaining" and "impressive sets and mechanics"
user1: sounds like it was a good production and successful with the critics.
user2: Terrence Howard plays as his friend "James Rhodey" and Gwyneth Paltrow as "Pepper Potts" 
user1: some pretty well known people then. awesome. well is it your typical DC or Marvel, good guy vs bad guy?
user2: Yes, Tony Starks inherited his business from his dad. After demonstrating a new missile, He is wounded and captured by the enemy.  
user1: Who is the enemy?
user2: Jeff Bridges, His mentor, and second and command of his company. He tried to overthrow Stark so that he could take over his company.
user1: wow, go figure! sounds good though. I do like Marvel over DC. how about you?
user2: I do, especially iron man, I've been watching it since i was a kid. I loved the action scene bewteen iron man and jeff bridges 
user1: It sounds like it was well produced so I imagine it is good, do any others show up in it like captain america or anyone?
user2: Agen Phil Coulson of S.H.I.E.L.D makes an appearance in there. The first movie was a solo hero action movie
user1: I'm not certain who that is
user1: but it does sounds pretty good, how does it all end?
user2: just a basic shield representative, it ends with a iron suit battle between iron man and jeff bridges
user1: Hoping Ironman won! :)
user2: Any type of battle with iron suits is epic
user1: yes it is, they are pretty cool suits! wouldn't mind testing on out!
user1: one*
user2: I as well, the reason why the kidnapped him was because they could not duplicate his arc reactor which powers his suit
user1: oh okay, so it was to gain information, did they want to kill him as well?
user2: Yes because Jeff Bridges aka Obadiah Stane wanted to take over his company, 
user1: Did he escape then somehow?
user2: Yes, their fight carried them into the sky were a massive electrical surge caused Stane and his armor to fall into the exploding reactor, killing him
user1: oh good! :) I will check it out! thanks!
user2: Cool Thanks

conversation:
user1: What do you think about the 2008 movie Iron Man?
user2: I think it was really solid super hero movie that opened itself up to the Marvel Universe. A good start to the Iron Man trilogy, as well. 
user2: Did you enjoy it? what were your favorite parts?
user1: I think that Robert Downey Jr. was a solid choice for the main character. 
user1: My favorite part of the movie was when he was designing the original prototype suit. 
user1: What are your thoughts on the CG used in the movie?
user2: He's an excellent actor. Very funny but able to portray emotions well. Yes, the initial iron man suit was really cool. The CGI was really something. I could barely tell where the CGI began and the practical effects ended. 
user2: What did you think about Tony Stark's love interest, Pepper Potts? 
user1: I feel that Gwyneth Paltrow was a good choice to play her. She has a lot of versatility in the role as she shifts between professional assistant to fiery love interest. 
user1: What are your thoughts on the character Yinsen?
user2: I agree. Yin Sen was a really interesting character that brought humanity next to Stark's super genius. I also really liked Jeff Bridges's villain. I barely recognized him. 
user1: I think he served as a means of contrasting against Tony Starke. The idealistic rich billionaire who happens to sell weapons, and the conniving greedy villain who sells weapons to both sides. 
user1: Do you think Terrence Howard served as a good James Rhodes?
user2: I do think so. Much like Yin Sen contrasts Tony Stark, so does James Rhodes, but this time in terms of level-headness and reason. 
user2: Do you think that Stark should feel responsible for who he sells weapons to? Is he a bad person at the beginning of the film?
user1: I think he lacks awareness, preferring to be more of a playboy billionaire. If he's bad, it's only because he's unaware of what Obadiah is doing. 
user1: What were your thoughts on the "jericho" missile?
user2: Visually impressive and awesome. Not to fall into the wrong hands however. 
user2: What did you think about the agent's of SHIELD's entry into the movie?
user2: Did it seem natural?
user1: Definitely not. Do you think that Rhodes became an important part of the plotline when he stopped the F-22 fighter jets from attacking Ironman?
user1: I don't know about that, but I think that Agent Phil has always been one of the coolest characters in the movie series. 
user2: I think it showed that he was a trustworthy character. The F-22s brought the movie into the real world and real worl dmilitary. 
user2: Phil is one of my favorite characters to. The agents of SHIELD seem to hold together the Marvel universe. 
user1: I think Obadiah's attempt on Tony's life was one of the most convoluted assassination attempts that has ever been done by a villain. 
user1: Iron Man is one of the first superheroes to not adopt a secret identity. What do you think of that?
user2: You're right, it was a bit too complicated, but did let the movie have a bit of intrigue. The part where Stark replaces his own arc reactor is pretty gross. 
user2: What did you think about the ending where he says, "I am Iron Man"
user2: ?
user1: I think that he didn't think it was that much of a leap. He's already a mechanical genius, what is the difference to a mechanical genius superhero?
user2: Right, because he is already a famous billionaire. The step from playboy to superhero isn't as big as the leap from unknown kid in New York to Spiderman. 
user2: Is he arrogant for thinking his loved ones aren't in danger for him revealing his identity, though?
user1: Depends. They may already be in danger due to him being high profile already. It is likely he would have been a target anyways for knowing how to make advanced weapons. 

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi, How are you?
user2: Good how are you? what is the movie called?
user1: Not too bad. Thank you. The movie for discussion today is Ironman. 
user2: Oh sounds cool. What is it about?
user1: I actually enjoyed the movie
user2: What did you like about it?
user1: Its a film based on the Marvel Comics character.
user2: Oh okay, I think I've heard of it. Do you have any more info on the plot?
user1: It stars Robert Downey Jr, Terrance Howard, Jeff Bridges and Gwyneth Paltrow
user2: What is it about though?
user1: Tony Stark (Roberts Downey Jr.) is a defense contractor 
user1: He is the CEO of Stark industries, industrialist, and and genius inventor
user2: Who do the others play?
user2: Is there a villain?
user1: Gwyneth  plays Pepper Potts
user2: Who does Jeff Bridges play?
user2: Are you still there?
user1: Yes, I apologize I had to reread a section...
user1: Jeff Bridges is the villain in this movie.
user2: no problem. How long does this go on for?
user1: He plays the part of Obadiah Stane
user1: Stane was second-in-demand at Stark industries
user2: Second in command you mean?
user1: Lol, yes you are correct.
user2: Do you know how long this lasts
user1: Stane is Starks mentor and friend but then turns on Stark to overtake his business
user1: (I have received my second page and I believe it said there would be three pages)
user2: Ahh thank you that is more of the plot. Is there a lot of action and are the special effects good?
user2: Ahh okay cool
user2: I guess we can move on to the second page
user1: It is definitely an action movie with great effects
user1: Yes
user1: Stark is in Afghanistan h
user2: Is it funny as well? Also when did it come out
user1: he is there to demonstrate his new "jericho" missile
user1: It was released in 2008
user2: Okay. After Afghanistan where does the setting move?
user1: After the demonstration the convoy he is with gets ambushed
user2: Is that how he becomes iron man, or was he iron man before the accident
user1: Stark is injured and then is captured and held captive in a cave
user2: I take it he escapes?
user1: Ironman comes after he is hit with shrapnel from one of his own missles 
user2: Then he goes after jeff Bridges character, is that who was behind his capture?
user1: He has an electromagnet implanted into his chest to keep the shrsapnel from reaching his heart and killing him
user2: When does he get his suit
user1: Ten Rings is responsible for imprisioning his
user2: Does the majority of the movie take place in the U.S., Afghanistan or someplace else?
user1: a terrorist group that want the 'Jerico" missile
user1: He makes a deal apparently with the leader of the terrorist
user2: Okay, this movie sounds interesting
user2: Did you get the third sheet yet?
user1: STark returns home after that
user1: (not yet)
user1: Stark learns that Stane has been trafficking weapons to criminals world-wide
user2: Man this was a lot longer than they said. I have to leave for work soon
user2: So he goes after stane to stop him?
user1: Ten rings gather piece of a prototype suit he has and meets with Stane
user1: Stane has a massive new suit reverse engineered
user2: Who is Ten Rings?
user1: Ten Rings is the terrorist group responsible for imprisoning stark

conversation:
user1: U for real right now
user2: Yep. 
user1: I gotta trash this hotel room
user1: U ever seen da movie
user2: I have not seen the movie, Iron Man, have you? 
user1: What did u just call me
user2: The name of the movie is Iron Man. 
user1: Oh, yeah. Have u seen it?
user2: No, I have not, have you?
user1: What?
user2: I'm asking if you have seen the movie. I haven't seen the movie. If you've seen the movie maybe you could give me some insight into it? 
user1: It's every kids nightmare I mean best movie
user1: Nah I'm not a big fan
user2: Well, it has Robert Downey Jr, he's a lovely actor. I'm sure it's probably pretty interesting if you're into action movies. 
user1: Sorry about that yeah he's man sexy
user2: From what I'm reading it's part of the Marvel Comic movies. Tons of those have come out lately. 
user1: Well it's marvel but they are late cap ok whooped they ass
user1: .
user1: U there 
user2: Yes, I am. I'm just reading through the document here trying to find something to talk about. 
user1: Yea this app is breaking
user2: It's fine on my end. So from what I understand Iron Man is a normal person, but wears a suit that enables him to be super powerful. Not a very believable premise, is it? 
user1: Yea I'd rather be offline this recap doesn't point out the good plot points
user2: Well, look, you can abort the conversation, or stick around and make a few bucks. It's not very hard to discuss basic points of the movie. Like it seems like it was very well reviewed by critics. 
user2: And it has many very good actors and actresses in it. 
user1: I think they call it borking guess I have that blurry finish button too
user2: It appears that Jeff Bridges plays the "bad guy." Who was originally Tony Stark's friend, but then betrayed him. 

conversation:
user2: Hi! So what did you think of Iron Man?
user1: I liked it a lot! I especially loved the contrast between the various characters. How about you?
user2: Agreed! I can't help but agree with Cinemascore's rating of A as well as the Rotten Tomatoes rating of 94%! So who was your favorite character?
user1: That's a tough one. I guess I'd have to go with Tony Stark. I like that he's not a "typical" hero. Instead he has flaws and makes mistakes just like a real person.
user2: So true! He was probably my favorite as well even though I enjoyed the entire cast! Tony was a genius inventor and playboy that you can't help but love!
user1: What did you think of Gwyneth Paltrow's character, Pepper Potts?
user2: I thought she did a great job playing his assistant and budding love interest! What did you think of Jeff Bridges as Obadiah Stane?
user1: I think Jeff Bridges is an excellent actor, but his character was a bit cliche for my taste.
user2: Agreed! Although I was surprised that he turned on Tony to overtake the company!
user1: I felt like that part was obvious. That archetype is tried and true. 
user2: Agreed! So what did you think about the beginning when the convoy was ambushed after the Jericho missile demonstration?
user1: I thought it was an interesting way to set the plot in motion. It was certainly a wake up call for Stark that he wasn't invincible. 
user2: So true! It definitely did set the plot in motion as it led to the capture and imprisonment by the ten rings terrorist group!
user1: What was your favorite part of the movie?
user2: Honestly, I loved how Tony and Yinsen weren't gullible enough to believe the ten rings leader's offer for freedom in exchange for building a Jericho missle! What about you?
user1: I like when Yinsen operates on Stark and implants the electromagnet.
user2: That was a great scene and basically prevented Tony from dying! I was surprised when the reporter revealed that weapons were being delivered to Ten Rings to destroy Yinsen's home village! 
user1: Yeah, that part was interesting for sure.
user2: Also loved how Starke donned the new armor and flew there to save the villagers!
user1: Yeah. What did you think of S.H.I.E.L.D.?
user2: I loved Phil Coulson! Especially loved it when Potts met with him to inform the agency of Stane's shady activities. How about you?
user1: I thought they were an interesting addition to the plot of the movie.
user2: So true! It eventually led to Stane ambushing Stark at home and stealing the the arc reactor in State's chest!
user1: How do you think S.H.I.E.L.D. played into that portion of the plot?
user2: I think when they went to arrest Stane was a mistake as he donned the new suit and they were no match for him! How did you feel about the ensuing battle between Stark and Stane? 
user1: It was a battle between good and evil, but with a twist. Both parties were partly "evil". 
user2: Agreed! And Stark was truly outmached without his new reactor to run his suit at full capacity!
user1: How did you feel about Stark publicly admitting to being Iron Man?
user2: That was a surprise - especially going against the suggestions from SHIELD! Well it was great discussing the 2008 superhero movie Iron Man with you! Have a great day!

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi
user2: Have you seen this movie?
user1: Yes. This movie is about superhero.
user2: Yes. I actually thought it was very well made. The character was well developed
user1: It stars Robert Downey Jr. Are you versed with it?
user2: I thought he was an odd choice at first but he did a great job actually
user2: What did you think?
user1: It think Marvel Comics did a great job casting with  Robert Downey Jr. Gwyneth Paltrow and Terrance Howard.
user1: Is this the same version you are recalling. Do you know the name of the moview?
user2: Yes, its Ironman
user2: I am a bit surprised that it didnt get better scores on the reviews
user1: Tony escaped with a help of a captive in Afghanistan
user1: He is both smart and wealthy
user2: I agree
user1: He uses his talents to live despite a shrapnel shards close to his heart
user2: He is smart. I didnt really understand the whole captive thing. It seemed a bit far fetched
user2: I understand the idea and how it worked in the context of the story but I am not convinced.
user1: Are you planning on watching soon?
user2: I might. I haven't seen the most recent one have you? 
user2: Hello?
user1: Stark recognizes that he is being back stabbed by Stane
user1: I have only seen the first
user2: I have heard the other ones are good too
user2: I think the stabbing in the back aspect is interesting of a dynamic ot the story
user1: His weapons are being delivered to questionable groups or arms trafficking 
user2: That makes sense in a way though. That is how big buisness works these days
user1: S.H.I.E.L.D is made aware and they try to combat Stane after he left Stark for death
user2: Yeah, I think that part of it was interesting too. They just wrote him off quickly
user1: It is great that Stark kept the original because without this he would have been no more
user1: It is a movie to all
user1: I am glad you will watch again

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Iron man the original movie that came out in 2008 is a good movie have you seen it 
user1: not yet, am intrested to watch
user1: can you please provide me some details about this movie
user2: it is the very first movie in the marvel universe franchise. that nowhas ovver 20 movies. can be the start of the ultimate marathon 
user1: ok..who are the main role
user2: robert downey jr plays iron. also has other great actors like gwyneth paltrow and terrance howard
user1: any details about direction?

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hi!  What movie did you read about?
user1: I have information about Iron Man.  Do you see it too?
user2: I do not.  I've never seen it before.  What genre is it?
user1: It's a super hero movie.  How do feel about that genre?
user2: I like some super hero movies.  Does it have a lot of action?
user1: The critics seem to think so.  Audiences give it a good score, too.
user2: Sounds intriguing.  What studio released it?
user1: It stars Robert Downey Jr.  Any opinion on him?
user1: It a Marvel Studios release.  In fact, it's the first of their giant "cinematic universe" of connecting films.
user2: I liked him in Chaplin.  It was a Charlie Chaplin biopic.  He was  great in Natural Born Killers as well.  Who else stars in it?
user1: Gwyneth Paltrow, Jeff Bridges, and Terrance Howard
user2: I like all of them.  Does it stay true to the comic books?  
user1: It's about a guy who inherits a weapons company from his father and gets injured by terrorists using his own weapons.
user2: Who plays the guy who inherits the weapons company?  
user1: Robert Downey Jr.  The Iron Man character is his way of surviving his injuries and also fighting back
user2: Who is the villian of the movie? 
user1: I'm not sure.  It does say that Jeff Bridges becomes a business enemy, but that doesn't mean he's evil.
user2: Does Gwyneth Paltrow play his love interest?
user1: He's probably the villain.  It says he builds his own version of the Iron Man suit.
user2: He must be the villain then.  How many Iron Movies are there?
user1: She starts as his personal assistant.
user1: doesn't say how many.  have you seen any of the other marvel films?
user2: I've only seen Guardians of the Galaxy, which was pretty good.  I may have to give Iron Man a shot.  Who was the director?
user1: Jon Favreau
user1: Just got some new info.
user2: What did you get some new info on? 
user1: the movie.  a new scene description.  a showdown between the two business leaders.
user2: Is this the finale of the movie?  What happens?
user1: it sounds like the finale, so i don't want to spoil it
user2: That's fair.  What's your favorite part of the movie?
user1: we're done.  thanks for chatting.

conversation:
user1: Hi there
user2: Hi!
user1: Which movie do we have?
user2: Iron Man is great movie. Robert Downey Jr. puts on a legendary performance in it.
user2: He plays an industrialist, genius inventor who is a billionaire CEO of Stark Industries. As such, he is the chief weapons manufacturer for the U.S. military.
user2: His best friend is James "Rhodey" Rhodes who is played by Terrence Howard. He plays an important role as the liasion between Stark Industries and the United States Air Force.
user1: Oh agreed. Its been awhile, but its a unique super hero movie about a very intelligent business person trying to privatize security
user2: Another very important character is Pepper Potts, played by Gwyneth Paltrow, She is Stark's personal assistant and budding love interest. 
user2: Yes, he is a very unique superhero.
user1: Whats your favorite part of the movie?
user2: Another important person in the film is Obadiah Stane. He is the second in command to Stark at the company. He is a mentor and a friend who eventually turns on Tony in an attempt to take over Stark Industries.
user2: Towards the end of the movie, he builds his own exosuit so that he can fight Stark.
user1: I dont recall him trying to take over...
user1: Why did he?
user2: So Tony Stark inherits the company from his father. Early in the movie, he is in war-torn Afghanistan with James Rhodes to demonstrate his new "Jericho" missile.
user2: After the demonstration, his convoy is ambushed and he is taken and imprisoned.
user2: He befriends a fellow prisoner, Yinsen. The terrorist group, Ten Rings, who imprisoned him, wanted Stark and Yinsen to create a Jericho missile for them.
user1: Do you know the movie this well?
user2: First, to save Tony, Yinsen implants an electromagnet into Stark's chest to keep the shrapnel shards that wounded him from reaching his heart and killing him.
user2: Yes, very well! I love this movie.
user1: Sweet
user1: I remember parts of it, but not that well!
user1: I would absolutely watch it again though
user2: Yes, so after Stark escapes the prisoner group, he holds a charity event. He is informed by a reported that his company's weapons, including the Jericho, were recently delivered to the Ten Rings.
user2: The weapons were being used to attack the home village of Yinsen.
user2: Stark was extremely mad. He throws on his new armor, the prototype Ironman suit, and flies to the village in Afghanistan. He saves the villagers and heads home.
user2: After two F-22 Raptor fighter jets see him, his identity is revealed to Rhodes over the phone in an attempt to end the attack by the jets.
user2: The Ten Rings meet with Stane secretly and he has the group killed. Stane then manufactures a new suit from the wreckage. Then, Pepper Potts finds out about Stane through the downloading of the companies illegal shipments.
user2: What do you think so far?
user1: I think you have outstanding knowledge of the movie!
user1: I love the whole series, and have watched it, though not for a while.
user2: True! I can pretty much recap the whole thing.
user1: It's like a funnier, more sarcastic Batman in some awys
user2: So now, Stane's scientists cannot duplicate the arc reactor that powers Stark's. Therefore, Stane ambushes Stark at his home and takes the one from his chest!
user2: I agree with that. Robert Downey Jr. typically provides some comic relief.
user1: Definitely. i love his interactions and snappy dialogue
user2: Exactly. So after that, Stark manages to save himself from the shrapnel in his chest by using his original reactor. 
user2: Potts and several agents attempt to arrest Stane but he has been donning his new suit and attacks them.
user2: Tony, while on his way to fight Stane, knows that his original reactor is not strong enough to compete with the one that Stane stole!
user2: While they fight. Stark and Stane end up near the top of the building and Stark instructs Potts to overload the large arc reactor powering the building.
user2: This unleashes a massive electrical surge that kills Stane. The next day, Stark announces himself as Iron Man.
user2: What do you think?
user1: I dont have the document, amongst my favorite scenes from the movie is when Stark announces he has privatized national security.
user2: Awesome!

conversation:
user2: did you enjoy iron man 
user2: ?
user1: Yes. I love Robert Downey Jr's work.
user2: me too 
user2: im glad he was able to kick his drug habits enough for the role 
user1: Yeah. He was a pretty convincing weapons manufacturer.
user2: he does tend to dive into his roles 
user1: How do you think Jon Favreau did with the directing?
user2: like the reporter on natural born killers 
user2: it was a good direction for the iron man movie 
user1: When I saw Rotten Tomatoes had given it a 94% I knew I had to go see it!
user2: im glad rotten tomatoes is able to give a reasonable rating 
user1: I wasn't loving Gwyneth as the love interest but it's not really that great of a role to begin with
user2: yea im not too big of a gwyneth fan 
user1: It's lucky that Stark was imprisoned in that cave with a doctor
user2: ha the dr did help with the entire plot of the movie 
user1: Without him there'd be no electromagnet in the chest
user2: exactly 
user1: and therefore no power for the suit
user2: he doesnt get enough credit 
user1: He had a very sad end
user2: great character 
user1: I loved that Stark enterprises was really trafficking weapons to criminals worldwide behind Tony's back. It seemed really realistic.
user2: i like how that plot opened up the possibility of more than 1 iron man movie 
user2: then transition more super heros to join in the fight 
user1: Do you think Tony did the right thing flying to Afghanistan to save the villagers given that that is how he lost the suit and gave Stane the opportunity to reverse engineer it?
user2: the special effects were also a great part of the movie not really over the top with the cgi 
user1: They integrated them really well!
user2: i felt he had a moral obligation 
user1: That's the problem with being a superhero
user2: thats true 
user1: It's like, he created this technology that is great and helps people but that also means that Stane can break into his house and steal the reactor right out of his chest and use it for evil 
user1: I especially liked the ending where he admitted to being Iron Man
user2: i wish they woulda done the reveal more like the comic book 
user2: but i do look forward to the releases of the new super hero films 
user1: I haven't read the comic book, but I thought this reveal was pretty dramatic

conversation:
user2: hi
user2: Do you like superhero movies?
user1: yes i like it
user1: because of many interesting features 

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: HEllo
user1: Which movie are what discussing?
user2: iron man
user1: Did you like it?
user1: I am interested in watching it
user2: yes
user1: Can you tell me the plot?
user2: I'm going to talk to you for a while about iron man, this is a superhero movie.
user1: Yes, I like this genre
user1: Who plays the main character?
user2: Of course, this is based on a heroic character with a plot based on a transformation.
user2: Robert Downey Jr. como Tony Stark
user1: Downey is talented
user2: Tony Stark is the Iron Man.
user1: Was he good?
user2: If he is an actor with a lot of experience and talent, he was chosen for this character.
user2: good just that something sarcastico
user2: It is the first installment of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The film was directed by Jon Favreau, with a screenplay by Stan Lee, Hawk Ostby, Art Marcum and Matt Holloway.
user1: Do you recommend it?
user1: I am very interested
user1: I want to watch it soon
user2: is very good
user2: hey if I highly recommend it is a wonderful super hero movie
user2: It stars Robert Downey Jr, Terrence Howard, Jeff Bridges, Shaun Toub and Gwyneth Paltrow. The plot revolves around Tony Stark, a businessman and engineer, who builds a motorized exoskeleton and becomes Iron Man, a technologically advanced superhero
user1: I like Gwyneth Paltrow
user1: She must be good in this movie
user2: she is better
user1: Jeff Bridges is good?
user1: I usually like him
user2: The plot revolves around Tony Stark, an entrepreneur and engineer, who builds a motorized exoskeleton and becomes Iron Man, a technologically advanced superhero.
user2: he also has a very interesting role here
user1: It sounds exciting!
user2: It really is that
user1: Is it  appropriate for kids to watch?
user2: the truth was seen by everyone at the premiere and they are still watching children

conversation:
user1: Hi.
user2: Hello! 
user1: Want to talk about a movie?
user2: This looks like a great movie. Robert Downey Jr is very talented.
user1: Yes, I liked it as a kid.
user1: I loved Jeff Bridges in it.
user2: Can you explain the plot?
user1: It's about Tony Stark, an indutrialist who builds a technologically  advanced armor for himself.
user2: Is he a superhero?
user2: I see it got a 94% on rotten tomatoes. That's a great score.
user1: Yes, pretty much.
user1: In some ways similar to Batman.
user2: Oh, okay. I like Batman. 
user2: I like Gwyneth Paltrow. She's his love interest in the movie, right?
user1: Yeah.
user1: She's fine in this.
user2: Oh, cool. So do you agree with the rating given to this movie?
user1: Yeah, i'ts a fair rating in my opinion.
user1: And you?
user2: I haven't seen it! But it seems to be a good movie from the document. 
user2: I'll have to watch it soon.
user1: Go check it out then
user1: It's a good movie.
user1: Robert Downey Jr. is very good in this.
user2: Okay I will! I like him in other movies, and I've only heard good things about iron man.
user2: I'm sure it will be a great move. Is there a lot of action?
user1: Yes, tons of action!
user2: Oh great! I love action films
user2: Is the director pretty good?
user1: Yes, Jon Favreau knows how to make an action film.
user2: Awesome! Do you have any critiques on the film itself?
user1: It's a good film, the best in the series.
user2: Cool! Thanks for chatting with me. Have a good day@

conversation:
user1: Hi!
user2: Hello!
user2: Have you seen Iron Man?
user1: The original?
user2: '08 version, not sure if they made one before then
user1: I don't think I have
user1: Is it good?
user2: I highly suggest it, it's not perfect but it's cool to watch as the first of the recent comic book movie revival
user1: Which actors are in it?
user2: Robert Downey Jr. and Gwenyth Paltrow.  It also has Jeff Bridges 
user2: Has some pretty good ratings too
user2: It also has Terrence Howard and Shaun Toub
user1: I've seen Iron Man but in different movies
user1: Does it have other comic book heroes?
user2: It has Rhodey Rhodes, who you might know as War Machine
user1: Oh, okay
user1: I should watch it, I've seen the other ones so it would help me understand the story
user2: It would!  It also is highly acclaimed with positive reviews
user1: I know it was very expensive to make
user2: A lot of the technology in it was pretty groundbreaking and used in other movie to make the graphics of today possible.
user1: Was a lot of it CGI?
user2: It has a good blend of special effects and set creation, but a lot of the fight scenes could never be done without it
user1: That's part of the Avengers series, right?
user2: Sort of, it's the first movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, of which the Avengers is a part of 
user1: I heard they are crossing over with the X men, do you know if that's true?
user2: I do not know, though that would be cool
user1: I think I heard about that
user1: Although I'm not sure about too many crossovers
user2: I think at the end of Iron Man there's an extra scene with Nick Fury
user1: I wonder if Iron Man crosses over with Deadpool
user2: You can check online, but there's a cool scene in Iron Man where Phil Coulson meets with Pepper Potts
user1: There was a fun scene with Iron Man and Pepper Potts in Spiderman Homecoming
user1: I should go back and see all the Marvel/DC movies so the story makes sense

conversation:
user2: Robert Downey Jr as Tony starke/ironmaster
user1: Did you read about the movie?
user2: *ironmaster
user2: Yes I did 
user1: great - if you haven't seen it before - do you think it sounds like a good movie?
user2: It sounds like a great movie 
user1: Does the movie have any actors you like?
user2: It has Robert Downey jr, Terrence  howard, Jeff bridges, and gwyneth  patrol
user2: *paltro  
user1: you mean "paltrow"?
user1: do you like any them in particular?
user2: Yes lol I have autocorrect  on ...I like Robert Downey Jr he's a good actor 
user2: Terrence  Howard is not  that bad either
user1: Yeah - I like those two also.  What do you think of the article's review that pans Terrence Howard's performance as "dispirited and taken for granted" - if you saw the film, do you think you'd agree?
user2: I agree he mostly did follow Tony stark around most of the movie lol
user1: lol!  True!
user2: "Impressive  sets and mechanics  that combine smoothly with relatively seamless CG" what do you think about that quote 
user1: yeah - I'd say the cg is impressive for 2008
user2: It says it was the first marvel film for marvel cinematic  universe 
user1: what do you think of stark getting shot by two f-22 raptor fighter jets!  A good exo suit hu?
user1: It mentions S.H.I.E.L.D. - do you follow the Marvel films and the story line of S.H.I.E.L.D?
user2: In the marvel universe anything can happen but in the real world that's a no no lol
user1: lol!  yeah - I agree! :D
user2: Yeah I know of  S.H.I.E.L.D  they even got their own television  show lol
user1: Do you like the way the Iron Man movie ties in the Phil Coulson of S.H.I.E.L.D.?
user1: the Phill Coulson Character?
user2: Yeah I kinda liked it 
user2: Did the documents change
user2: Do you approve of the ratings  rotten tomatoe gaveit
user1: yep - it changed - the new paragraph talks about how S.H.I.E.L.D adviced Stark to not make it public that he's Iron Man - think his character should've listened?
user1: Yeah - I think the rotten tomatoes is kind of ok - I'd maybe put it a little higher.  How about you?
user2: I think he did the right thing by coming out as ironman 
user1: Me too!  It makes for a better story
user2: Rotten tomatoe should have given it a fresh 100
user1: Yep! :D

conversation:
user1: Hello! How are you?
user2: Have you seen this movie?
user1: Yes, I have seen Iron Man. Have you?
user2: I have.  Did you like it?
user1: I liked Robert downey Jr as iron man. It was good. Did you enjoy it?
user2: I did. Rober Downey Jr. was a good choice to play the superhero
user1: 2008 american superhero film, I didn't think it had been that long. Do you agree with the reviews it got?
user2: Yes, I don't think it would ever get the highest of high ratings because not everyone enjoys superhero films, but it is a good movie and that is why it got an A rating. 
user1: I think the ratings are high and agree as well. How many times have you seen this film?
user2: I think twice. 
user1: I had forgot that Gwyneth Paltrow was in this too. Any surprises for you on the list of actors?
user2: No. I am not too good a remembering actor's names or general actors without seeing their faces. 
user1: I can understand that. 
user2: What do you think about the key scene where Tony Stark is captured and medical experiments are performed on him. 
user1: That was an intense scene. 
user2: I agree. 
user1: Or when Stark's business partner ends up turning on him. Have any other favorite parts?
user2: Generally, the scenes where he is flying is very fun to watch.
user2: Also, the writing is rather witty and a little humor were very fun to break up the action scenes. 
user1: I agree, super fun to watch
user1: great special effects
user2: What did you think of the visual components? Like the animation that makes iron man's suit? Do you think the special effects were better or worse than other movies?
user1: I would say better, it holds up well to movies today so that is a good thing. 
user2: that is a good thing. Special effects in general are either hit or miss
user1: very much so
user2: I liked that a difference from most super hero movies, iron man reveals his true identity by choice. I think that Robert Downy Jr. was one of the only actors that could pull that off so effectively. 
user1: I agree, he is an unexpected choice but fit perfectly. 
user1: I can not think of another actor that could have pulled it off in that way. 
user2: Niether can I
user2: Great casting
user1: Will you be watching this movie again soon?

conversation:
user2: Hi!
user2: Have you ever seen SuperHero?
user1: No, I have not, can you tell me about it please?
user1: Hello, are you there? I need to respond 6 times!!!
user2: Yes, it is actually called IronMan. It is about Tony Stark, a billionaire playboy
user2: He is played by Robert Downey Jr. He is the CEO of Stark Industries and is a weapons manufacturer
user1: I remember Robert Downey Jr from the John Hughes movies he did..I hope he is better off now than he was portrayed in those movies back in tthe 80s!
user2: Yes, he is so funny in this movie. He is the main character but Terrence Howard plays a big role as well. He plays Tony's best friend in the movie as a liasion between Tony Stark and the United States Air Force. 
user1: Are we supposed to be discussing movies her? If so, are we supposed to discuss current movies or movies on the horizon?
user2: We are discussing IronMan.
user2: The superhero from Marvel. He is a normal man who is a billionaire and creates a super hi-tech suit that enables him to fly at insane speeds and shoot laser beams from his palms.
user1: Wasn't Terrance the one from Empire? With the gorgeous eyes?  He is an engima to me..do you know that the guy insists that the world is flat?
user2: Yes, that is Terrance.
user1: I just remember him from movies where he mainly played a drug addictt...
user2: One of the key scenes is when Stark is in Afghanistan promoting a new weapon. After the filming, he is in the convoy when him and his colleagues are ambushed. Stark is critically injured
user1: Robert Downey Jr I mean...I hate ot ask but am I doing this task correctly?
user2: As a result, he gets captured and imprisoned in a cave by a group of terrorists who want to steal his weapons. 
user2: Yes you are doing great!
user1: Well I don't think we need to be promoting any new weapons in Afghanistan lol!
user1: I can't imagine...was this based on a true story?
user2: No, this is not a true story. Ironman is just a man-made superhero story but there are some realistic parts.
user1: You say he is funny in the movie? So it isn't a serious role then
user1: What parts do you see as realistic?
user2: The other key scene is when Stark is at a charity event for his company. A reporter comes up to him and tells him his weapons are being used by terrorists. Stark is mortified and very upset.
user2: Stark quickly sets his sights on creating the man made suit that I mentioned. He flies to Afghanistan where he finds the terrorists with his weapons and he destroys them.
user2: Following this is when Stark realized he was on to something. The legend of Ironman was created not too long after his initial experimentation.
user2: Shortly after, Stark and his assistant Pepper realize that the partner at Stark Industries had hired these terrorists to kill Tony.
user2: Does this interest you?
user1: My sister goes to alot of the Comi-Con type events...I'm just not interested
user2: To do this hit correctly, we must discuss Ironman!
user1: I have never seen it so can I not do it?
user2: Just engage with what I am saying.
user1: Ok. tell me about the main character please
user2: Stane, Tony's assistant, wanted to duplicate the work of Tony and create his own suit and power source. If you know anything about Ironman, you know that the power source comes from the miniature arc reactor that powers the body suit of Ironman.
user1: What year is this movie set in please?
user2: Stane creates a suit of his own after he steals Tony's arc reactor. Tony realizes that he must be stopped and sets out to fight him. They have a fight while each wearing their own respective suits.
user2: The movie is from 2008.
user1: What is the suit made of ..material-wise?
user2: It is made of steel and iron.
user1: I have no idea what an arc reactor is!!!
user2: Stane ends up being killed by falling into an exploding energy reactor.
user2: That's okay! That is why you should watch the movie!
user2: This conversation is over now. You did great, thank you for your time!
user1: Thank you I hope I did ok, I am new...are we allowed to do more than one HIT please?
user1: wait...........!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! How am I supposed to get a code from you???

conversation:
user1: Hello. Happy Monday. 
user2: Hello
user1: Wow what’s an action packed movie don’t you think?
user2: Yes, I agree.. 
user2: I thought it was very entertaining
user1: Ratings are pretty high!
user1: Robert Downey jr is sure to deliver. He makes a great tony stark
user2: yeah, I know. He is a great actor
user2: I could definitely watch this movie again!
user1: Yes and I’m partial to marvel over DC
user2: Yeah, I am too.. 
user2: The special effects were great
user1: Yes I would highly recommend this to others if they enjoy the superhero genre 
user2: most definitely.. how cool would it be to be able to fly around like Iron Man? Lol
user2: I think the whole cast is pretty great
user1: Yes I love Terrence Howard’s character 
user1: The cast is pretty good 
user1: Gweneth Paltrow is amazing.  Keeping him in line best she can. 
user2: yeah, for sure. It's so cool to see these comics come alive on screen
user2: yeah, she certainly does try keeping him in line
user1: Yes and it seems it will be never ending!
user1: I love books and comics put on the big screen. Makes it even more real
user2: Do you generally watch movies that have a high rating? or you don't normally pay attention to ratings?
user2: I love that Jon Favreau directed it too.. He is so great
user2: are you still there?

conversation:
user2: Did you watch iron man
user1: No, is it good?
user2: Its the best
user1: Who is in it?
user2: Its where marvel started
user2: Robert downey jr
user1: Is that the one with a bunch of different super heros in it?
user2: Nop
user2: This is just the iron man starring alone
user1: Oh, yes, RDJ. I know of the movie but haven't seen it.
user2: Its where it all began
user2: Its my favorite of all time!
user1: Iron Man or RDJ is your fave?
user2: Tbh i have watched it 6 times now and still haven’t got bored of it
user1: How long does it run? How many hours?
user2: Iron man. But RDJ perfectly suits the character 
user2: 2hrs
user1: Do you stream it or own it on Blu Ray?
user2: Own it obviously.who wouldnt wanna own something that good
user1: LOL. Fair enough. Do you recommend it for all ages?
user2: 13+
user1: Too scary for younger?
user2: There isn’t any blood sheddings that violent 
user2: Marvel if 
user2: Marvel is fair that way*
user1: And for middle aged to elderly - would they like it?
user2: The bullet sounds might scare the young one
user2: I don’t think the others will have any problems 
user1: I may see it. I know they've made several sequels, correct?
user2: Yes
user1: Are they as good as the original?
user2: Infact there is one next month
user2: The thing About marvel is that it gets better every movie
user1: And isn't there one coming up that has all of the super heros in it? A ton of movie stars all in one movie from Superman to The Hulk?
user2: It never fails to excite me every time the logo shows up at the start
user2: Superman is from a completely different universe lol
user2: But yeah that’s infinity war you are talking about 
user1: No, isn't there a movie coming out this year with all of them in it?
user1: Ok
user1: haven't we done 15 each? Isn't this  supposed to move on to a new document for us?
user2: 15 mins
user1: Oh, I thought it said 15 turns for each movie and we'd discuss 4 movies.

conversation:
user1: The superhero movie Iron Man was directed by John Favreau.  Have you seen it?
user2: it is a yes 
user2: i love the super hero theme
user1: Cool.  Me too. I liked Robert Downey Jr as Tony Stark. 
user2: do you agree with the ratings
user1: Oh sure.  Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 94%... metacritic 79 is a little low I think.
user2: yeah it stars a lot of good artistes 
user2: like terrence howard
user2: well Metacritic is still ok i'd say
user2: but  I can't beleive the movie is as old as 10 years now
user1: True.  He is great as Rhodey.  Yes, 79 is still OK.  2008, right?  Does seem a long timem
user2: you see hostage situation in the movie 
user2: i would say it is quite a lifeline there
user2: stark industries seem to be having it good for them actually
user1: Not sure about lifeline precisely, but Yinsen grafting the electromagnet to Starks chest was definitely a life saver LOL... 
user2: I agree, probably he would'nt have made it 
user1: The capture-cave thing was pretty intense... with the whole deal thing and all
user2: yeah and that was where the lifeline came in though
user1: I mean Tony is a genius and all, but he couldn't have done it without Yinsen
user2: true
user1: Of course, it was obvious to them Raza would never keep his word
user2: that is why you ,must have a doctor around LOL
user1: Yeah... LOL.  Of course, once he's back with the new armor. things get really interesting
user2: they knew better I'd say
user2: freedom exchange is not that swift with terrorists i think
user2: well the group got their tails bunt at the end
user1: I love the scene where he lets Rhodey know who he is, during the F22 fighter get thing... Yes, the whole arms trafficking thing is a worldwide issue, in and out of the movie
user2: hmm 
user2: I can only imagine the scene again
user2: an industrialist saving villagers
user1: Jeff Bridges is terrifying to me as Stane... so cold and calculating with the whole betrayal thing
user1: I mean, taking the thing right from the chest of a man he was a friend to... WOW
user2: that  happens sometimes I would say
user2: stane could not cope with stark's powers i guess
user1: Pepper Potts plays a cool part in this film... with the SHIELD agents and all... 
user2: well stark fights stane 
user2: funny one there
user2: the shields and the reactors and likes
user1: Well, ultimately, what Pepper does helps Tony finish him off in the end... but it's wild that tony then owned up to being Iron Man
user2: so to defeat stane the reactor had to be overloaded
user2: thanks for the time dude 
user2: lets do this again tomorrow
user1: Yep... COOL You too

conversation:
user1: Hey how's it going?
user2: pretty good
user1: Have you ever seen the movie Iron Man?
user2: no
user2: not big on movies LOL
user2: but I am definetetly interested in learning about it
user1: It's really worth checking out. It Stars Robert Downey Jr. who's really really energtic in the role of Tony Stark, A.K.A Iron Man.
user2: is tony still acting
user2: seems interesting, ill have to check it out. what kind of movie is it
user1: Basically it's about a genius and inventor (Tony Stark) who creates weapons for the government. What ends up happening is a terrorist group captures him and forces him to make a bomb for them. But he ends up creating a superhero suit, which he calls Iron Man, to escape.
user1: and then he becomes a super hero.
user1: it's an Action movie. Superhero Genre actually, since they basically have their own genre movie now too. But it's basically part comedy as well.
user2: wow, thats pretty cool! was it filmed in hollywood? that place is for creepers and weirdos...my momma always told me to never ever go to california.
user2: how do they make a comedy and action movie together!?!?!? so AMAZING! i will definetely go watch it
user2: who is the bad guy?
user2: that's all im interested in realllllllllly
user1: hahah that's hilarious, and definitely true. . I'm not sure but since it's made by Paramount pictures, I assume it was made in Hollywood. 
user1: and yeah the bad guy is played by Jeff Bridges, do you know him?
user1: He plays a character called Obadiah Stane,  who is actually a close friend of Tony Stark. He ends up betraying him to overtake his company. He also build a giant "Iron Man" like suit, and the two end up having a really awesome brawl. 
user2: well if its made at paramount it probably has tosh.o, I've never heard of jeff bridges actually
user2: how do you know so much about the movie? I cant remember what i put on yesterday... 
user1: Believe it or not it was 1 year before Tosh.0 I believe. Iron Man was made in 2008 :)
user2: man you seem to know more about tv and movies than i do, what am i doing here LOL..sorry if this messes your mturk.. :(
user1: This movie is pretty cool because it starts the "Marvel Universe" basically. They introduce in this movie a group called S.H.I.E.L.D which  has later implications down the line. 
user1: No don't worry haha. I have a document to read off of so i'm just going through the motions here too ;)
user1: Do You know about Rotten Tomatoes? It has a 94% score on there, so the movie really is great and entertaining. 
user1: I know you're not big on movies like you said but I do recommend checking it out when you get the chance. 
user2: the movie seems pretty great! i would liek to watch it but i'd have to guy buy a tv and dvd player to even watch it though but I only make 2 dollars a day on mturk so that probably wont happen ;lol 
user2: i have heard of rotten tomatoes! but not very familiar with it, besides that it reviews movies..i believe
user2: im pretty sure i have seen a movie with downey in it though...hmmm....sherlock holmes!! love it
user1: Yeah they review movies. The higher the score the better. This one has a really impressive score. If you possibly could , it's worth checking out. 
user1: Yes! that's one of his. Downey is really great in that, and in this ass well. 
user2: cool! I will have to see about finding iron man. 
user1: Have you seen any other super hero films?
user2: wasn't too big on marvel either when growing up, i have seen several other super hero movies but cant seem to think of any right now
user1: Understood. This one is a bit different because unlike the traditional "Secret identity" aspect of superheros, like, let's say, Superman, Iron man Publicly declares (at the end) that he's Iron Man to a press conference. 
user1: In my mind that sets it apart from other super hero movies. it's definitely a stand out in the genre. 
user2:  sounds good...I have seen the old superman movies and they were sort of corny, this one seems intersting to say the least. 
user2: do you know any other actors in it>?
user1: Yeah that's what I was talking about about "conventional superhero" troupes. Anyway, I know things are tough but hopefully you get the chance to check it out. Hope all goes well for you. Thank you so much for the conversation!
user2: you said he creates weapons for the government, so is he cia or just someone on the side fighting crime lol
user1: and yes haha, before I go, Terrance Howard, who plays Tony's best friend, and Shaun Toub who helps Tony out when he is captured in the cave. Also Gwyneth Paltrow as Pepper, his assistant/love interest. 
user2: ya no problem, i was just teasing about making 2 bucks a day lol
user1: No he just makes weapons for them. His father was a billionaire and Tony inherits his wealth after he passes. 
user2: ok cool, thanks for the info!!! seems pretty intersesting actually so ill have to find it
user1: Haha i know I kinda got a trolling-joking vibe. it's cool though. Take care anyway.
user2: lolo

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: hello 
user1: Have you seen Iron Man?
user2: I have not what is it about
user1: It's a great marvel movie about Tony Stark becoming a superhero.
user2: who plays in it
user1: Robert Downey Jr. Plays Tony Stark. It got 94% on Rotten Tomatoes. Jeff Bridges is in it as well. He plays the bad guy
user2: oh wow those are good actors. What year was the movie made
user1: It was made in 2008. Also has Gwyneth Paltrow as his personal assistant.
user2: whats your favorite scene of the movie
user1: When Tony First becomes Iron man, after getting struck by one of his own missiles. 
user2: what else happens in the movie
user1: Obadiah, Tony's business partner, turns on him and builds his own Iron Man suit.
user2: who plays his business partner in the movie 
user1: Jeff Bridges.  The movie is directed by Jon Favreau, who also plays Tony's assistant.
user2: is there anything else that happens in the movie
user1: Tony learns that Obadiah has been selling their weapons to terrorists, which starts the rift in their relationship.
user2: how does it end 
user1: Iron Man fights his boss who also is wearing the Iron man prototype suit.
user2: that sounds like an awesome movie I will definitely have to watch it 
user1: It is great. There is a lot going on. 
user2: I would guess that tony stark wins at thee end right 
user1: Yes, right before announcing to the press that he is "Iron Man".
user2: who is your favorite character in the movie
user1: Tony Stark. Robert Downey Jr is such an amazing actor. He plays the role perfectly.
user2: awesome 
user1: Jon Favreau is great, too. 
user2: . how does Gwyneth Paltrow play in the movie i really like her as an actress 
user1: She is not bad.

conversation:
user2: Hii
user1: hey there
user2: how are you? What movie would you comment on today?
user1: The movie is the 2008 film Iron Man which is the first film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU).
user2: Is he the type that comes out in the avengers?
user1: Well, yes the Iron Man character does appear in and is one of the Avengers
user2: aaaah, but I have not seen the individual ironman movies, and how was this movie?
user1: However the original 2008 Iron Man film is great. The character is played by Robert Downey Jr. and in the film he a genius inventor and tech guru who builds a exoskeleton suit that can do amazing things. 
user1: Ultimately like most super hero type films, there is a villain. Iron man gets betrayed by his friend and second in command at his company. The second in command is payed by Jeff Bridges who goes by the name of Obadiah Stane. Obadiah eventually builds a giant exosuit to fight against Iron Man and thus you have a battle on your hands. 
user1: The film was given great reviews. Rotten Tomatoes had it at 94% 
user1: If you are into special effects, this one will keep you well entertained.

conversation:
user2: what would you rate this movie 1-10. 10 besing best 1 being bad
user1: 8
user2: Do you think Robert Downey Jr. was a good selection for Iron Man?
user1: yes dont think there was a better choice 
user2: When you see Robert Downey Jr.in other movies does he make you think "Iron Man".
user1: did you think terrence howard was good selection to play james rhodes?
user2: Based on the origanl comics i think he was a bad selection.
user1: did you think director jon flaveau did a good job on the movie?
user2: He did an excellent Job. 
user2: When you see Robert Downey Jr.in other movies does he make you think "Iron Man"
user1: yes cause of his attitude he shows in all of his other movies  
user1: did you think gwyneth paltrow played a good pepper potts compare to the comics?
user2: Di you ever watch the second Iron Man Movie?
user1: yes 
user2: Yes, i Think she was a good selection.
user2: Which one was your favorite?
user1: i would say iron man 1,3 then 2 
user1: how would you rate iron man 1 to the rest of them ?
user2: Mine goes 3,1, 2
user2: I would rate 1 as the second best.
user1: would you say iron man 1 was a bit short, like i felt the story was being pushed out to quick
user2: Do you think Stark industies is an evil company for producing WOMD?
user1: yes 
user2: I think they should have gave more back story at the beggining.
user2: Do you think he redeemed himself by doing good task?
user1: would you agree on the rotten tomatoes rating ?
user2: Yes i agree with the rotten tomatoe score
user2: Maybe even slightly higher. Like 2%
user1: yea cause it really wasnt him that was doing the evil deeds.
user1: before the movie came out did you know the background of ironman 
user1: ?
user2: In the movie Tony stark does not appear to be smart, do you think they should have made him appear more educated?
user2: No i Did not know the background before the movie. 
user1: well no due to him being self confidence he didnt need to show how smart he was.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi there
user2: So how was the movie
user1: Have you seen the movie Iron Man?
user1: I thought it was great
user2: yes that is a good movie
user2: I liked it
user1: Are you fan of the Marvel movies?
user1: and/or comics
user2: I am honestly not a big movie fan but I happened to see iron man
user2: havent seen many of the marvel movies
user1: I find some are good, some are a bit boring
user1: but I liked this one
user1: Tony Stark was great
user2: I see, did you see the black panther?
user1: No
user1: did you?
user2: me neither
user1: The reviews for that one are great too
user2: Maybe I will though when it comes out on disc 
user1: Yeah, that's prob what I would do as well
user2: don't go to the movies too often
user1: In these movies, they do get to play with a lot of fun toys
user1: We usually get our movies at the libraryt
user2: /This is true, did they do a sequel to iron man
user1: then if we like them, we buy them
user1: multiple sequels
user2: I see, i think I only saw the first one
user1: it was the best
user2: I may have to check out the sequels.
user1: prob the only one I would buy
user2: The library idea is a good one too
user1: Our library is great
user1: ttyl
user2: I will have to check mine out and see if they have movies there
user2: ttyl

conversation:
user1: What do you think about the 2008 movie Iron Man?
user2: I think it was really solid super hero movie that opened itself up to the Marvel Universe. A good start to the Iron Man trilogy, as well. 
user2: Did you enjoy it? what were your favorite parts?
user1: I think that Robert Downey Jr. was a solid choice for the main character. 
user1: My favorite part of the movie was when he was designing the original prototype suit. 
user1: What are your thoughts on the CG used in the movie?
user2: He's an excellent actor. Very funny but able to portray emotions well. Yes, the initial iron man suit was really cool. The CGI was really something. I could barely tell where the CGI began and the practical effects ended. 
user2: What did you think about Tony Stark's love interest, Pepper Potts? 
user1: I feel that Gwyneth Paltrow was a good choice to play her. She has a lot of versatility in the role as she shifts between professional assistant to fiery love interest. 
user1: What are your thoughts on the character Yinsen?
user2: I agree. Yin Sen was a really interesting character that brought humanity next to Stark's super genius. I also really liked Jeff Bridges's villain. I barely recognized him. 
user1: I think he served as a means of contrasting against Tony Starke. The idealistic rich billionaire who happens to sell weapons, and the conniving greedy villain who sells weapons to both sides. 
user1: Do you think Terrence Howard served as a good James Rhodes?
user2: I do think so. Much like Yin Sen contrasts Tony Stark, so does James Rhodes, but this time in terms of level-headness and reason. 
user2: Do you think that Stark should feel responsible for who he sells weapons to? Is he a bad person at the beginning of the film?
user1: I think he lacks awareness, preferring to be more of a playboy billionaire. If he's bad, it's only because he's unaware of what Obadiah is doing. 
user1: What were your thoughts on the "jericho" missile?
user2: Visually impressive and awesome. Not to fall into the wrong hands however. 
user2: What did you think about the agent's of SHIELD's entry into the movie?
user2: Did it seem natural?
user1: Definitely not. Do you think that Rhodes became an important part of the plotline when he stopped the F-22 fighter jets from attacking Ironman?
user1: I don't know about that, but I think that Agent Phil has always been one of the coolest characters in the movie series. 
user2: I think it showed that he was a trustworthy character. The F-22s brought the movie into the real world and real worl dmilitary. 
user2: Phil is one of my favorite characters to. The agents of SHIELD seem to hold together the Marvel universe. 
user1: I think Obadiah's attempt on Tony's life was one of the most convoluted assassination attempts that has ever been done by a villain. 
user1: Iron Man is one of the first superheroes to not adopt a secret identity. What do you think of that?
user2: You're right, it was a bit too complicated, but did let the movie have a bit of intrigue. The part where Stark replaces his own arc reactor is pretty gross. 
user2: What did you think about the ending where he says, "I am Iron Man"
user2: ?
user1: I think that he didn't think it was that much of a leap. He's already a mechanical genius, what is the difference to a mechanical genius superhero?
user2: Right, because he is already a famous billionaire. The step from playboy to superhero isn't as big as the leap from unknown kid in New York to Spiderman. 
user2: Is he arrogant for thinking his loved ones aren't in danger for him revealing his identity, though?
user1: Depends. They may already be in danger due to him being high profile already. It is likely he would have been a target anyways for knowing how to make advanced weapons. 

conversation:
user1: Hello How are you today?
user2: I'm fine how are you 
user1: Doing pretty good.
user2: Have you seen ironman  before
user1: Absolutely. In fact, it's the only super hero movie I liked. How about yourself?
user2: I enjoyed it is pretty amazing 
user1: I think the critics score where too low. 
user1: The movie hshould of at least gotten a 9 out of 10
user1: *should
user2: Rotten  tomatoes gave it a 94 it could have been a 100
user2: Do you like the actor robert  Downey Jr
user1: I'm going to be honest with you. I didn't even know who he was until Iron man. I think he was a perfect fit for the character.
user1: He has a personality about him that screams Tony Stark.
user1: I cant say I could picture anyone else in the role.
user2: I knew about him before ironman  lol ...He screams genius, billionaire playboy  lol
user1: I was pretty impressed with his actiong, he brought the character to life
user1: In fact I got a whole new found respect for the super hero.
user1: How did you like the story?
user2: I liked the plot of the movie ...do you agree with the comment "gwyneth  paltrow  widening her eyes and palpitating  can't do much as starks  girl friday"
user1: Not really, I think she did a decent job as Potts.
user1: She added to the humor a lot actually.
user2: I was surprised  she was kinda good
user1: Really? You don't think she's a good actor or what?
user2: She's a decent actor lol 
user1: Terrance Howard was annoying
user2: So what do you think about S.H.I.E.L.X
user1: but I think it's because i really don't like the actor
user2: Terrace Howard was running around following ironman  a lot lol 
user1: The Sheild angle of the story was pretty good in my opinion. It fit better in the iron man movies better than the other avenger films.
user1: Here it didn't feel forced.
user2: So true they even have their own tv  show 
user2: Do you think Tony stark was right about coming out as ironmaster
user2: *ironmaster
user2: *IRONMAN  lol
user1: Lol
user1: I liked that he didn't want to hide behind a secret identity. 
user1: It's not what the character would do
user1: Stark sees secret identities as pointless. So I'm glad they kept that part of his character in the movie.
user2: Do you follow the marvel movies
user2: So true I agree
user1: I used to but they really lost their luster. I do watch the ones with Iron man in them
user1: the others I just avoid.
user1: Hey what did you think about the main villan in this film?
user2: He was a pretty cool villain too bad he got electrocuted  lol
user1: lol yeah it was interesting.
user2: Is that's the end of the document 
user1: Ok I'll let ya go. Thanks for the chat!
user2: Thank you too 
user1: Have a good one
user2: You too anonymous  person lol

conversation:
user1: Hello, I'm not normally a huge fan of superhero movies, but this one was pretty good. 4
user2: I have watched this movie more than 3 times
user2: I like it 
user1: I've only seen it once but I thoroughly enjoyed it, probably just because I think Robert Downey Junior is hot :p
user2: My favorite part is when Jeff Bridges built the exosuit to fight Stark
user1: I liked all of the special effects, I wasn't too fond of the pepper potts character, very shallow. What do you think of her?
user2: Who's your favorite Marvel's character?
user2: She was great. 
user1: I dont have one, I'm pretty indifferent to superhero movies / comics. What's yours?
user2: My favorite character is Spider Man 
user2: And the Black Panther 
user1: Oh, I saw that new spiderman film it was pretty good. this ironman film is better though haha
user2: Right! Did you know that this movie was the first film the Marvel Cinematic Universe? 
user1: No I had no idea, pretty cool huh. 
user1: It's pretty ironic how Stark got hurt by one of his own weapons, think it was karma?

conversation:
user1: Hello
user1: Did you watch an Iron Man movie?
user2: Hello, yes for sure. I like super heroes. 
user2: Do you like Marvel Comics characters?
user1: Yes, I do.
user1: Comics are my favorite genre.
user2: Robert Downey Jr is for sure the right guy to be Tonny Stark. He has some hilarious scenes, don't you think?
user1: Yes, I think so as well. A very good pick for an Iron Man.
user2: He plays very well the role of industrialist and master engineer.
user1: Agree
user1: Do you agree with some critics  who mentioned that that the movie was" expensively entertaining special effects extravaganza" .
user2: Normally I don't consider movie critics, and in this case when you want to see Iron Man this is exactly what you are looking for right? For me the movie is exactly what the fans like.
user1: We definitely can agree on that.
user1: Did you know that this was the first film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
user2: No I didn't. The initial of the history is very interesting as Tony trying to make business in Afghanistan, right?
user1: Right.
user1: Do you know anything about the director of the movie Jon Favreau?
user1: I have never heard about him before.
user1: Prior to this movie.
user2: Not really. But he did a tremendous job. Stark's scene on the cave captured by the terrorism group is real breathtaking.
user1: Yes that is for sure. Movie is great.
user1: How do you like actress Gwyneth Paltrow in the movie?
user2: She is really nice. She played very well the role of assistant and also falling in love for Tony.
user1:  Yes, she is a good actress and her presence made the movie better.
user1: In my own opinion.
user2: When Iron Man flies to Afghanistan to save the village it is also an amazing scene.
user1: Yes, Ireally liked that one.
user1: I also like that Favreau does not go in for stylized comic-book frames, at least for the first half.
user2: I agree. And I like a lot when SHIELD agents come to the scene. Don't you?
user1: Yes, futuristic scene!
user1: So you think you would watch it again or share it with your friends?
user2: Yes for sure. This is the kind of movie I can see multiple times.
user1: Yes, but I think that the average 7.7/10 raitings could have been better.
user2: For sure yes. When Stark and Stane have the last fight it is amazing.
user1: Yes, that when everybody know that this is the end of the road.
user2: And it is really difficult to imagine how Iron Man could win with such disadvantage.
user1: Yes and no.
user2: We knew he would win but how.
user1: Let me tell you this
user1: I like that fact that Iron Man built his own exoskeleton, which made him the technologically advanced super hero.
user1: Maybe that played a big role in it.
user2: For sure. 
user2: Thanks a lot for chatting on this movie. 
user1: You are welcome
user1: Thank you as well.

conversation:
user2: Hi there
user1: hello
user1: the movie is iron man
user2: Sweet!
user2: What did you like about the movie?
user1: i really like the special effects
user1: i am also a huge robert downey jr fan
user2: Me too. It's a unique super hero movie in that the hero is actaully quite intelligent
