wiki document:
cast:
Leonardo DiCaprio as Jay Gatsby, a famous billionaire who hosts wild parties at his house in the hope that Daisy will show up.
Tobey Maguire as Nick Carraway, a would-be writer who is also Gatsby s neighbor and friend. He is the narrator of this movie.
Carey Mulligan as Daisy Buchanan, Gatsby s former lover and Tom s wife.
Emily Foreman as Pamela "Pammy" Buchanan
Joel Edgerton as Tom Buchanan, Upper class socialite who hates Gatsby because of his new money status and relationship with Daisy

critical response:
intractably wrong with the film is that there's no reality to heighten; it's a spectacle in search of a soul.
less a conventional movie adaptation than a splashy, trashy opera, a wayward, lavishly theatrical celebration of the emotional and material extravagance that Fitzgerald surveyed with fascinated ambivalence
the best way to enjoy the film is to put aside whatever literary agenda you are tempted to bring with you.
 the stand-out actor is Joel Edgerton as Tom Buchanan doing an excellent job of showing the character s gruffness, despite the one-dimensionality given to him

director:
Baz Luhrmann

genre:
Romantic, Drama

introduction:
The Great Gatsby is a 2013 period romantic drama film based on F. Scott Fitzgerald's 1925 novel of the same name. The film was co-written and directed by Baz Luhrmann and stars Leonardo DiCaprio as the eponymous Jay Gatsby, with Tobey Maguire, Carey Mulligan, Joel Edgerton, Isla Fisher and Elizabeth Debicki.[5] Production began in 2011 and took place in Australia, with a $190 million budget. The film follows the life and times of millionaire Jay Gatsby and his neighbor Nick Carraway (Tobey Maguire), who recounts his encounter with Gatsby at the height of the Roaring Twenties in New York state.

movie name:
The Great Gatsby

rating:
Rotten Tomatoes: 48% and average: 5.8/10
Metacritic Score: 55/100
CinemaScore: B

year:
2013

description:
In 1931, Nick Carraway, a World War I veteran, is receiving treatment for alcoholism at a psychiatric hospital. He talks about Jay Gatsby, the most hopeful man he had ever met. Nick's doctor suggests that he writes his thoughts down, since writing is Nick's passion. In the summer of 1922, Nick moves from the Midwest to New York after abandoning writing. He rents a small house in the North Shore village of West Egg, next to the mansion of Gatsby, a mysterious business magnate who often holds extravagant parties. One day, while Nick has dinner with his cousin, Daisy Buchanan, and her husband, Tom, he is introduced to Jordan Baker by Daisy, who hopes to make a match between them. When Nick returns home, he sees Gatsby standing on the dock, reaching towards the green light coming from the Buchanan dock. 
At the Plaza, Gatsby tells Tom of his affair with Daisy. Tom accuses Gatsby of having never attended Oxford and having made his fortune through bootlegging with mobsters. Daisy says she loves Gatsby but cannot bring herself to say she never loved Tom. Eventually, both Gatsby and Daisy leave. After fighting with George over her infidelity, Myrtle runs into the street and is fatally struck by Gatsby's car after mistaking it for Tom's. After learning about Myrtle's death, Tom tells George that the car belongs to Gatsby and that he suspects Gatsby was Myrtle's lover. Nick deduces Daisy was the driver, though Gatsby intends to take the blame. Nick overhears Daisy accepting Tom's promise to take care of everything, but he does not tell Gatsby. Gatsby admits to Nick that he was born penniless; his real name is James Gatz, and he had asked Daisy to wait for him until he had made something of himself. 
The next day, Gatsby hears the phone ringing and thinks it's Daisy. Before he can answer it, he is shot and killed by George, who then commits suicide. Nick is the only person other than reporters to attend Gatsby's funeral, as Daisy and Tom are leaving New York. The media paints Gatsby as Myrtle's lover and killer. Disgusted with both the city and its inhabitants, Nick leaves after taking a final walk through Gatsby's deserted mansion and reflecting on Gatsby's ability to hope. In the sanatorium, Nick finishes typing his memoir, titling it The Great Gatsby. 

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: Hi
user1: Would you like a movie recommendation?
user2: Sure, which film is it?
user1: Have you seen The Great Gatsby the one from 2013?
user2: Ohh that movie, no I haven't yet
user2: I'm actually not even too familiar with the original
user1: it has lenardo dicaprio as jay gatsby.
user1: It is a period romantic drama based on the book by f scott fitzgerald.
user1: older book from 1925 but a well known one.
user2: Oh ok yes I've heard of it, so i figure it's CasaBlanca-ish?
user1: No, not at all.
user1: Well ..not really.
user1: It is todl through thte yes of nick carraway, in this film toby maguire.
user1: He meets jay gatsby while living next door and gets introduced to the party world of the roaring 20s in new york state.
user2: I guess I'm not really too familiar with Fitzgerald stuff, Oh ok so during the Capone era, I'm interested in that era
user1: I think you would like it then.
user1: But the book is genreally heldinmuch higher regard.
user1: This movie did not do to well with the critics.
user1: Only 48% from rotten tomatoes.. 
user1: are you doing something else?
user2: No i'm just terrible at typing
user2: I dont think id want to watch this movie
user1: 3 minutes is toolong and to be honest a little rude.
user1: It is more of a spectacle to behold.
user2: 5 minutes is too long
user1: The director baz luhrmann is kind of know for that.
user2: 3 is 2 minutes less than too long
user1: it is still rude
user1: and makes me think you are doing another turk or something else
user1: just saying
user2: Anyways sounds like a trash movie
user1: lol
user1: well if you watch it than you can know for sure one way or another.
user1: I actually did like it.
user1: But I enjoy the actors in it and liked the showy dance numbers.
user2: Maybe since Decapro is a genius id watch it sometime
user1: They had a budget of like 190 million and it shows, I think. 
user1: He is a phenomenal actor.
user2: Huge bugdet did it make it back lol?
user1: Joel edgerton gto a lot of praise form critic for his perfomance as well
user1: I am not sure..
user2: Is there any gun fights in it
user1: Gatsby is a millionaire so has to be lavish sets etc
user1: Ummm not really but there is a death or two.
user1: Actually there is a shooting
user2: Whos the actor that decaprio falls in love with
user1: Carey mulligan/daisy
user1: She is his pats lover and tom's wife- joel edgerton
user1: also nick's cousin.
user1: It is worth a watch but the book you may want to read first.
user1: I always prefer to read the book first.
user2: What else does fitzgerald write?
user1: The critics also advise to put aside any literary agenda to best enjoy the movie.
user1: A bunch but can't get into that on here.
user2: Aww, I see, ok. maybe ill catch it sometime on the flix when im bored af lol
user1: Well I know you don't hold it in high regard but for leo you should give it a view.
user1: cool
user1: Have a nice day
user1: bye
user2: Thanks, you as well. bye]

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: Hi there, what were you opinions?
user1: I have one great movie to recommend 
user2: Lay it on me, buddy
user1: Did you watch The Great Gatsby
user2: The adaptation starring Leonardo DiCaprio? I did indeed, it was enrapturing!
user1: It is based on novel from 1925
user1: Leonardo did some stunning acting 
user2: Written by F Scott Fitzgerald? Indeed, truly the great American novel
user1: I think this movie was the best in 2013 
user1: great production and the vintage costumes were magnificent 
user2: Without a doubt in my mind, Tobey Maguire as Nick Carraway was a casting masterstroke in my mind
user2: The costume design definitely invoked the nouveau riche ideals which were central themes in the source material
user1: this movie entered the Classics 
user2: Not only that, but Baz Lurhmann's direction was a magnificent sight to behold
user1: Baz Luhrmann put a lot of drama and tension moments and combine it with romance  
user2: Indeed, I also seem to remember the film picking up a wide amount of critical acclaim, and several award nominations for the efforts behind it
user1: yes it was very strange that R.T gave only 48% rating
user2: Perhaps, but I also seem to remember some of the more positive responses to the film, responses more in line with my own.
user1: And the budget was 190 mil. $
user2: I can definitely see where the money was placed, and for me it was all money well spent, as Baz Lurhmann seemed to have such a clear idea of the kind of film he wanted to craft.
user1: Emily Foreman as Pammy  did very good job i like it very much
user2: Absolutely, another character that Fitzgerald managed to make leap of the page, doing much the same in the film version.
user1: Did you liked the car,the white limousine 
user2: Absolutely, a style icon of the 1920s brought to life with startling vivacity, just one of the many set dressings that this film got entirely correct.
user1: It was filmed in Australia 
user1: Production started 2011
user2: I think 2 years was time well spent to craft such a rich and vivid film, absolutely awe-inspiring!
user1: yes indeed 
user1: and a lot of champagne ,and classy moves  
user1: Did you left ?
user2: No, still here, just contemplating the character of Gatsby
user1: New York in that time was amazing city ,full with class 
user2: Indeed, but perhaps Gatsby himself reminds us that shallow shows of wealth are no compensation for human misery
user2: Its interesting how such a richly written character can also work as an allegory in that way
user1: I think finish button is open ,we can now finish the conversation .Bye

conversation:
user1: Hello, Goodafternoon
user2: Hi there like wise
user2: The title of the film is The Great Getsby
user1: Today we are gonna talk about The Great Gatsby/
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: It was published in 2013.
user2: Surprisingly I think I heard of it but never seen it. You?
user1: yea already been 5 years.
user1: I read the book and watched it.
user1: Do you know who plays Gatsby?
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio
user2: Did you like it?
user1: It had its moments for me.
user2: This is a romance drama film
user1: Some parts where to fantasy for me.
user2: Really?
user1: I do like how grand the parties were that Gatsby would throw.
user1: Yes there was a lot slowing down and obvious green screen to me.
user1: It did get a 48% on rotten tomatoes.
user2: Well in scene 1 Nick Carraway who is a WW1 veteran begins talking about Jay Gatsby.
user2: How hopeful he had been.
user1: Yea I remember that.
user1: Overall I think the movie was good, I just couldn't stand Daisy.
user2: Nick moves to New York and sees Gatsby.
user1: Daisy was Gatsby love interest.
user2: Really?
user1: Yes a very wealthy girl, who Gatsby trys to impress
user2: Gatsby tells Tom of his affair with Daisy.
user2: Tom is her husband.
user1: Yes, he does. Tom didn't seem to bothered though.
user1: He was allowed to have his affairs.
user2: Gatsby was killed in scene 3.
user1: You should watch it if you have time :)
user1: Yes, a gun shot.

conversation:
user1: helllo lets talk about the great gatsby 2013 edition
user2: Hello. Can you tell me the plot?
user1: Its based upon the 1925 novel by f. scott fitzgerald 
user2: Who plays Gatsby?
user1: Leonardo Dicaprio Playes gatsby
user2: I like him. Who plays Daisy?
user1: it was carey mulligan 
user2: What would you rate the movie?
user1: I would say its a less conventional theatrical celebration of the emotional and material extravagance that fitzgerald surveyed with fascinated abivalence
user2: Should I watch it?
user1: I don't know but did you know tobey maguire who played nick carraway was also the narrator of the movie?
user2: I did not know that. 
user1: do you like other movies with leonardo dicaprio in it mabee if you do you will like this one
user2: Yes, I love Leonardo Dicaprio. He's a great actor
user1: it gets a cinema score of b  and gives a good picture of the roaring  twenties in new york state
user2: Is it similar to the book?
user1: You know i dont know how similar to the book it is i never read it but perhaps you could find that info online
user2: I read the book in high school. I'll check online.
user1: if you do watch the movie i found the stand out actor is joel edgerton as he was very good and showing the grufness of the character he played joel edgerton
user2: I like Joel Edgerton.
user1: and he really does a great job despite the one dimensionality given to his role
user2: He's a great actor.
user1: i didn't like the sean when gatsby got shot before he could answer the phone it was sad
user2: I remember that scene from the book. Daisy didn't seem to really love him.
user1: and he thought it was daisy calling him but never got the chance to find out because george shot him then commited suicide and the media planted gatsby as myrtles lover and killer
user2: That is sad.
user1: mabee the sadness of the whole movie is what caused the metaccritic score to only be 55/100
user2: That's true. I'll look through them before I watch it. 
user1: the scene where nick finishes typing his memoir and titles it the great gatsby after his final walkthrew of gatsby's mansion i really liked and disliked as it brings a sense of the emptiness we all leave behind when we pass on
user2: That is very sad. Well I think I'll watch it tomorrow.

conversation:
user1: Hi
user1: whats the name of the movie
user2: The Great Gatsby
user1: who stars in rhis film ?
user2: I'm reading the info now.
user1: awesome 
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio, Tobey Maguire, and Carey Mulligan
user1: what is it about
user2: DiCaprio plays billionaire Jay Gatsby.  Gatsby has lots of wild parties.  He's madly in love with Daisy Bucahanan (Mulligan's character).
user1: nice who directs  the film
user2: Baz Luhrmann
user1: is there a soundtrack for this film
user2: The info I have doesn't mention a soundtrack.
user2: The movie is set during the Roaring Twenties.
user1: K,  does it say what year the movie was released
user2: 2013
user2: The film is set in New York.
user1: what are your thoughts on this film does it seem like it be a good one
user2: I would think so, although it got some really negative reviews.  Rotten Tomatoes: 48% and average 5.8/10
user1: wow
user1: i think i might check it out reguardless. never know might be entertaining
user2: I loved the book, so I'd probably like the film.  
user2: Do you like DiCaprio?
user1: usually the movies are better than the book
user1: yea i do
user1: i like Titanic and Catch me if you can
user2: I loved both of those.
user2: I just got another page with more info...
user1: awesome i id like to hear it
user1: Does it list any other major stars in the movie
user2: Wow...They gave spoilers with no warning...the movie has a dramatic ending.  
user1: realy whats the drama
user2: Other stars are Emily Foreman and Joel Edgerton.
user2: Part of the story has to do with Tom Buchanan's (character played by Edgerton)  hatred for Gatsby.
user2: Buchanan hates Gatsby because Gatsby is "new money."

conversation:
user2: hello
user2: how are you
user1: good
user1: how are you
user1: good
user1: do you like movies about drama?
user2: yes i like movie
user2: which movie we will discussed?
user1: the great gatsby
user1: Do you like movies with hig ratings?/
user2: yes
user1: try watching
user2: yes
user2:  which movie would be discussed today?
user2: hello
user2:  i am waiting>

conversation:
user2: Hi
user2: You seen this movie before?
user1: Once a long time ago!
user1: Who is in it?
user2: Same. Leonardo dicaprio pulls off jay really well
user2: but i think its kind of a bland film tbh
user2: what do you think?
user1: I love him!
user1: It's bland?
user1: I remember it being pretty good!
user1: He's such a great actor too
user1: what's the movie about?
user2: he really is a great actor
user2: its about a rich guy with rich guy problems
user2: i cant relate haha
user1: hahahah oh when did it come out?
user2: 2013. how was it rated?
user1: I think it received a 48% on rotton tomatoes and average 5.8/10
user1: that's not very good!
user2: ouch for the director
user1: The director was Baz Luhrmann
user1: DOn't know him
user2: nearly 200 million dollar budget for 5.8/10
user2: smh
user2: think you'd watch it again?
user1: damn, they probably didn't make much money in the theatre
user1: maybe... I don't remember it much
user1: only for leonardo decaprio
user1: have you seen the book?
user1: it's about Jay Gatsby
user2: no. we did it a school years ago but i pretended i read it
user2: no kid wants to read a romantic drama book
user2: have you read the book?
user2: i'd love to go to a big gatsby party
user2: it'd be so fun
user2: still there?
user1: hi
user1: here
user1: im sorry
user1: I like romantic drama
user1: however, this movie seemed more drama
user1: It was also very fantasized
user1: Who was Daisy again?
user1: Was that the girl he was in love with?
user2: very true
user2: daisy was his friend gf i think
user2: im not so sure
user2: seems more like wanting what he cant have than love
user1: Yeah, i agree
user1: it's from scott fitzgerland's novel
user1: didn't know he was the author
user1: 1925 novel
user2: do you remember who pamela is?

conversation:
user1: Hello
user1: have you ever seen this movie
user2: hello
user2: I don't think that I have
user2: have you?
user1: No. i vaguely remember a book tho like from school time?
user2: I do too!!
user1: I thought it was a movie back then, so maybe this is a remake of that
user2: I think so too because I saw 2013 and was like ummmm I thought it was older than that. 
user2: I do like Leonardo DiCaprio though, so I should watch it!
user1: oh yeah, i see them mention the book in the document which is really old
user1: He sure is in a lot of movies
user2: ya he is!
user1: i definitely would check this movie out. I think i recalled that i liked the book- but wow that was like 20 years ago lol
user2: hahaha not nearly 20 for me but close!!!
user2: it doesn't have a very good rating with rotten tomatoes
user1: sort of low rating scores tho
user2: theyre kinda tough though!
user2: very
user1: yeah i was just checking that out- maybe it's not that good
user1: yes that is true they are very hard on their ratings
user2: maybe not. I'd still check it out though. 
user2: The story seems interesting.
user1: i dont know any of the other casts, i dont think
user2: Tobey Maguire plays Spiderman I think
user1: id definitely be willing to check it out.  the name is a classic.
user1: oh okay i would know that character then
user2: I wonder if it's on Netflix
user1: i was just thinking that too
user1: i would watch it for sure if it was there
user1: i have prime too so i could chk there too.  we can also find trailer online too
user2: me too! I"m gonna have to check it out once I get off of here. 
user2: oooh yes, me too!
user2: thats a good idea!
user1: i love finding new movies to see

conversation:
user2: hello do you like The Great Gatsby
user1: it looks like a good movie. 
user1: do you like it 
user2: I love it 
user1: ill deff have to check it out,
user1: what was your favorite part
user2: When  Leonardo DiCaprio's  character, Jay Gatsby is meeting Carey Maguires  Character  Daisy Buchanan For the first time in a long time. 
user1: oh cool, sounds like an interesting movie based on the document
user2: Its based on the book written by F Scott Fitzgerald. He wrote it in 1925.  
user1: Ive almost watched it a few times, i will have to now. looks great.
user1: do you usually like those types of movies
user2: Yes I do do you
user1: yes, I enjoy romance movies,but i see its a romance drama, it looks great though and I like leonardo diccaprio also.
user2: even though its written in 1925  its set in 1931, Nick Caraway who is played by Tobey Maguire moves in beside Jay Gatsby. He is Daisy's Cousin.    
user1: interesting. 
user2: actually It begins in 1931 its based in 1922 sorry for the misinformation 
user1: i like toby mcguire i saw hes in it too
user2: Yes he plays Nick Caraway
user1: The key scenes looks interesting also, where nick is a war vet and in a physc hospital. 
user2: Yes 
user1: was there any part of the movie you didnt like. 
user2: I actually liked the whole movie. It shows you how they lived back then but with a contemerary twist to it. 
user2: do you have any questions about the movie that I could answer
user1: Do you know the rating? 
user2: Rotten tomatoes 48% and an average of 5.8 / 10 
user2: Metacritic score is 55/100 
user2: The cinema score is a B
user1: oh those are decent scores. 
user1: Where is the movie based? 
user2: In New York State 
user1: nice. 
user1: what other poeple are in the movie besides toby and leo
user2: Joel Edgerton  plays Tom Buchanan
user2: and Carey Mulligan plays Daisy

conversation:
user2: Hi there
user1: hey there
user1: what did you think about gatsby 
user2: I have not seen this movie, but I like Leo DeCaprio.
user1: I personally loved the book and the movie was pretty good. 
user1: its good
user1: leo was great 
user2: I've read the book, a long time ago, and forgot about most it hah.
user2: Was it better tahn the Rotten Tomatoes score
user1: yeah I think it was better than average but not as good as it was hyped
user2: Cool. How was Tobey Maguire?
user1: I feel that it was highly anticipated and not as good as expected 
user1: he was great i loved the cast 
user1: and the costumes where so spot on 
user1: hello you there?
user2: Yup, sorry.
user1: Okay 
user2: It it accurate to the book?
user1: yeah its hard to put a whole book in a movie but in the time they had it was good 
user1: and it was super trippy 
user1: visually stunning 
user1: Im gonna head out now 
user1: have a great day 
user2: I'm pretty sure we have to keep going?
user2: Though if you want to leave..
user2: Sorry
user2: As someone who enjoys historical drama, do you think I would like it?
user1: ohhh I was under the understanding that we had to message eachother at least 15 times
user2: WAit until the finish conversation thing lights up. Might be a while longer
user2: I've done a few movie chats.
user1: probably not its really whimsical the movie 
user1: ohhh okay thanks this is my first one
user2: no problem
user1: do you think you will see it 
user2: Wow, no3 just gave a major spoiler!
user1: yeah right 
user2: I think I might. 
user2: Have to watch without kids probably hah
user1: you can probably rent it on youtube
user2: Oh yea
user2: I remember the cover, reminds me of him from wolf of wall street
user2: Though I honestly think I might like Gatsby better. I think I read it in high school
user2: What was your favorite part so far in the document?
user1: i think the 2nd part

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: hello what uo
user2: Just saw the great gatsby
user2: good 2013 romantic drama
user1: yep i have seen it too, the director was Baz Luhurmann right?
user2: yes
user2: did you like it?
user2: not great rotten tomatoes score
user1: despite it has a 5.8/10 i tried it
user2: only 48%
user2: what did you think
user1: i did not like at all, i do not like Leonardo di Caprio hahaha
user2: haha
user2: and you don't like tobey maguire either then?
user2: he played nick carraway
user1: besides that i prefer watch contemporary movies and it is from the 1925s
user2: it was made in 2013!
user1: yeah i prefer the performance of tobey and emily foreman
user2: oh but it takes place in the 1920s and 1930sright
user2: Nick Carraway is a WWI veteran
user1: yeah, he was an alcoholic man
user2: how would you describe Gatsby
user1: as a famous billionaire who host wild parties at his house 
user2: do you think he was in love with  Daisy
user2: he had an affair with her right?
user1: yeah of course, she was his target 
user1: sure, because she was toms wife
user1: did you know where did gatsby tell tom about it?
user2: at the Plaza!
user2: and then tom says, you never even attended Oxford!
user2: it's a crazy scene but I liked the drama of it
user1: she never loved tom, so sad!!!
user2: haha
user2: and then he's killed by george
user2: more like The Tragic Gatsby!!
user1: yea just drama, nobody attend gatsbys funeral, just Nick
user2: that's what happens when you're just rich
user2: he isolated himself
user1: thats right, rich but poor in soul
user2: wel said 
user2: I like that
user2: didn't realize the movie is essentially his "memoirs"
user1: well after all the movie is not that bad haahaha, but it was too drama for me
user2: haha
user2: well said
user2: did you like Nick as a character?
user1: its a conventional movie with theatrical celebration of the emotional extravagance that Fitzgerald surveyed
user2: yeah but what about nick?
user1: yeah, i liked his character as the narrator

conversation:
user2: Have you seen the movie, The Great Gatsby with Leo DiCaprio?
user1: yeah of course
user1: do you like it?
user1: i am very big fan of tobey maguire
user2: You know, it's based on a book and I have to say that I really really hated it
user1: yep very dramatic drama tight?
user2: Baz Luhrmann directed it but its not my cup of tea. Its the first time i remember seeing Joel Edgerton in a movie, he's terrific.
user2: I think the performances are 'fine' and I like that it's a period piece from 1920s. The costumes are wonderful.
user1: i heard the movie was filmed in Australia right?
user1: if i am not wrong this movie was released in 2013, 5 years ago
user2: Kind of a weird adaptation. I didn't know ti was filmed in Austrailia. Kind of odd since its such an American Story. I bet it had a huge budget. 
user2: Do you know what the budget was?
user1: yeah i think the movie was made with a $190 million budget, a looooot of money!!
user2: good night! Who played Daisy? I don't remember.
user1: i thing Daisy was played by Carey Mulligan
user2: I don't think the movie was very well received, if I recall correctly.
user1: oh really i do not remember...
user2: Like I don't think critics liked it much. 
user2: How did it do on Rotten Tomatoes?
user1: well i did not like it so much.. if it counts jajajaja ...
user1: i think it got 48%
user1: so low
user2: That seems low! You would think that movies about rich people would invite people to go see it just for the escapist aspect. They kind of have rich people problems about parties and such. 
user1: and 5.8/10 so people do not like it at all
user2: Yeah ! so Im not alone in not liking it. I could watch Leo read the phone book but it didnt grab me. 
user1: yea, gatsby was a millionarie who likes host parties
user1: just to get daisys heart
user2: I don't remember too much of the story in the movie but I think it follows the book pretty closely and Nick is the narrarator. 
user2: Yeah there seems to have been a lot of parties in that movie
user2: No wonder it cost 190 million to make. 
user1: yeah , do you remember Nick? he was a veteran with alcoholism
user2: Yeah! I guess WW1 vet who is a writer which makes sense that he would be the narrator. 
user2: I don't know , I dont usually like this genre anyway - Romantic Drama. Too silly for me. 
user1: do you think tom knows about her wife;s affair?
user1: yeah I hate romantics movies, too boring for me.
user2: Oh, he knows. I think that's why he hates Gatsby. 
user1: oh i remember, he told tom at the Plaza
user2: Romantic Dramas are too slow and unrealistic . And Romantic. Cheesey,
user2: The whole movie is just a big spectacle without much else going on . It's a shame they missed the whole point of Fitgerald's book. 
user1: yeah always the same story, the girl is in love of the antagonist 
user2: I know right! Women aren't that stupid in real life. i guess I might have liked the movie more if I forgot there was even a book to begin with. 
user1: do you remember who killed gatsby?
user1: was it tom or Nick?
user2: no? Did someone kill Gatsby? I really dont remember that part at all.
user1: oh let me remember... i thing he was shot by George, who then commit suicide
user2: Nobody liked that guy really. I think Nick is the only one to go to his funeral.
user1: yeah even he hated him
user1: poor guy, thats how rich people die, rich and alone!!
user2: Anyway Gatsby is just a fraud, not even Gatsby! It's just a tragedy from the start. Also trashy, also kind of operatic, really. \
user1: I definitely would not watch it again, even when it was scored: B
user2: LOL. It's not a very good movie. i blame Baz Luhrman. He co-wrote it and directed it so I think we can blame him for it's faults. 

conversation:
user1: Hello, did you enjoy The Great Gatsby? 
user2: Hi there!
user2: I don't know. I'm kind of on the fence about it. How about you?
user1: I didn't care for it. 
user2: I liked some parts but it's a movie I could have done without. And not missed a thing.
user1: It just seems so sad. 
user1: Gatsby has parties just so that perhaps Daisy will come. 
user2: Yes, and Daisy is not worth it.
user1: She's married to another man! 
user2: The move was a complete flop with the critics, I see.
user2: I guess he didn't care.
user1: I'm not surprised. 
user2: No, the original with Redford was better but not by much.
user2: I didn't like it much either. I was hoping this one would be better but it wasn't.
user1: I didn't realize that Daisy was Nick's cousin. 
user1: I didn't see the one with Redford. 
user2: I didn't either.
user2: I think it was Redford and Mia Farrow but not sure about Farrow.
user1: Who is Myrtle? 
user2: There's so much betrayal in this movie, it's hard to like it.
user1: Yes, I don't like to think that people are really like that. 
user1: I prefer to think the best of people. 
user2: Me, too. 
user2: I don't remember much about Myrtle.
user1: Most likely George's wife? But I don't know who he is either. 
user2: I'm not much of a Baz Luhrmann fan either. I don't think he's a good director. He directed Leo in Romeo and Juliet and I hear it was awful.
user1: I didn't see that either. 
user2: That's a good thing.
user1: I did read the book, The Great Gatsby. It was required reading in high school. 
user2: Yes, George was Myrtle's wife but that's all I remember.

conversation:
user2: Hello. Have you read the document?
user1: hI... YES, I have read it
user2: Okay. Are you familiar with the movie?
user1: Yeah, vaguely. Although I didn't go see it. 
user2: I didn't either. I read the book in high school, but never got around to seeing the movie. Do you like Leonardo Dicaprio?
user1: I want to hate him.. haha for some strange reason.. but I don't actually. He seems like one of the few who qualifies as a bonafide movie star. How about you?
user2: I love him. He's one of my favorite actors. I think he is so talented. 
user2: Carey Mulligan is a great actress too. I like the cast so I would probably enjoy this movie. 
user1: Yeah i agree the little booger has some acting chops. He gets great roles continually- because he delivers the goods.
user2: Agreed. Do you check critic ratings before watching films?
user1: Yeah. Now I have heard her name, but wouldn't recognize her, I don't think.
user1: Yeah I most want to see stuff I know ahead of time will be worth my time, and money. So ratings/reviews are important to me. I loathe the feeling of being stuck at a crummy movie
user1: So it should be 85+ on Rotten Tomatoes :) or I can miss it.
user1: But yeah I assume you would see this because you love Leo- and I get that. I'll go to a lesser rated movie if there's a star I really like .. such as Salma Hayek or Johnny Depp.
user1: Have you seen other Baz Luhrman movies? he has a very distinct style.
user1: *hums theme from Jeopardy* haha ;)
user1: okay gotta go.. you musta bailed.. hahah I showered, HONESt! :P
user2: hi sorry i had to take care of my daughter

conversation:
user1: Hey!
user2: Hello
user1: How are you?
user2: Fine, thank you and you?
user1: Fine as well.
user1: So have you seen the Great Gatsby!
user1: ?
user2: Unfortunately, I never get to see the entire movie
user1: Why is that?
user2: but I love Leonardo DiCaprio's movies
user1: Didn’t you want to or couldn’t?
user1: Yes! DiCaprio is a very talented actor.
user2: I couldn't. and you?
user1: I have seen it and liked it moderately really.
user1: It’s a good filn, but it’s definetely lacking some spirit.
user2: what is it about?
user2: mmmm really?? 
user1: It’s a bout a millionaire who likes to have wild parties in his house, but he has a secret.
user1: Yeah, which parts have you seen already?
user1: From the film I mean
user2: Just the beggining but never get all the idea
user1: Okay
user1: Yeah, I guess you definetely have to see more than that to get a general guess about what the plot will be about.
user2: I knew it was from a novel 
user1: It is
user1: Children in almost every high school has to read it.
user1: I didn’t thiugh. You?
user2: I didn't. I barely remember the mandatory novels to read.
user1: Haha,  yeah. I never really read any.
user1: So, would you be interested in watching the film?
user2: hehe, so can you tell me the end..or the secret Gatsby had.
user1: Gatsby was in love with a married woman.
user2: haha, yes. My friends always want to see that movie with me.
user1: That’s basically it. He was having the parties so she’d come and leave her husband for him.
user2: Ohh I see. Not only a party-drama movie
user1: I mean, you should see it, but it’s not life changing. It’s just entertaining.
user2: who was the director?
user1: I guess it’s very lighthearted at first, but then it turns dark.
user2: ohh okay
user1: Okay. Great chat!

conversation:
user1: Hello, My name is Henry. How are you?
user2: My name is Tony. If you haven't seen The Great Gatsby (2013) film staring Leonardo DiCaprio, then I would probably pass if given the chance to do so.
user1: Why is that?
user1: I've actually seen it.
user2: It doesn't align itself well with the book and the stand out acting performance isn't even that of the protagonist. 
user1: I've actually never read the book. What was it that ruined the movie for you?
user2: It was an unconventional portrayal and more gaudy than anything else.
user2: With the enormous budget they had, they really utilized it in the wrong ways to tell the story well.  
user1: What could they have done better?
user2: Acknowledged the book and delivered an accurate portrayal of the book. 
user1: How was Leo's character different from his character in the book?
user2: In the book, Jay Gatsby is the stand-out character. In the movie, his intricacies are not portrayed as well as the other characters. 
user2: The importance of the story rests within the character arc of Jay Gatsby. There was nothing to heighten with his character in the film, which made things very underwhelming. 
user2: Are you still there?

conversation:
user1: Have you seen Great Gatsby?
user1: The critics didnt like it much
user2: No i have not seen the movie.
user1: Not very close to the book according to them
user1: I saw it some time ago
user1: Do you know the story from school?
user2: Sometimes the movie critics are not always right about a film
user1: In this case I think the critics were right
user2: I may have read it but don't recall the story from school.
user1: all splash and flash, not much story
user1: Most schools dont require it any more\
user2: There should have been a story for the $190 million dollar budget
user1: Lots of budget wasted on props and salary
user2: The classics, even if of a movie, should be required for school purposes.
user1: It is not that involved a script but the director could have done more with it anyway
user2: The actors should be able to bring the story to light as well.
user1: The story starts with a guy Carraway getting out of the nuthouse
user1: He see Gatsby as really upbeat and fun
user1: They are neighbors
user2: I would suppose so if I were in a nuthouse
user1: lol
user1: Gatsby has loads of money and likes to party hardy
user2: I guess what else is a billionaire to do but part and throw around money
user1: Later on Gatsby meets Daisey, Nicks buddies (Tom) wife
user1: Gatsby woos her good. Nick is worried
user2: I suppose I would be worried if someone tried to woo my wife.
user1: Turns out Gatsby was really someone Daisey knew before Gatsby got rich
user1: A really messed up situation
user2: I wonder if either of them ever knew of the other and their position
user1: Very roaring twenties feel
user1: I dont recall
user2: This must have been a wonderful time to be alive
user1: Later on Daisey runs over a woman thinking it was Tom
user1: husbad\nd
user1: Gatsby tries to take the blame
user2: This could have been a very unfortunate accident
user1: Gatsby wanted it to look like an accident\
user1: Daisey was crazy
user2: I suppose she was
user1: Later the dead womans husband shoots Gatsby
user1: lol
user2: At least there was some drama 
user1: NIck is the only one at Gatsbys funeral
user1: lots of drama the story is a modern classic
user2: I would hope more people would have come to the funeral
user1: classic of over doing things to self destruction
user2: I would argue all things in moderation
user1: moderation in dieing too lol
user1: Nick leaves in disgust
user1: back to the farm
user1: I mean nuthouse so he can write
user2: At least he had the foresight to leave
user1: he was the only one still walking I guess
user1: Good film in any case lots of stuff (pathetic) happens
user2: What is a film without some form of melodrama
user1: lots of that here
user1: do you think we beat this up enough yet?
user2: i would agree
user1: have a goodun
user2: same

conversation:
user2: Hey
user1: Hello, I hope you are well. May I ask the name of the movie?
user2: Hope all is good with you! 
user2: And yes, the name of the movie is The Great Gatsby.
user2: The remake from 2013. Have you heard of that movie or seen it before?
user1: Great! No, I haven't seen the movie. 
user1: Who is the main character?
user2: One of the main characters in the movie is named Jay Gatsby and is played by Leonardo DiCaprio
user2: The film also features Tobey Maguire who plays Nick Carraway, Gatsby's friend.
user1: Thanks for that information. I love Leonardo DiCaprio! I am not familiar with Tobey Maguire though.
user1: What is the genre of the movie?
user2: The genre of the movie is a Romantic, Drama!
user2: It was also directed by Baz Luhrmann, which I haven't heard of before.
user1: Lovely!
user1: Was this a popular movie?
user2: I'm actually surprised by the reviews of the film, it received a 48% on Rotten Tomatoes!
user2: And even a 55/100 on Metacritic
user1: Oh no, it must've not been that good then, haha. I'm still interested in seeing it though. 
user1: What is the plot?
user2: I thought it was really good! It is really visually intriguing as well.
user1: I will take your word for it then! What did you love most about it?
user2: The plot is about Nick Carraway moving next door to Jay Gatsby and the love interest that springs up between Gatsby and Daisy Buchanan.
user2: I am a sap for most romantic movies to be honest hahaha and this is the perfect story for it!
user1: Are Daisy and Nick related in anyway?
user2: Yes they actually are! Daisy is Nick's cousin! 
user1: LOL! I'll have to check out more romance movies because of your suggestions.
user2: Daisy is married to a man named Tom Buchanan, who happens to be an incredibly wealthy man.
user1: Ah, okay. I was wondering how Jay found Daisy. It's so convenient to fall in love with your best friends cousin, LOL.
user1: Does Daisy end up falling in love with Jay?
user2: HAHA incredibly convenient. 
user2: And yes, Daisy does end up falling in love with Jay...
user2: but it is a much more.....tragic....story hahaha
user1: Wow, sounds like a pretty interesting movie then.What's tragic about it?
user2: That Gatsby is murdered at the end of the film by a man who's wife was murdered by Daisy.
user2: Spoiler alert

conversation:
user2: Hello there! Are you looking for a movie recommendation?
user1: Have you seen the Great Gatsby from 2013?
user2: I have! I absolutely loved it - I love most Baz Luhrmann movies! I especially loved Leo as Gatsby.
user1: Tobey Maguire is also in it.
user1: I have not seen it yet.
user2: Yes - and Carey Mulligan as Daisy was about perfect. Joel Edgerton as Tom was also really great - they had some great casting. 
user2: It isn't your typical literary movie though. It is very dramatic and showy, with lots of color and opulance. 
user1: Rotten Tomatoes only gives the film a 48
user2: Which I thought was a little low, but overall CinemaScore is a B, which is probably about right.
user1: The movie had a 190 million budget.
user2: Which is massive - that's a lot of money for a movie, but I suppose since it was shot in Australia, it cost a little more.
user1: Would you watch it again?
user2: I love the story of Gatsby, though - he is the American tragedy.
user2: Absolutely. The movie is more of an experience than a movie - especially when you watch the party scenes. They are so over the top and extravagant.
user1: It takes place during the Roaring Twenties
user2: In New York! Which was a very happening place to be during that time period.
user1: You make me want to watch it.
user2: It is very fun - there's scandal and affairs and secrets and lies.
user1: Would you call it a romantic drama?
user2: I would, but I would also consider it a tragedy, ultimately. Gatsby absolutely loves Daisy and would do anything for her.
user2: But Daisy is fickle and will do what is best for her own survival.
user1: F Scott Fitzgerald was a good writer.
user2: Yes! So many twists and turns, with Gatsby taking the blame for things he didn't do, lying about his background - all sorts of things!
user1: Gatsby was a millionare  when that was a lot of money
user2: Exactly, but it is so tragic that the only thing he ever wanted was Daisy. 
user2: And then, because he covers for her, there is a case of mistaken identity, and he is killed.
user1: Yeah sad story
user2: And the worst part is that Daisy, the woman he loved, doesn't even bother to come to his funeral!! After everything he did for her. It is just the worst.
user1: Daisy is an interesting character
user2: She's pretty much a horrible person, but she is charming and beautiful, so it is easy to see why Gatsby loved her.
user2: Nick was the only person to attend Gatsby's funeral
user2: Because he was Gatsby's only true friend.
user1: The reviews make it sound like it's all style and no substance
user2: That is probably fair. It tells the story but with Baz Luhrmann, it is all about how things look and how you experience them.
user2: That is his directing style - so this movie is very stylish and opulent and over the top
user1: How was Joel Edgerton
user2: He was fantastic as Tom. It was really fun to watch him!
user1: Yes, this version is very different from past adaptions.
user2: Definitely! 
user2: I hope you think about watching it - remember it's not about the story, it's about the experience - and that's really what hooks you.
user1: I will definitely think about it. You make the film sound better than my preconceptions 
user2: Well I am glad to help and hope you enjoy it!
user1: Thanks for the fun conversation
user1: Goodbye
user2: You too! Goodbye!

conversation:
user1: Hello, How are you today?
user2: Hi, i'm doing well. How are you?
user2: Do you like Leonardo DiCaprio?
user1: Pretty good. What did you think of the Great Gatsby?
user1: I am pretty neutral, I think he has his good movies and bad ones.
user2: Yea, he does. The Great Gatsby was pretty good, more interesting than the book
user1: Really? What makes you say that?
user2: DiCaprio performed really well in it, and I liked the grandiose nature of the scenes displayed in that media. The book was a little hard to interpret with its traditional language.
user2: Did you find it to be trashy?
user1: I wouldn't say it was trashy, but I don't think it was really as good as the book.
user1: I think Leo was great and performed well with what he had
user2: I think Joel Edgerton really shined in it too
user1: but I think overall the movie was a 5/20 for me.
user1: Joel was pretty spot on with his character, I think he was the perfect fit for the movie
user2: I guess it's best to put aside thoughts about the book when watching the film
user2: Yes I liked the scenery too, it was filmed in Australia
user1: Yeah, I went into the film expecting it to folow the book to a T.
user1: I really need to stop having that expectation because it ruins a lot of movies for me.
user2: Same here. Edgerton was great, even though he didn't have much variation to work with
user2: I guess we shouldn't really look for relatability in this one
user1: Yeah, Hollywood drastically changes things.
user2: It has more of an entertainment value, oh yes for the shock factor I think
user1: Yes, I can agree with that. I was definitely shocked while watching lol.
user1: What did you think about the ratings?
user1: Do you feel they were fair?
user2: lol me too. Ratings are always rough, I think they're on par with this one though. I'd give it a B too
user2: McGuire & DiCaprio were great in it, and Daisy was casted well I think, how about you?
user2: MaGuire*
user1: Now that I think about it, I can't really say I could think of anyone else that I would cast other than them.
user1: They just played their characters very well, but I dont think this is their best works.
user2: That's a good point. Good thing for the 190 million dollar budget
user2: No, more of a romantic comedy
user1: Yeah I agree.
user1: Would you watch it again?
user2: I'm not really a fan of watching movies twice. How about you? I think I watched it back in 2013 and that's it 
user1: No I am not a fan of seeing movies more than once unless they are really good.
user1: Thanks for chatting with me. I enjoyed it.
user1: You have a great day.
user2: Same here. It was entertaining, definitely used the large budget for props and luxuries. You too 
user2: Bye now
user1: see ya

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: Hello
user2: So in this movie leonardo dicaprio plays a billionaire called gatsby, it got pretty average reviews with a 48% rotten tomatoes
user1: Do you know what year that movie came out?
user2: Yes it came out in 2013, and it is considered a romantic drama
user2: Do you usually like movies in this genre?
user1: It depends on whose playing in it. I do like Leonardo Dicaprio.
user1: Who else is in the movie?
user2: Tobey Maguire is in it and plays Gatsby's neighbor and close friend. Carey Mulligan, Emily Foreman and Joel Edgerton are also in it.
user1: Does leonardo have a love interest?
user2: Yes, Daisy Buchanan is his former lover and another characters wife. 
user1: That sounds juicy! Lol
user1: What actor is playing her wife?
user2: That would be Carey Mulligan. 
user1: Is there any blackmail involved in this movie?
user2: I wouldn't go as far as blackmail. But there is plenty of hatred between Tom Buchanan and Jay Gatsby
user1: Does anyone die in the movie?
user2: Yes, would you like me to give it away?
user1: Can I guess first?
user2: Yes
user1: Does the billionaire die?
user2: Yes he does
user1: Is there a specific time period that this movie takes place in?
user2: This was during the 1920s and where Jay Gatsby moved was very "old money" but he was "new money" 
user2: He knew Daisy (the woman married to his across the pond neighbor) before she got married to the man she is with now. 
user2: Little did anyone know that her husband is sleeping with someone else. 
user1: Who?
user2: A woman who worked at a gas station in town
user1: Did Daisy ever find out?
user2: Yes, but only after the woman was murdered.
user1: murdered? By who?
user2: Her husband went into a jealous rage after he found out that  Gatsby was still in love with Daisy
user2: She was hit by Gatsby while he was driving trying to impress Daisy
user1: Wow!
user2: So the husband went to Gatsby's house and later shot him
user2: Then shot himself
user1: What???
user2: Yes, Daisy refusedt to take any calls from Gatsby
user2: and her husband found out and went to his house, and shot him.
user2: nobody went to his funeral except for his neighbor Nick
user1: Interesting! : ) This was fun. It says finish conversation. Are we suppose to click that button now?
user2: Yes I believe so

conversation:
user1: Hello, do you wish to discuss the movie?
user2: Sure
user2: What is it called?
user1: The Great Gatsby- 2013 remake
user2: What's it about?
user1: Nick Carraway moves in next to a rich man who hosts wild parties
user1: This man, Gatsby, is in love with Nick's cousin Daisy who is married with children
user1: It is a period drama set in the 1920's
user2: Interesting, who stars in the movie?
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio as Jay Gatsby and Nick Carraway is Tobey Maguire
user2: Has it gotten good reviews?
user1: Overall reviews seem to be 50/50
user2: Hmmm
user2: It's based on a novel right?
user1: Yes, the novel by F. Scott Fitzgerald
user2: Have you seen the movie?
user1: Yes
user1: Have you?
user2: I have not
user2: How did you feel about it?
user1: I enjoyed the sets and music much
user1: The album is one of my favorites from a movie
user2: What kind of a soundtrack does it have?
user1: It has songs by Fergie, Sia, Lana Del Ray
user2: Oh interesting, that's much more modern names than I expected
user1: The movie and book have lots of good symbolism in them
user2: I remember learning about symbolism and this book in high school
user2: This movie sounds interesting but the lukewarm reviews would make me hesitant to see it 
user1: I tend to like movies with not great reviews because they are good watches and not too deep.

conversation:
user2: Hey there!
user1: Hey how are you?
user1: I loved Leonardo DiCaprio in The Great Gatsby
user2: Great. You?
user1: Good thanks
user2: Did you now?
user2: I thought it was good, but nothing more really
user2: Why did you like it so much?
user1: Well, I really liked the setting of the movie, the classic clothing, the fact it was based on an excellent book. There were only a handful of things that I didn't like about it
user2: You’re defineteky right
user2: Both setting and costumes were great
user1: And some people didn't like that it didn't follow the original story enough but what movie really does? 
user2: Did you like Dicaprio as Gatsby?
user2: I haven’t read the book really. Have you?
user1: Yeah of course. 
user1: I'm surprised RT only gave it a 5.8/10
user2: Did you read the book?
user1: I did but I don't remember it closely
user2: I’m not really surprised
user2: RT has a history of giving out bad reviews in my opinion.
user2: What do you think?
user1: Well, I've seen RT give quite a good review to some movies I consider lackluster. 
user2: What would have been an appropriate rating?
user1: It's like they always give an opposite opinion
user1: I'd say 7.5
user2: Exactly, some bad movies get “good reviews”
user2: I’d give it an 8.0 really
user1: There aren't a lot of movies right now with that kind of settings and we hardly get DiCaprio in anything much
user2: You’re right about Dicaprio
user2: I guess he doesn’t really do many more films anymore
user1: I suppose he wouldn't "need" to heh
user1: Looking at scene no. 3 seems like it  goes back to "grass is always greener" kind of thing
user2: You’re right
user1: He thought he was going for something better but in the end it only brought misery and depression even if it was more exciting
user2: But still, he’s a great actor
user1: Absolutely, there are a lot of lesser known movies that are worth checking out that he has been in, they're all listed on IMDB
user1: Are you still there?
user1: Alrighty well, good discussion..

conversation:
user1: Hello have you seen the Great Gatsby?
user2: Yes. I actually liked it, how about you?
user1: I liked it a lot. Leonardo Dicaprio is great in it 
user2: I thought so too. Tobey Maquire was also fun to watch.
user1: Yeah, their chemistry was pretty good. I thought that Baz Luhmann did a good job directing. 
user2: How did you feel about it versus the book?
user1: I thought it was a good depiction of the book 
user2: It seems it was not particularly critically acclaimed...
user1: No not really. It looked like a lot of the well known review rating pages gave it average scores.
user2: I'm not familiar with Lurmann...what else did he direct?
user1: Rotten Tomatoes only gave it 48%
user1: I'm not sure
user2: Did the movie ever cover what Gatsby did for a living exactly?
user1: I don't think so. He's pretty much just a famous billionare who hosts crazy parties so Daisy will show up
user2: Did Daisy have blonde or brown hair? I forgot.
user1: blonde.
user2: Thanks. I did think the movie was a bit long.
user1: Apparently Nick Caraway acuses Gatsby of being in with the mob
user2: Well it certainly was a twisted plot.
user2: Yeah I think you're right about that.
user2: I wonder why Daisy didn't wait for Gatsby after all.
user1: Yeah the scene where Gatsby's car runs over Myrtle is sad
user2: Yes it was quite surprising.
user1: I think she just wanted to be rich. 
user2: Perhaps so. 
user1: It's also sad that Gatsby is wrongly killed for Myrtle's death and is shot by George
user2: Imagine leaving a psych hospital to experience all of that.
user2: I agree!
user1: Yeah that wouldn't be so good for his alcoholism 
user2: lol
user2: It seems odd that Nick would be the only one at the funeral of a person who regularly held big parties.
user1: Yeah and Daisy leaves with her husband back to New York
user2: I think they were leaving New York to go somewhere else
user1: You're right, my mistake. 
user2: Would you see this movie again?
user1: It's sad that this all drives Nick to leave New York. 
user1: Yeah I'd see it again. 

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user2: Happy Friday!
user1: hi thank you
user2: Have you seen this movie before?
user1: No, but I have read the book recently.
user2: I've always loved the book but never saw the movie
user2: I heard it is very good as far as the portrayal of that glamorous era
user1: That is what critics are saying
user2: I know DeCaprio is pretty much good in any movie
user2: Someone told me they've changed a few things-like Nick Carraway is a total stranger instead of being Daisy's cousin
user1: He is good, but the main character is played by Tobey Maguire
user2: Yes, I believe that's the guy that was in Spiderman movie
user1: It seems that the film is different from the book on a lot of points. 
user2: people who watched the movie said they did an excellent job in depicting the roaring twenties: art deco and all the splendid decor of that time!
user1: It must have been spectacular on a big screen 
user2: yes, it does but I usually don't look at that so as not to disappoint myself-because movies are typically merely a depiction of a book, such as in this case
user1: How to you find the first part ? The psychiatric hospital seems unnecessary.
user2: it definitely hit the point as far as showing these wealthy and snobby people who only care about wealth and nothing beyond...
user2: It does seem unnecessary, the main story is about Gatsby and Daisy
user1: It seems more focused on Nick. 
user2: But overall this seems like a good movie to see, I'll definitely look to download it online this weekend
user2: the movie is not that old either-2013
user1: The second scene seems overly dramatic and it a little confusing. 
user2: it's a metaphor-like in the book, the green light he is reaching towards-wealth and Daisy!
user1: I think that they could have done without the last part where Gatsby confessed he was born poor.  
user1: Never thought about the green light that way.
user2: true-it's insignificant, but they always like to change things up, hopefully the actors made the rest of the movie worth while
user2: rotten tomatoes gave it a 5.8/10 but then again-sometimes they don't get it right-I think people lost appreciation for good movies with deeper content
user1: But actors cannot change a confusing script where too much happens at the same time. In short amount of time you have 2 separations, an accidental death and a framing. I think the director tried to do too much.
user2: sounds like it-I'm not familiar with this director
user1: How do you find the ending ? 
user2: I don't think it's in this document, it's only two pages
user2: I would like to see this movie as a time piece and to submerge into that time period-do you enjoy period movies?
user1: it is scene no. 3, I think it is too short and should have included more characters and their future like how Tom and Daisy will end up.
user1: Yeah I enjoy period movies,
user1: well bye
user1: It has been a pleasure to talk to you

conversation:
user2: You definitly don't want to watch The Great Gatsby. It's not very good.
user1: The trailer made it seem like it could be a decent movie. How come it isn't a good movie to you?
user2: It only got 48% on Rotten Tomatoes and a Metacritic Score of 55/100
user1: Those are pretty poor scores. I tend to trust those opinions. Plus I don't see a lot of movies, so I wouldn't waste my time on one with low scores. Have you seen The Great Gatsby?
user2: Yes, and I was upset that the stand out actor Joel Edgerton was given such a 1 dimensional role. 
user1: Yeah, that would totally bother me as well. I really appreciate good writing with good acting. It sucks when a great actor doesn't have good writing to thrive with. My friend's had a birthday that was Gatsby themed and it was fun. What did you think of wardrobe and the setting? Did the movie do that well?
user2: That does sound fun. The film had a $190 million budget so the wardrobe and sets were top notch. I'll give the movie credit for that. But I still don;t think it;s worth watching when there' s so many better movies out there. 
user1: I completely agree. Watching a movie is all about being entertained. I can only marvel at the scenery and costumes for so long.
user2: I tend to not like romantic dramas much anyway. What about you?
user1: Other than Romeo and Juliet, me neither. I love comedy and documentaries. Make me laugh or teach me something. What do you like?
user2: I like stuff that's not too predictable or cliche. My tastes are so varied though. I enjoy everything from horror movies and stoner comedies to film noir and 90's independent films. 
user1: Yeah, that is very varied tastes. I bet all of your friends go to you for movie recommendations. Say a friend planned on going to see Great Gatsby. I know you don't think it is worth the time so which movie would you suggest that could scratch the same itch as it were except a better movie?
user2: Hmmm let me think a minute. It's almost like The Great Gatsby is the only thing I can think about right now. The negative emotions it stirred up in me is still haunting me. 
user1: You really don't like when a movie wastes your time. I feel the same way, especially when I have high expectations for something. Life is too short for unsatisfying media. I really bums me out.
user1: It is worth going through all the bad stuff to find the really great stuff. Something that really resonates is always worth looking for.
user2: Let's talk about The Great Gatsby for 2 hours. Are you up for it?
user1: I wouldn't enjoy it but I could do it.

conversation:
user1: hi, I  thought is was a little better than the critics assessment... what did you think?
user2: hello
user1: DiCaprio was well cast, I thought...
user2: About The Great Gatsby(2013) i think it was e decent movie
user1: Yes, decent...
user2: What did you think about Tobey Maguire?
user1: It was colorful.  And so was Gatsby for that matter...
user1: Oh, Tobey Maguire.  Have to admit, I like him in everything...
user2: Do you generally watch movies with good or bad ratings?
user1: Liked him as the narrator of the movie... could say liked his performance the best.
user1: Sorry, I am not in sync... well, I don't really watch movies w/bad ratings usually.  What about you?
user2: Yeah, me too, but if some movies are big hits with bad ratings i may watch them
user1: If they have bad ratings but represent some more impt historical period i'll look at them.  Kinda like this one...
user2: What do you think about Jay Gatsby as a famous billionaire and his crazy parties?
user2: We enjoyed some crazy scenes in this movie 
user1: Well, I liked the way the crazy parties were depicted... they were so extravagant. Just the way i'd expect the Roaring 20s to be... lavish and all.  What did you think?
user1: Some of the crazy scenes were pretty enjoyable, as spectacles... Guess I would've liked it if there'd been a bit more substance--like what was going on inside of their heads...
user2: Yes, the differences between a simple man Nick Carraway,and the rich Gatsby was intriguing me through the whole movie
user2: They were neighboors but so different
user1: They were...
user1: What was it, d'you think that was the basis of their connection?
user2: Probably true. And what about Daisy. You must remember the scene where Gatsby tells Tom of his affair with Daisy.
user1: Yeah, that was a key scene. 
user1: It revealed a lot about who they really were...
user2: Yes, and later Gatsby admits to Nick that he was born penniless
user1: It wasn't a simple story at all... 
user2: I haven't figured out many things..
user1: I'm not sure if Gatsby admission made me feel more empathy towards him or not... what about you?
user2: WHat about the ending and the murder of Gatsby?
user1: Tragic!
user2: I can't tell if i feel emotions of empathy...But the movie confused me in many levels
user1: Guess that's' what great dramas are made of... it made me feel bad though.

conversation:
user1: Hi there
user2: Hello
user1: So I hear you'll be telling me about a movie?
user2: Have you seen The Great Gatsby?
user2: It came out in 2013.
user2: Quite a few years back now.
user1: I have heard of it, but no, I have not seen it. 
user1: Who was the main actor again? I forgot his name
user2: Well it has Leonardo DiCaprio, he plays Gatsby.
user1: That's right, I do believe I had seen the coming attractions, but honestly forgot it. What's the theme or genre?
user2: but the movie goes off Tobey Maguires point of view, his character is  Nick Carrawar.
user2: It is classified at Romantic, Drama 
user1: What is the relationship between Nick and Gatsby?>
user2: They become friends, cover time. Close friends. 
user1: Does the story take place in modern day times, or?
user2: No the film is a period piece.
user1: in what time period does it take place?
user2: Where Gatsby trys to get the attention of a women named Daisy, by hosting huge parties to see if she would ever show up.
user2: During the 1920s/
user1: Is Daisy not interested in Gatsby?
user2: Daisy is more interested it what people thing about her, Wealth has indeed ruined her.
user2: So basically one day Daisy does go to one of the parties and they reunite.
user2: but a lot of drama happens and things don't really work out. 
user1: very interesting. are you aware of how they first met?
user1: was there a significant lapse in time before they reunited?
user2: Yes he was in the military and they met in a party. He knew that she was in a higher class status than him, and wanted to have money inorder to gain status.
user1: it seems with these extravagant parties, he achieved that wealth?
user2: Yes, but by bootlegging. So he wasn't looked to high upon. At least the ones with old money.
user1: how did daisy perceive the wealth?
user2: She liked it, she had a great time with him for awhile, then at some point Gatsby confronts her to tell her "Husband" that she never loved him, which was not true. Then she runs away, and Gatsy follows her, there is this very strange driving scene. 
user2: You find out that someone in that car, hit a women and Gatsby gets the blame. The husband of that woman goes to Gatsby to confront him.
user1: very interesting, it sounds like quite an interesting movie. I may have to watch it, as it's catching my interest
user1: thanks!
user2: Takecare.

conversation:
user2: Ever read the novel The Great Gatsby?
user1: Many years ago. 
user2: Have you watch any of the films including the new one 
user1: Yeah. I liked the recent one with Leo. 
user1: Did you like it?
user2: Definitely! There’s an older movie but the recent one is a lot better 
user1: Have you read the novel?
user2: Yeah and the movie does the book justice!
user1: BTW, a professor of literature argued not too long ago that Gatsby's secret was that he was "passing", ie he was a black man passing for a white one. Really. That would be an interesting take for a movie.
user2: Oh wow! 
user2: Now that you think about it... that’s an excellent theory. Thank you for that
user1: Yeah interesting take. He offers some details as to why, focusing on racial steroetypes during the Jazz Age, iirc. You can google it easily, btw.
user1: This movie was an easy watch. Not sure if critics liked it though, probably because the book sets a high standard. 
user2: Cause in the film they sort of romanticize the ghetto where blacks people where almost glamorized. That sort adds to the theory 
user2: Yeah the critics gave it like a 50% rating 
user1: Gatsby's friend is named Buchanan. I wonder is that is a reference to President James Buchanan and the Dred Scott decision. Just speculation on my part. Not sure if the Prof said this.
user1: I mean Buchanan does hate Gatsby because he is "new money". So it makes sense. 
user1: DiCaprio does a good job playing rich guys, which is kinda ironic since he started off in Titanic. 
user1: The settings (The Plaza and the North Shore of LI) help make the movie an easy watch, imo.

conversation:
user1: hello
user1: how are you?
user2: Hello. I am well, how are you?
user2: What kind of movies do you like?
user2: Have you seen The Great Gatsby?
user2: The Great Gatsby has to be one of my all time favorite movies. It's one of those movies you can watch over and over again.

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hello
user2: How are you today
user1: Good, and you?
user1: Have you seen The Great Gatsby starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Tobey Mcguire?
user2: Im great, thanks for asking
user2: I havent watched it
user2: is it good?
user1: The ratings for the movie weren't so great with a 48% on rotten tomatoes but I thought it was pretty good.
user2: That rating is pretty low!
user2: But I dont always trust those ratings
user2: Ive seen great movies get an undeserving low rating
user1: Yea, same here.
user2: So when was the movie released?
user1: Anyways, the movie is based on the booked and talks about the life of Jay Gatsby (DiCaprio) during the 1920s.
user1: Movie released 2013
user2: Oh I see so its no that old, 
user2: I love how DiCaprio acts
user2: so its based in the 1920
user2: interesting
user1: The story is based on the perspective of the character Nick Carraway played by Maguire.
user1: He is recovering in a hospital and the doctor suggests he talk about Gatsby.
user2: And what happens in Nick Carraway's perspective?
user2: Gatsby is the doctor?
user1: He is a WWI vet.
user2: Oh so he must be a badass
user1: He ends up moving to NY nearby Gatsby where he encounters his cousin Daisy and Tom (Joes Edgerton).
user2: What was your favorite scene of the movie?
user1: Tom accuses Gatsby of gaining his fortune through bootlegging with mobsters.
user1: and Daisy and Gatsby actually have an affair going on behind Tom.
user2: And who plays the role of Tom 
user2: and also the role of Daisy?
user1: In the end, Gatsby ends up being killed by someone who then commits suicide.
user2: the plot sounds good
user1: and Nick is the only one to attend his funeral.
user2: sounds like a movie I would enjoy
user2: oh I see, so he dies lonely
user2: Ok great, I think I will give the movie a shot
user2: thanks
user1: Nick reflects upon the Gatsby mansion and then finishes his writing about Gatsby

conversation:
user2: Hi have you seen The Great Gatsby? 
user1: Yes, I think it deserves a higher rating than the critics have given it.
user2: I was surprised that it only has an average rating, it's a good movie! 
user1: What is your favorite role in the film?
user2: Jay, played by Leonardo Dicaprio as he is my favorite actor 
user1: Leonardo Dicaprio is great in about everything he does. I thought Toby Maguire did a good job as well. He's come a long way since his sitcom days
user2: I agree
user1: Do you usually like romantic dramas?
user2: I do! The cast in this was truly amazing as well
user1: Baz Luhrmann is a great director also. He makes visually stunning movies
user2: The critic reviews are so negative, I don't understand why
user1: I enjoy the way the story is told with the Nick Carraway character recalling his time with Gatsby. It's very engaging storytelling
user2: Viewers seem to agree as the Rotten Tomatoes rating is also average 
user1: The party scenes in particular are over the top, and fun. A real interesting peak into the time period. Any scenes you remember jumping out?
user2: None that I can remember, it was awhile back that I saw it. I do know that Joel Edgerton didn't stand out to me as the best role in the movie, unlike the opinions of the critics 
user1: I can't believe the film had a $190 million budget. It's so expensive to make films nowadays
user2: I do remember the scene where Daisy says she loves Gatsby but can't bring herself to say she doesn't love Tom
user1: The scene where Gatsby hits and kills Myrtle with his car was shocking, and unexpected
user1: Well, Gatsby car hit her that is
user2: That was so shocking.  Also when Gatsby admitted he was born penniless
user2: Did you prefer to see Daisy end up with Gatsby or Tom? 
user1: I agree, the scene where the truth about Gatsby's past comes out was really interesting.
user2: I can't believe it's been 5 years since this movie came out
user1: Personally, I was wanting Daisy to end up with Gatsby since he is such an interesting character
user2: Yes me too. The movie is named after him,  after all. 
user1: The tragic ending where Myrtle's husband George shoots Gatsby , and then himself was a classic ending
user2: That was such a twist! I never saw it coming did you? 
user1: They teased it a bit when George assumed Gatsby was having an affair with his wife. I knew something bad was going to happen
user2: Yes there was some foreshadowing but I was hoping it wasn't going that route.  Such a great movie
user1: I enjoyed how they tied it all together at the end of the film with the title of the memoir being The Great Gatsby. Overall and enjoyable classic film

conversation:
user2: hello!
user1: hey there how's it going?
user2: Pretty good. What movie are we chatting about today?
user1: The Great Gatsby. The 2013 version starring Leonardo Dicaprio.
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: That's a good one, I remember liking it but I haven't seen it in a few years.
user1: It's an odd film. I'm not sure if I liked it or not.
user2: Oh really, how come?
user1: I guess the camera tricks and everything they added to it?
user1: I guess I don't have the technical terms for it
user2: What are the ratings on it like?
user1: Like around 50% on RT
user1: Not great
user1: Did you read the book?
user2: Oh wow, that's not so great. 
user2: Yeah I read the book, but it was a long time ago in highschool.
user2: Who directed the movie?
user1: Baz Luhrman.  I remember he also did Moulin Rouge
user2: That would explain the style then. 
user1: He has a "visual flare" to all his films, doesn't he?
user2: Who else was in the movie?
user1: Tobey Maguire. 
user1: Carey Mulligan
user2: Oh yeah, he's his bestfriend 
user1: In real life and in the movie
user2: Haha, yeah that's true. 
user2: Tell me more about the memorable scenes. 
user1: I feel like there was the scene where he sees Gatsby for the first time, with the fireworks going off.
user1: That has become a fairly popular meme
user2: Right, with him holding up the glass.
user1: Classic Dicaprio
user2: I remember the music in that movie being pretty cool.
user1: Jay-Z I think.

conversation:
user1: Hello,You should watch the movie the Great Gatsby
user2: What is it about?
user1: It is based on F. Scott Fitzgerald's novel about a millionaire, Jay Gatsby and his interactions with his neighbor Nick Carraway during the Roaring Twenties in New York State. 
user2: Sounds interesting. What genre is it?
user1: It is a period romantic drama. 
user2: How long is it?
user1: I am not sure of the exact run time. 
user2: No worries. Is it based on a true story?
user1: No, it is based on a novel that was written on a novel with the same name that was written in 1925.
user2: Bookception. Does it pass the Bechdel test? (Does it have 2 women in it that talk to each other about something other than a man?)
user1: I am not sure if it does. 
user2: How's the soundtrack?
user1: I am not sure how the critics felt about the soundtrack. 
user2: What did the critics think of the movie?
user1: The reviews were mixed but critics advised to not bring any pre-conceived ideas based on reading the book and also praised Joel Edgerton's acting. 
user2: What other actors are in it?
user1: The film has Leonardo DiCaprio, Tobey Maguire, Carey Mulligan, and Emily Foreman in addition to Joel Edgerton. 
user2: Who plays Gatsby?
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio plays Gatsby. 
user2: Is it a fairly accurate portrayal of New York in the 20s?
user1: I am not sure how accurate it is. 
user2: Who directed it?
user1: Baz Luhrmann was the director. 
user2: Who wrote the soundtrack?
user1: I don't know who wrote the soundtrack. 
user2: Do you know how much it made in the box office?
user1: I do not know how much it made but it was filmed on a $190 million budget. 
user2: DId it win any awards?
user1: I don't know if won any awards or not. 
user2: Is it out on DVD?
user1: I am not sure if it but it was released in 2013. 
user2: Sounds good, I'll check it out.
user1: Good. I hope you enjoy it. 

conversation:
user2: Wow, I'm surprised at the Rotten Tomatoes score of 5.8, I really like that.
user1: I know! I love Leonardo DiCaprio, he was great as a billionaire.
user2: I love the scenes with his wild parties at his house. They were great.
user1: I really like the plot of this movie, Leo and Tobey were good in this. 
user2: Yes, with the stars they had in the movie, you can see what it had a $190 million budget!
user1: Great CinemaScore as well! It's nice to know it was also written and directed by Leonardo DiCaprio while starring on the movie itself!
user2: I really didn't like the character that Joel Edgerton plays as Tom Buchanan. He was so mean just because Gatsby had new money.
user1: Yes, that's why I hope Jay Gatsby made Daisy Buchanan who's in a relationship with Joel Edgerton show up in Jay's wild parties.
user2: The Roaring Twenties seemed like a wild time.
user1: What I like about the Great Gatsby is that it lived up to its genre, it's so romantic!
user2: It really is, Nick Carraway narration  and I'm so glad his doctor had him write his stories of Jay Gatsby down so we have  the movie.
user1: Good point, his thoughts were written down with passion leading to a great movie. But sadly, he abandoned writing!
user2: Yes, he did abandon writing when he moved from the midwest.
user1: I wonder Nick Carraway felt when his house was next to Gatsby who often held wild parties at home.
user1: I wonder how Nick Carraway felt*
user2: Nick I think realized Gatsby was hopeful about Daisy when he came back home and say Gatsby reaching toward the green light at the Buchanan dock.
user1: Wow, Gatsby admited he was penniless when he was born and James Gatz was his real name .
user2: Yes, that was an amazing scene when they were talking about Myrtle's death when she thought Gatsby's car was Tom's.
user1: I know, it was interesting when Nick decided not to tell Gatsby when he overheard Daisy accepted a promise from Tome of having to take care of every thing.
user2: Yes. Oh my gosh, remember when Gatsby tells Tom he was with Daisy? That was intense!
user1: Gatsby being a billionaire, having an affair is surely interesting! That's why Tom accused Gatsby.
user2: I know, Tom really accused Gatsby of making his money from bootlegging with mobsters! How rude. 
user1: My gosh, Gatsby was shot by of George! 
user2: Isn't that horrible? And so sad that Nick is the only one that attended his funeral besides reporters.
user1: Daisy even left with Tom to New York! What a sad love story.
user2: No wonder Nick leaves after taking a final walk through Gatsby's deserted mansion.
user1: It's unfortunate that Gatsby is named by the media as the lover and killer of Myrtle.
user2: Yes, it's so sad that Nick ended up typing his memoir in the sanitorium.
user1: I know! Great movie!
user1: Nick created a great title for his memories with Gatsby.

conversation:
user1: helllooooo
user2: Hello
user1: how are you 
user2: good, how are you?
user2: have you watched the movie Great Gatsby?

conversation:
user2: Hey!
user1: HI, Have you seen "THe GREAT Gatsby"?
user2: Yeah I have seen it before.
user2: Have you seen it?
user1: Yes, how do you feel about the Rotten Tomatoes score?
user2: I am actually surprised that the score is that low....
user2: That's a pretty bad rating hahah. 
user2: Did you enjoy the film?
user1: I did. Leonardo DiCaprio is one of my favorite actors. 
user2: Yeah his acting in that movie was really great!
user2: I also really liked Nick Carraway's character in the movie too.
user1: What was Carey Mulligan's name in the movie?
user2: Carey Mulligan played Daisy Buchanan in the movie.
user2: Daisy Buchanan is married to Tom Buchanan.
user1: Who did Joel Edgerton play?
user2: Joel Edgerton played as Tom Buchanan
user1: What was the genre of the film?
user2: It says here that Nick Carraway was a World War 1 veteran as well. I don't think I knew that.
user2: The film is a Romantic, Drama
user2: Do you know what year it came out?
user1: I believe it was 2013.
user1: Who was the director?
user2: It was directed by Baz Luhrmann
user2: I can't say I have ever heard of that director to be honest.
user2: Do you recall who told Tom about the love affair?
user1: Was it Myrtle?
user1: Myrtle?
user2: I think it was actually Gatsby himself that told him.
user2: Yes, at the plaza Gatsby told Tom about the affair.
user2: Tom was accusing Gatsby of being a fraud essentially and saying he didn't go to Oxford.
user1: Yes you are correct. Where did production take place?
user2: Production took place in Australia actually! I didn't know that
user2: Do you know how much the film had for a budget?
user1: Yes it had a budget of 190 million.
user2: Do you know who killed Myrtle?
user1: She gets struck by Gatsby's car.
user2: Does it say who was driving the car?
user1: I believe Daisy was in the car.
user1: Who receives treatment for alcoholism at the psychiatric hospital?
user2: That was actually nick Carraway
user2: I don't recall them mentioning that in the film for some reason.
user1: I don't either. What war was Nick a part of?
user2: He was apart of World War 1
user2: And Gatsby was actually broke and created his fortune for himself.
user1: He did.
user1: I don't know if I asked but when was the film released?
user2: The film was released in 2013
user1: What was the Cinema Score?
user2: The Cinema Score was a B
user2: But the Metacritic Score was a 55 out of 100
user1: I think we are done, no?
user2: We should be at this point tbh
user2: Have a good one!
user1: You too.

conversation:
user2: hellot
user1: Good afternoon!  :)
user1: Looks like we're talking about The Great Gatsby today.  Have you seen it?
user2: nope
user2: I've heard of the book and movie
user1: It was a great movie, better than I expected
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio is just perfect in the role
user2: The critics didn't like it.
user1: They don't like half the stuff I love  LOL
user2: me too
user1: DiCaprio's character Jay Gatsby is a very interesting character.
user2: It sounds like it from the description they're giving
user1: Yes, the story is partly about Gatsby himself, and partly about the friendship that develops between him and Nick Carraway
user1: Tobey Maguire plays the Nick Carraway character, and he rents this little cottage on the edge of Gatsby's property
user2: I like Tobey Maguire for the most part
user1: I like him too
user1: Over time, Nick gets drawn into Gatsby's social circle
user1: Gets to attend all the fancy parties and everything
user2: It sounds suprisingly similiar to the world today
user1: The costumes they did for all the party sequences were amazing, the movie was worth watching just from that aspect.
user1: Yes, in some ways it is
user2: I do enjoy movies that have more style than substance, but to a point. 
user1: Agreed on that
user1: This movie had quite a complicated plot structure
user1: you never knew for sure where it was headed
user2: It looks like it.
user1: Plus you never felt like you were even sure what you really knew about Gatsby himself
user2: That sounds like a good character
user1: Yes, he was a very engaging character... you really wanted to understand what was going on with him
user2: Makes me almost want to read the book, though it's not my usual genre
user1: It's quite emotional when Gatsby gets killed
user1: I need to read this as well, I'm sure the book is much better
user2: Just reading the intro again, wonder why they filmed in austaralia
user1: The ending is very poignant, with Nick finishing his memoirs and titling it "The Great Gatsby"
user1: Well, Gatsby's house was a very prominent feature of the movie
user1: I imagine they wanted a very particular look for it
user1: maybe Austrailia is where they found the right look\
user2: ok 
user2: that makes sense

conversation:
user1: hello!
user2: Hi! How are you?
user2: I would like to talk to you about the movie the Great Gatsby. It's a great film staring Leonardo DiCaprio, Tobey Maguire, and Carey Mulligan.
user2: Have you heard of it before?
user1: yeah
user1: i heard of it but never have watched
user1: can you breifyl talk to me what's about
user2: It's based off of a novel by F. Scott Fitzgerald. It is about the life of fictional millionaire Jay Gatsby and his encounters with his neighbor in the roaring 20's. 

conversation:
user2: Hello. Did you think Leonardo DiCaprio was good as Gatsby?
user1: Yes, I thought he was a very good Gatsby, what about you? Did you like the other cast?
user2: Yes I liked Carey Mulligan as Daisy too. I didn't know her before this movie.
user2: One critic said Joel Edgerton was the standout performance as Daisy's husband.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello, have you ever seen The Great Gatsby?
user2: Yes
user2: but the newer version with Leonard DiCaprio
user2: not the older version
user1: The newer version is the one the document is talking about...
user2: have you ever watched it?
user1: I don't think you understand this task to be honest
user2: I'm suppose to get information about the movie
user1: You pretend you haven't seen the movie and then let me use the information i have to persuade you to watch it
user2: so tell me, why should I rewatch this movie
user1: You should watch it because it had Leonardo Di Caprio in it
user2: is he considered to be a good actor?
user2: is there another reason why the movie is a good one to watch?
user1: Yes he is a great actor. In case you've forgotten about the film, it's retold through a character named Nick Carraway who is recovering from Alcoholism, he retells his experience with Jay Gatsby
user1: Jay Gatsby is a famous billionaire who throws wild parties in his house, hoping a woman named Daisy Buchanan will show up.
user1: Do you like Romantic Dramas in general?
user2: I definitely do
user2: from your description, definitely sounds like an interesting story
user1: This movie didn't get very good reviews, one critic describes it as a "splashy, trashy opera"
user2: oh wow
user2: I did not know that
user2: sounds harsh
user2: but, the critic must have had a reason to say that
user1: Yeah, there is one intense scene though where a woman named Myrtle gets run over by a car
user1: There is also a lot of deception between the characters and accusations of being unfaithful
user2: oh goodness
user1: The movie is actually based off a novel by F. Scott Fitzgerald, I read it in school and it's a great book
user2: seems like a movie that's filled with a lot of drama
user2: & I did know that, but was never assign to read that book
user2: I have heard that it's a very popular book
user2: which is why I thought it was strange that the movie wouldn't get great reviews
user2: but, books aren't always translated well to movies
user2: so it's understandable
user1: It is indeed. If you remember the final scene is also intense and quite sad. George mistakes Gatsby as Myrtle's lover and eventually shoots him before committing suicide himself 
user1: It's a bit of a bleak ending, but very dramatic, I can see why it's described as an opera
user1: And further the film received bad ratings on most sites, with only 48% on Rotten Tomatoes
user1: However if you want to see an adaption of a great book I would recommend it. It's good to see how others envision someone elses work.
user2: definitely, thanks for the recommendation
user1: Do you agree with the rating of the movie?
user1: No problem.
user2: I would say no

conversation:
user2: What is the name of the movie?
user1: The Great Gatsby 
user2: Oh i've watched that a bunch of times
user2: what clip is it?
user1: no clip, just a fact sheet 
user2: What's on it?
user2: Facts about nyc? Jordan Baker?
user2: have you seen it before?
user1: the year it was released, the director, cast, rating by rotten tomatoes 
user1: I have 
user1: I like its soundtrack
user2: What do you like about it?
user2: True it has some great peices
user1: I enjoy leonardo decaprio's acting
user2: I don't know what else to talk about because we both have seen it hhhah
user1: haha
user2: Yeah i do too! He does alot of great work
user1: it only has 48% on rotten tomatos
user1: thats not very good
user2: Oh really? 
user2: I thought it would have some more than that :(
user1: yeah I was surprised. there was so much hype when it was released
user1: me too!
user2: Maybe not the right people has watched it...
user1: possibly
user2: I think it is the time era that turns people off
user1: I like Carey Mulligan also
user2: and the fact that spider man is in it haha
user1: lol
user2: when they have tea together is pretty funny
user1: yes 
user2: "lovely clock" Haha

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: The movie is The Great Gatsby.
user1: Oh yes I've heard of it.
user2: It is in the genre Romantic/Drama.
user1: Yeah, I read the book a long time ago.
user2: You might know that Leonardo DiCaprio plays the main person - Jay Gatsby.
user1: Yes I remember that from the trailers.
user2: It is based on a novel from F. Scott Fitzgerald.
user1: Yes indeed.  He was a good writer.
user2: The novel is from 1925.
user1: Yes an old novel from the 1920s.  
user2: The rating on rotten tomatoes was only 48%.
user1: Too bad, I wonder why it was so low.
user2: The budget was $190 Million.
user2: The director was Baz Luhrmann.
user1: Sounds like a big budget movie to me!
user2: Do you know the director?
user2: Maybe you should see the 2013 movie, to find out why it rates so bad.
user1: I don't follow directors, but he must be good if they trusted him to direct a $190 million movie, lol
user1: Well perhaps I should.  
user2: Maybe they only expected to get a hit because of the great material.
user1: Well with Leonardo Dicaprio they have a big star there.
user2: As you read the novel, you know the little secret of Gatsby?
user1: I forget what it is.
user2: Rosebud.
user1: What is Rosebud? Was it a lady?
user2: Well, I guess that is what everyone expects.
user2: As I should tease you to watch the movie. I will not tell you :-)
user2: Maybe you can fast forward to get to the solution.
user1: Okay fine I want to see the movie then. 
user2: But I don't know if the riddle is contained in the movie.
user2: So maybe you have to check the older movie or the novel again (back to school).
user1: Well I remember the plot of the book, so I could figure it out.
user2: But the plot turn is really unexpected. I watched the old movie in a video class-
user1: If someone watched it with me I could watch it for sure.
user1: Yes I remember there were some twists to the plot.
user2: Let me just add that Tobey Maguire plays Nick Carraway.
user1: Nick is Gatsby's friend who was a journalist?
user2: That will be Gatsby's neighbour and friend.
user2: He is the narrator.
user1: Oh.  Yes I remember he was the narrator.
user2: Koel Edgerton is hyped by some critics.
user2: *Joel
user1: "It was what preyed on Gatsby, what foul dust floated in the wake of his dreams, that temporarily turned out my interest in the abortive sorrows and shortwinded elations of men"
user2: For his role as Tom Buchanan.
user1: Was Tom Buchanan the husband of the lady?
user2: An upper clas  socialite who hates Gatsby because he is new-money.
user1: I see.
user2: Nice chat. Let's cash in :-) See you tomorrow.
user1: Okay thanks.

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user2: Are you there?
user1: Hello
user2: Wasnt Leonardo Dicaprio great in this film!?
user1: Whats the name of the film
user2: The Great Gatsby!
user2: This movie was based on a 1925 novel. This movie was released in 2013.
user1: I read about the movie. it seemed interesting.
user2: Well if you havent watched it, I highly recommend it. I have watched it a few times!
user1: Thats cool. Can you tell me what the movie is about?
user2: Oh i am sorry, are you not seeing the information <-- over to the left of the screen?
user1: No. I cant see the info.
user2: The movie is set in the 20's. But this film, was done in 2013, so it  was quite updated. Obviously
user2: Leonardo Dicaprio play's a billionaire who hosts wild parties at his house, in hopes that Daisy shows up. Daisy is his "love" from the past.
user1: Thats sounds cool.  Leonardo is a great actor.
user2: It's really an exciting movie, dramatic, and romantic, all at the same time.
user2: And sad too
user2: Do you like movie's of this genre?
user1: I like those type of movies. It sounds somewhat indept.
user2: Leonardo's role is great.
user1: Yes but my favorite is action, adventure, thriller and mystery.
user2: Well it has some mystery to it i guess you could say.
user2: And adventure.
user1: I AGREE
user2: so.. years go by and he loses touch with Daisy, and he literally waits for her for years.
user2: One day she shows up to his house. But by this time she is already married to someone else. It's sad.
user2: Wow, i just read this movie had a 190 million dollar budget. That's insane.
user1: i can imagine.
user1: wow. thats great.
user2: I wonder if it is a true story or not? Have you ever heard of it before?
user1: Yes. I read about it.
user2: So was it a true story?
user1: Im not certain but It might be.
user2: Well you def should watch this movie some time
user2: Rotten tomatoes gave it a 5.8 out of 10. I dont agree with that rating.
user1: I will certainly watch the movie.
user2: Well i guess the conversation can end now. I think we talked enough. also, you might wanna update your browser, so next time you can see the info! :) It's helpful! :)
user1: Have a great day.

conversation:
user1: anyone here
user2: hi

conversation:
user2: Hi! Have you ever seen the movie The Great Gatsby
user1: I wonder if Gatsby ever what he wanted
user2: Ever got what he wanted? His lavish displays, parties, etc. seem to reflect that he didn't. Have you seen it?
user2: Hi, you there?
user2: If you have seen it, did you think it was worth the 190 million dollar budget?
user2: hello?  This is a great Leonardo deCaprio movie. Seen it?
user2: I am not gettting any response on this Baz Luhrmann movie. Do you know this director?
user2: I am going to abort this movie, The Great Gatsby. 

conversation:
user2: The Great Gatsby scored way lower on Rotten Tomatoes than I would have thought. 
user1: I agree.  With such a high star power cast in these roles I would think the critics would be more in love with the movie. 
user2: It is a very star studded cast. It's interesting that the introduction makes the connection to the novel, but the critical response seems to show that the novel was not really considered.
user2: do you typically like romantic drama movies?
user1: I enjoy them but they aren't my favorite.  Despite what most critics say about movies I like to judge for myself.  Do you go to movies based on what critics have said?
user2: I'm with you on that. I typically don't pay attention to critics or ratings. I would rather see the movie for myself
user1: Do you like movies where the actors are more well known?
user2: It really depends on who the actor is. What about you?
user1: Same.  But sometimes a big budget movie is more enjoyable to see than an indie film.
user2: Apparently we have similar taste. This movie seemed to have a big budget
user1: Do you also like period pieces?  
user2: I guess it depends on the time period it's set in. What about you?
user1: Yeah I like them.  I also like how the 20
user1: s  were represented here.
user2: I have to disagree with you on that one. One of the critics said it was trashy and as much as that made me laugh, it's true.
user1: That's funny.  But I did enjoy the introduction of the movie.  I like seeing the cast being introduced into their roles.
user2: Yea, they set the scene well with Jay and his doctor in the beginning
user1: I thought that Joel's take on Tom was very well portrayed.  He was quite intense.
user2: Well tom is a very intense character, he's easy to hate. Edgertor did do a great job of that with his minimal screen time.
user2: I didn't like the most critical part of the movie with the car accident. It seemed to be brushed over too quickly
user1: I wonder why they did that.  I think because Daisy is an unlikable character.
user2: Ah finally someone who agrees with that! she's selfish!
user1: Right!  She only seems to react emotionally.
user2: She lets Jay take the fall (and get killed!) for her irrational response and then just leaves with her husband like she suddenly loves him? ugh shes the worst!
user1: Even Nick, her cousin, is like "You people are the worst, I'm out of here"  
user1: Which was sad because he actually like Gatsby.
user2: Right? It sends him to a mental institute..
user2: because gatsby is the only likeable character.
user1: He even names his own memoir after his friend
user2: It's sad that gatsby died alone.

conversation:
user1: Have you seen this movie ?
user2: Yes have you seen it?
user1: No, but it seems interesting 
user2: Yeah it has an interesting cast and the reviews sound ok for it. 
user1: The rating isn't very good unfortunately. 
user2: Yeah I'm surprised it was rated so low on Rotten Tomatoes.
user1: What is your favourite cast member ?
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio. You?
user1: Also Leonardo. 
user2: I think he would do a good job as Gatsby.
user2: But apparently Joel Edgerton is a good actor too.
user1: Tobey Maquire has a good role too. Psychitrc hospital scene seems interesting.
user2: Yeah I wonder if that is the setup for the story or near the end. It seems a little unclear.
user1: Yes, it is totally unclear for me. 
user1: But I like his doctor idea to write down his thoughts. 
user2: Yeah that makes for a good framing device for the movie.
user2: The movie sounds a bit confusing with all the drama between Daisy and Gatsby and Daisy's husband. 
user1: It really does. I wonder if he really never attended Oxford.
user2: Well it says on the document that he wasn't a born wealthy person so maybe he just made up going to Oxford.
user1: Or maybe he really went there. But I would guess that he made it up.
user2: Yeah I think so too. I wonder how he met Daisy in the first place.
user1: Me too. Daisy though, she can't decide what she wants looks like. 
user2: Yeah she seems really indecisive
user1: It looks like it was a setup to have him killed. 
user2: I don't know because it sounds to me like she was just being irresponsible.
user1: Yes, that is right. I wonder why only Nick attented Gatsbys funeral.
user2: Well based on it saying Nick was talking about Gatsby in 1931 I guess he was a good friend.
user1: Yes, it seems like Nick really liked him. 
user2: Yeah I think so too.
user1: I think that Daisy should attend his funeral before she left.
user2: I wonder if it ever explains why she didn't.
user1: Hopefully because it is interesting. I wonder if there was something they had to run away from.
user2: It mentions a green light Gatsby looks at so maybe that relates back to everything.
user1: Maybe. 

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hello
user2: Have you seen the movie The Great Gatsby
user1: Seen What?
user2: The Great Gatsby
user1: What is it about?
user2: It's based off the F Scott Fitzgerald Novel
user1: Who plays in it?
user1: When did it come out?
user2: Leonardo Dicaprio is in it with his long time fram Tobey McGuire
user2: The movie will be 5 this year
user1: How long is the movie?
user2: The movie was not well received as it was not as good as the book
user2: It's roughly 2 hours long.
user1: That can be frustrating.  What was different about the story line?
user2: The movie is based on the view of Tobey McGuires character, as he is the narrator
user2: The movie just jumps around and takes away from the imaginiation of the book
user1: The novel was quiet sporadic  I do not know how the movie could be in worse shape.
user1: My apologies 
user2: No problem. The movie just jumps around 
user1: The movie is 2 hours long and is based off of a literature book of the 17th century? Is this correct
user2: Book is 20th century
user2: It's a book based in the Roaring 20's
user2: Basically Gatsby is this rich mysterious person that nobody really knows
user1: That time period was eventful was it not 
user2: Nick Carraway a writer becomes his friend and is a writer. 
user1: Is it about a race or swimmer?
user2: Neither. The book is about a love triangle
user1:  There is no pool in the novel or movie?
user1: Are there gas stations?
user2: There is a pool in the movie but it has no relevance

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: This movie looks interesting. Do you think it will be a good one?
user2: yes. i think leo will gave a really good performance 
user1: It looks like it's going to be  a lot of drama.  I've never read the book.
user2: me neither. just what i seen in the trailer
user1: I mean, who doesn't want to see a movie with Leo in it?
user2: yes. i seen the movie catch me if you can, and inception those movies are really goood
user1: A billionaire throws parties in hope of a girl he knows shows up.. that screams tear-jerker
user2: exactly. tobey maguire as his neighboor sounds interesting also 
user1: I wonder why Rotten Tomatoes only gives it a 5.8/10?
user2: yes. since it looks very promising movie 
user1: Nick goes from writing his thoughts down, to a full on novel about the whole thing. Brave man
user2: i wonder what they mean by actor joel edgerton as tom buchanan doing an excellent job in the movie
user1: hmm, good question. Wow, Daisy is married? Sounds like a crush from a distance type of thing for Gatsby
user2: i wonder how tobey and loe have good chemistry  with leo in the movie
user1: Who is Jordan? That someone Daisy is trying to play cupid with to get matched up with Nick?
user2: im not sure. but sound like something to look forward to
user1: Woah the drama unfolds! Ok i'm sold on this movie
user2: i really think this movie might be worth watching
user1: i wan't impressed at first, but now i'll be looking to watch this one. I don't know who to feel bad for, Gatsby, or Daisy. He actually takes the blame for Daisy?
user2: great gasby has really good ratings on imdb Rating: 7.3/10. its quite promising to watch
user1: hmm, They actually filmed this in Australia.
user2: this movie seems interesting how it takes takes in a different time
user1: I can't imagine having to endure all that Daisy lost back then. That must have torn her to pieces.
user2: can you belive the budget was $190million?? 
user1: lol the inflation on that! i've gotta watch this movie now, wow the emotional state's that one must feel. Hmm maybe i should go read the book first
user2: i would suggest that you do if you really are interested. then watch the movie
user1: for sure! I've never watched it because leo was still young with his acting.  This movie looks like it'll be an evolutionary performance

conversation:
user2: Hey there!
user1: Hi, what's the movie today?
user2: Today we have the Great Gatsby
user2: Have you seen it?
user1: Cool!  don't think I've seen that one.
user2: Really?
user2: You’re missing out on a very good movie
user1: I don't think so. Who are the main actors?
user2: It’s not excellent but you should definetely see it.
user2: Well, DiCaprio is Gatsby
user1: Oh, I believe I recall seeing ads on television, but I don't think I was able to see it yet.
user2: There’s also Tobey Maguire and Emily Foreman
user2: Did you read the novel in school?
user1: No, I don't believe that was one we had to read. Tell me a bit about it?
user2: So, there
user2: There’s this guy Gatsby and he’s super rich and loves to throw these big parties
user2: But he has a big secret and so on and so on.
user1: Okay, sounds intriguing. 
user2: It is
user1: What's the big secret?
user2: The guy is in love with a married wonan in the ‘20s, so that was absolutely prohibited 
user1: Oh, I'm sure it was a big no-no back then. 
user2: It was, and is in the movie
user1: Did she love him back?
user2: Unfortunately the reviews for the movie weren’t so favorable
user2: At first she did respond to his love, but later she rejects him
user1: What did he do after she rejected him, move on, or keep trying for her love?
user2: The husband sends someone to kill him... so that’s that.
user2: RT gave it a meager score of 48%
user1: Oh, yeah, that would probably do it lol. Is that the main story of the movie? The main plot?
user2: It is
user2: But there are a lot of subplots in between.
user1: Sounds pretty good. And I don't always think reviews are always right
user2: I don’t think so either
user1: I'm sure there's a lot about his luxurious parties?
user2: Most movies are great but get a very disappointing review or score
user2: There are lost of party sequences and the music is definetely on point in every scene.
user1: I agree, I'd rather get opinions from my friends and family that have seen the movies
user2: Well, great talk man! Cheers
user1: Hey, thanks for telling me about it. Sounds pretty good, I will check it out'

conversation:
user2: Hello! Did you like this movie?
user1: It was amazing. What was your opinion of it?
user2: i liked the movie but don't think it compared to the book by F. Scott Fitzgerald
user1: of course not movie ever really captures the moment, but I do believe it emphasizes the fact that we all die alone.
user2: did you think Leonardo DiCaprio played the role of Gatsby well?
user1: He was ok but not my forte.
user2: I agree with the review that Joel Edgerton was excellent as Tom Buchanana
user1: As do I he did a real solid job with the role.
user2: did you know they filmed this in australia?
user1: Wow, did not know that. I always thought it was more of a Hampton like city.
user2: what did you think about the parties he threw
user2: pretty extravagant huh?
user1: Amazing parties, but with the wrong people.
user1: His funeral Should have been a monument with as many people that attended the parties.
user2: agreed
user2: what did you think of Daisy?
user1: A strong but extremely deceptive woman
user1: willing to do whats necessary to get what she wants.\
user2: its a shame she had an affair
user2: with gatsby
user1: Very.
user2: I couldnt believe he admitted that he was born poor
user1: I could, to me it showed that he was able to make something out of his life .
user2: were you made that daisy and tom did not attend his funeral?
user2: mad**
user1: very, She knew he had affection for her 
user1: and he was just mad that she cheated on him
user2: i agree, i understand tom not going because of the affair. but it was messed up that daisy didnt either
user1: Very.
user1: Just adds on to the trust no one aspect.
user2: did you think it strange the whole movie had a narrator ?
user1: kinda, but it gave me the feeling of being there.

conversation:
user1: hello! How are you?
user2: Hi!
user2: I am doing well, and yourself?
user1: Great, thanks for asking!
user1: What movie are we talking about today(I can't see the document)
user2: Have you seen the great gatsby?
user1: No, unfortunately not, but I want to-my favorite book! Have hyou?
user1: Leo Decaprio is in it, right?
user2: Well i would love to tell you about it!
user2: So yes, Leonardo DiCaprio plays Jay Gatsby
user2: And Toby Macguire plays Nick Carraway
user1: He is good in almost every movie! Ah, a good cast!
user1: Is the movie close to the book?
user2: It follows along pretty well, but one critic says that to enjoy the movie, you have to put aside any literary agenda
user1: I agree with that, often the screen play is better adopted!
user2: It really shows the lavish lifestyle that Jay Gatsby had as a billionare hosting his wild parties at his house
user2: And it was cool being able to see what their rendition of the 1920s looked like, both in the life of a billionaire and a writer
user1: Oh, that sounds good, I'm sure it's a good portrayal-I always tried to imagine the scenery and that era while reading the book!
user1: The whole flapper time, liquor prohibition, etc., it was quite a time!
user2: What was your favorite thing about the book?
user1: How the author depicts these wealthy and snobbish people who could not care less about the "small" people around them but only consumed with their own greed and drive for wealth!
user1: And nothing every changed since them-just different times!
user1: ever
user2: Well I think the movie did a pretty good job portraying that
user2: Though I did find it rather interesting when Nick finds out that Jay was born penniless
user2: And that he made something of himself for his love, Daisy
user1: That would be a treat to see, I'm definitely seeing this movie soon-thank you for telling me about it!
user2: I got the feeling that Gatsby's main purpose in life was Daisy
user1: yes, his love for her
user1: it drove him to overcome everything that stood in the way-unfortunately the girl only cared for money!
user2: Do you like period piece movies?
user1: Love them: especially anything medieval and Vikings period!!
user1: how about hyou?
user1: are you still there?
user2: I do enjoy that a lot as well
user2: nice talking with you!
user1: you as well!

conversation:
user1: Hi!
user1: Lmao Gatsby is ridiculous right?
user2: Definitely. Parties every night, just to try to impress a girl.
user1: it reminds me of Darcy from Pride and Prejudice in the amount of straight guy struggling to get the girl lol
user2: It is excessive. She's already married to a different rich guy and has moved on.
user1: it doesn't seem like the movie itself was well received. I know the book is a classic
user2: Yes, I agree that putting aside your literary agendas is the best way to enjoy it.
user1: I vaguely remember the movie but all I remember was the cool costumes
user2: There were some crazy costumes. I enjoyed the spectacle of the whole thing--everything was so flashy.
user1: also "splashy trashy opera" is so accurate I'm dying
user2: So accurate. 
user2: I like that the movie is framed with Nick's time in rehab, telling the story of Gatsby.
user1: yeah exactly! I liked that it was told from outside point of view because if it were from Gatsby it would be like "why doesn't she like my epic parties?????"" lmao
user1: Apparently the green light is an important example of symbolism
user2: Gatsby's version would be boring. He would spend all of the time describing how great the parties are and how expensive everything is.
user1: lmao he really would. "I wore this fancy coat I got in paris and had fireworks..." seeing it from Nick's point of view was great
user1: also added a lot of suspense because you don't know what's gonna happen
user2: It's interesting that he describes Gatsby as hopeful, when he always just seemed sad to me.
user1: I guess he's hopeful in the wrong way? Like you can be hopeful if you have a reasonable chance, but Gatsby is just hoping for something that never is gonna happen, which yeah I agree makes him pretty sad
user1: damn this movie plot is a lot more complicated that I thought!!
user2: Yes, I was just trying to unravel the rest. Daisy is trying too hard to be on both sides of the issue.
user1: yeah it seems like she genuinly might actually like Gatsby but she's stuck with Tom
user2: She didn't wait for Gatsby to get rich and she settled for Tom, and now she has to stick with her choice.
user2: But Myrtle's death was shocking.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: You should go see Leonardo DiCaprio and Joel Edgerton in the Great Gatsby! The movie is Baz Luhrmann's interpretation of the F Scott Fitzgerald novel of the same name
user1: Is it a historical time piece movie?
user1: What is the name of the movie?
user2: The movie is The Great Gatsby! It is Not really a time piece -- it is a romantic drama set in the Roaring 20's in New York State. The movie follows the life and times of millionaire Jay Gatsby
user1: Who plays the female lead?
user2: Carey Mulligan plays Daisy Buchanan -- she is the female lead. 
user1: Did it win any awards?
user2: Are you still there?
user1: Yes. Did the movie win any awards?
user2: No, it wasn't an award winner. Your best bet it to put aside any literary agenda you are tempted to bring with you and you'll enjoy the movie more that way. 
user1: Are there any other famous actors in it besides Carey Mulligan and Leonardo DiCaprio?
user2: The movie also stars Tobey Maguire as Nick Carraway and Emily Foreman as Pammy Buchanan. The other remaining star is Joel Edgerton, as I already mentioned
user1: Is there any violence in the movie?
user1: What rating is the movie?
user2: I'm not sure about that, but did you know the the story centers around Nick Carraway's trip to stay at the small cottage beside his cousin Daisy Buchanan's home? It is set in the 20's and follows the life of Jay Gatsby
user1: What rating is the movie?
user2: The rating of the movie is 48% average (or 5.8) out of 10 on Rotten Tomatoes
user1: Is it a PG movie, PG 13, or R?
user2: Maybe you can look that up online! This movie recounts as Gatsby tells Tom of his affair with Daisy. Tom accuses Gatsby of having neverattended Oxford and having made his fortune through bootlegging with mobsters. Daisy says she loves Gatsby but cannot bring herself to say she never loved Tom. Eventually,both Gatsby and Daisy leave. After fighting with George over her infidelity, Myrtle runs into the street and is fatally struck by Gatsby's car after mistaking it for Tom's. After learning about Myrtle's death, Tom tells George that the car belongs to Gatsby and that he suspects Gatsby was Myrtle's lover. Nick deduces Daisy was the driver, though Gatsby intends totake the blame. Nick overhears Daisy accepting Tom's promise to take care of everything, but he does not tell Gatsby. Gatsby admits to Nick that he was born penniless; his real name is James Gatz. What a story!
user2: Hello?
user1: It sounds like a complicated storyline. Is it easy to follow?
user2: Yes, very! The plot is interesting, but ultimately it is not a conventional movie adaptation but moreso a splashy, trashy opera, a wayward, lavishly theatrical celebration of the emotional and material extravagance that Fitzgerald surveyed
user1: Does it have a happy ending? 
user2: I wouldn't want to spoil the ending completely, but it doesn't end happily. Should I give away the ending to you?
user1: Yes I would like to know the ending. 
user2: The day after the accident, Gatsby hears the phone ringing and thinks it's Daisy. Before he can answerit, he is shot and killed by George, who then commits suicide. Nick is the only person otherthan reporters to attend Gatsby's funeral, as Daisy and Tom are leaving New York. Themedia paints Gatsby as Myrtle's lover and killer. Disgusted with both the city and itsinhabitants, Nick leaves after taking a final walk through Gatsby's deserted mansion andreflecting on Gatsby's ability to hope. In the sanatorium, Nick finishes typing his memoir,titling it The Great Gatsby. See, not so happy...but still very interesting! You should watch it!
user1: Sounds riveting. How long is the movie?
user2: I don't recall exactly - you could look it up online
user1: Does it follow the book closely?
user2: It is not a conventional movie adaptation, therefore, the best way to enjoy the film is to put aside whatever literary agenda you are tempted tobring with you

conversation:
user2: Hello pal
user2: are you there?
user1: Hi there, have you ever seen The Great Gatsby?  It's a great movie starring Leonardo DiCaprio, Toby Maguire, Carey Mulligan, and Emily Foreman? 
user2: nope I haven't
user2: what about it?
user1: It's a great movie that came out in 2013 about a mysterious man and his fortune.  It had a 48% or 5.8/10 review on Rotten Tomatoes, even though I believe it should have scored much higher.
user2: I almost said the movie would not be too good to have sucom rotten tomatoesh ratings fr
user2: *Such
user1: It's actually a really great movie I couldn't believe the ratings on Rotten Tomatoes when I saw then.
user2: I meant to say such ratings from rotten tomatoes
user2: who directed the movie and probably you might want to tell me who wrote it
user1: This here document say's that Joel Edgerton is the stand out actor in the movie but Leo takes the cake.  The Movie was directed and co-written by Baz Luhrmann.
user1: Ever heard of him?
user1: It is based on the 1925 novel of the same name written by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
user2: The name does not ring any bell dude
user2: I see 
user2: i guess the movie must be a documentary genre 
user1: It's based on the story about a man in 1931 named Nick Carraway a WW1 Vet.
user2: Go on please, I do love movies about the World wars
user1: He recieved treatment for Alcohol at a hospital where he talks about this Jay Gatsby guy.
user2: you mean Nick Carraway was an alcoholic?
user1: Yes and Jay Gatsby is a billionaire and everything that Carraway ever wanted to be in life.
user1: He kinda invents him.
user2: Hmm
user2: Is it a thriller, comedy, or biography?
user1: It's like a drama, maybe slightly romantic in a way.
user1: Gatsby gets the women, the money, the respect, and the attention.
user2: Ok go on tell me more about it
user2: Carraway must feel bad for getting less of those things I guess
user1: Yes he does so he writes the story of The Great Gatsby who does get those things.
user2: And what later became of him?
user2: or should I ask how it all ended?
user1: He moves to New York where he writes about this empty mansion that Gatsby owned and held huge parties for the elite.  Eventually they find out he is a shame and he is killed for stealing his old love back from a rich buisiness man.  In the movie Gatsby fells into the pool before dying.
user1: Nick meets Gatsby in real life though and before he dies he admits he was born peniless.
user2: you mean Gatsby was involved in something bad which got him killed?
user2: who admitted to be born penniless  please?
user1: Yes, Gatsby wasn't intimidated by anybody and admitted to being born penniless.  He eventually gets caught up with his ex-lover which in turn gets him shot and killed by her new lover.
user2: oh I see, what a shame, and tragic death I'd say
user2: anyways thanks for the heads on, maybe I might see it eventually, but it does not sound too convincing to me
user1: Yep, before he dies he admits that he wasn't Gatsby but James Gatz and that he played the role to make something of himself and win his lovers heart.
user1: It's fine, I never wanted to see it based on name and description until I stumbled on it on day.
user2: He lived a fake life in short?
user1: Yes, based on an imaginary character that Nick wrote.
user1: Moves into an abandoned mansion and everything.
user2: thanks dude,
user2: catch you for another review soon
user1: How do we finish?

conversation:
user1: hello?
user2: hello
user2: hello

conversation:
user1: Hello! Did you receive the paragraph ?
user2: The movie is The Great Gatsby (2013) which was directed by Baz Luhrmann and received a rotten tomatoes score of 48%. Its Metacritic score was 55/100 and CinemaScore was a B. The movie is about Jay Gatsby played by Leonardo Di'Caprio who is a famous billionaire and hosts parties at his mansion.
user1: why is it called The Great Gatsby ?
user2: After the character Jay Gatsby as he was known to host the best parties but his motive was in hopes of Daisy coming to the party. She is his former lover.
user1: ok. Leo chooses diverse characters..
user2: The movie wasn't received too well by critics as some claimed: "intractably wrong with the film is that there's no reality to heighten; it's a spectacle in search of a soul".
user1: Famous billionaire throwing lavish parties awaiting his ex lover, sounds old school romantic. Soul search en route :)
user2: Yes it definitely resonates with the Roaring Twenties (New York) which is when the movie takes place. 
user1: New York definitely saw some great theater and music in the twenties. Have not watched a lot of Luhrmann's work
user2: I haven't either but I enjoyed The Great Gatsby as I like romantic dramas. What is your favorite genre?
user1: I like Comedy then Mysteries, Thrillers, Nature/Animal documentaries. But a well made Period drama is refreshing
user2: Yes, so in The Great Gatsby, the story is being told by Nick Carraway who is a WW1 veteran who becomes an alcoholic. Per recommendation of his doctor, he takes up writing his thoughts but soon abandons it and moves to New York to a small house which happens to be right next to Jay Gatsby's mansion. 
user1: Sounds very interesting, moving to New York and next to Gatsby mansion can be therapeutic ..
user1: So does Gatsby befriend Carraway and a friendship begins ?
user1: Or Carraway just observes from his little house ?
user2: Carraway is actually Daisy's cousin (Gatsby's former lover) who is now married to Tom Buchanan. Tom dislikes Gatsby due to his new money status and previous relationship to Daisy. Carraway does seem to observe from his house.
user1: That does make it more interesting. Carraway has to be curious about his cousin and why did Daisy choose to marry Tom instead of Gatsby ?
user1: Also Gatsby being wishful for his former lover to show up at one of his parties.
user2: Yes that is to be curious about since it is not quite clear why Daisy is with Tom instead of Gatsby.
user2: Daisy claims she loves Gatsby but at some point she did love Tom.
user1: I think that is where the whole soul searching part comes in.
user2: Gatsby actually confides in Carraway that he was born without money and that he asked Daisy to wait for him until he made something of himself.
user1: Also it seems to tell Daisy's perspective on love as well.
user2: Yes it's quite confusing as to why she didn't wait for Gatsby if she still loves him.
user1: In the twenties, women were expected to marry young and wealthy prospects for security 
user1: How long did it take for Gatsby to become rich ?
user2: That is true, it is not quite clear how long it took him but it may have been years as Daisy did not wait. Gatsby still has hope for his relationship with Daisy and one day his phone rings and he thinks it is her but he is shot by George who is a man that thinks Gatsby had an affair with his wife. George commits suicide after killing Gatsby and Carraway roams Gatsby's deserted mansion at the end.
user1: Quite poetic ending. 
user2: Yes I believe so too but quite sad as well as Gatsby died without Daisy.
user2: Carraway is the only person other than reporters who attend Gatsby's funeral.
user1: True, one wishes they could have at least one conversation before he gets shot. It is tragic to make it big and die without your love; because of her !
user1: Very sad indeed.
user1: Thank you for your apt observations

conversation:
user2: The Great Gatsby is a film with Leonardo Dicaprio. 
user1: hello
user1: hi
user1: which 

conversation:
user1: So it appears this movie was not well recieved
user2: it would appear, they called it a trashy opera.. lol
user1: lmao... Gatsby is so ridiculous, "hoping that Daisy will show up"
user2: they should have stayed true to the book.
user2: idk i liked the book, but i guess its hard to relate this day and age
user2: i just noticed it was filmed in australia?
user2: hello u there

conversation:
user2: hi there
user1: how are we doing today?
user2: how are you
user1: doing well and yourself?
user2: fine thanx and you
user2: so, do you like movies?
user1: i do enjoy a good movie, my favorite genre is probably comedy, i love to laugh. and yourself?
user2: Have you ever heard of the movie Great Gatsby
user1: i have heard of this movie,yes. but i have never saw the movie
user2: it was launched in 2013
user1: interesting
user2: and it is a wonderful movie with a star as Leonardo Dicaprio
user1: he is a wonderful actor indeed
user2: as you like the comedy this is a Romantic Drama one
user1: great. how are the reviews?
user2: if you want you can see it reviews at Rotten Tomatoes
user1: i will have to check it out
user2: it is a great role for Leonardo Di Caprio as a famous billionaire who hosts wild parties at his house hoping that Daise the girl he has a feeling to come at his parties
user1: this sounds very interesting, is it based off the book?
user2: It is a movie which talks about 1920'sand 1930's
user1: i love older movies
user2: yeah, it is a great movie based on a 1925 novel of F. Scott Fitzgerald
user1: i will have to certainly see this movie now
user2: I recommend  you because the Critical Response has good reviews  expect some of them are to critic
user2: one of the stand out actor is Joel Edgerton
user2: did you know him?
user1: i don't believe i'm familiar with him
user2: He did an excellent job of showing the character's gruffness
user1: do you know if the movie is a long one?
user2: this movie is a spectacle in search of soul
user2: it run for 142 minutes
user1: a long one indeed

conversation:
user2: Hey
user1: Good morning!
user2: how are you?
user1: We are discussing The Great Gatsby (the new version). I am great thanks!
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: I did not
user1: I am looking at the critics scores and I am kind of surprised how low they are. I thought it was really good!
user1: And I'm very picky.
user2: I didn't know there was an updated version
user1: Baz Luhrman directed it.
user1: Well new as in in 2013.
user2: So you liked it?
user2: I read the book
user1: Yeah I really did. Leo DiCaprio plays Gatsby, and Tobey Maguire the writer.
user2: Leo looks the part
user1: I'd like to brag and say I read the book, but, well not so much.
user1: Yeah he was excellent.
user2: That was one of those deep books
user1: And I usually can't stand Tobey Maguirre, but he did a good job as well and was quite believable.
user1: Carey Mulligan played Daisy and I enjoyed her performance also.
user2: So the movie was pretty easy to understand the plot?
user1: I thought the visuals in this film were extraordinary. Great directing.
user2: Was it true to the time 
user1: Yeah it was. I know it was an F. Scott Fitzgerald book and somewhat autobiographical.
user1: Yes it was set in the roaring '20s.
user1: I love that time period.
user2: yeah I had to read it in college and it was a little tough to get all the symbolism
user1: Yeah I imagine the book was difficult.
user2: I will have to check out the movie
user2: would it be a good date movie?
user1: It would definitely be a great date movie!
user2: I'll have to stream it since it was from 2013
user1: The visuals are very original.
user2: That sounds good
user1: Yes I am sure it is available. We are all good, have a great day!
user2: You too

conversation:
user1: Hey! How are things going today?
user2: Going well. You?
user1: Fine - it looks like spring is about to happen her.
user1: Have you seen that movie?
user2: Yes, I have seen the Great Gatsby. It surprises me that with the big names in the cast that critics didn't like it better
user1: I know! I didn't see it but I saw the trailer and it did look good. At least spectacular.
user1: Did you like it?
user2: I'm not s big fan of the story line in the first place, plus the book is way better. 
user1: That I don't doubt. It's a classic after all. And Baz Luhrman tends to turn everything he touches into an extravaganza.
user1: Did you like the work of Joel Edgerton in it though?
user2: I really did. Tom is so unlikable and he did a great job making you hate his character. He deserved more screen time
user1: I usually love it when actors make unlikable characters interesting.
user1: I usually love Carey Mulligan but I suspect she was just OK in that movie.
user2: Personally I just hate Daisy's character. She is selfish and has no real understanding of herself, so it was personally hard to like her no matter the actress. 
user1: I see what you mean.
user2: I think that Macguire does a good job with the introduction of the movie in the opening scene though. He really takes you back.
user1: I like him as an actor most of the time.
user2: From the beginning, he really makes you like Gatsby and tries to explain how good of a friend he was.
user1: And although I don't really like Di Caprio as a person, I think he often does a good job in movies.
user1: It's kind of a risky casting though - Tobey Macguire and Di Caprio together don't look like a likable pair.
user2: Agreed. The dynamic is interesting. Do you typically watch movies set in specific time periods?
user1: It depends. If a movie looks good or it's by a director I like I will. But I'm not necessarily a fan of period pieces. They often feel stuffy to me.
user2: I agree with that. It's not exactly my thing either.
user1: For this I feel that Luhrman was really attracted to the star potential and the lavish sets he could use in the movie, and not so much in the story.
user2: Yea, he seems to like the extravagence more than anything else. 
user1: I don't think he ever made a movie that was not over the top in terms of splashiness.
user2: haha right!? Stick to what you know i guess
user2: If you ever do watch the movie, the scene from the plaze through the end of the movie is the climax of it all.
user1: Yeah... I think with him it's more like he can't help himself - he has to spread it thick.
user1: Is it worth watching the movie though?
user1: I like intense movies as much as anyone else and sometimes a few good scenes will make it worthwhile for me.
user2: Personally, I would say no. One of the critics said it best, it's a just spectacle. 
user1: I know. If the guy was a fashion designer, everything he'd do would be covered in sequins and glitter.
user1: So there is no touching moment in the movie?
user2: Thats the thing though, the scenes that are supposed to be super intense and make the movie/book, are rushed through and not given enough time.They spend more time focusing on Gatsby's parties, not on the real plot.
user1: Ha! Not a big surprise though.
user1: Well, gotta go, it was fun chatting with you.

conversation:
user1: Hi!
user1: The movie is the great gatsby!
user1: Would you like to hear about it?
user2: yes I would
user1: It was made in 2013
user1: It is a Romantic Drama directed by Baz Luhrmann
user1: And got a rating of 48% on rotten tomatoes and a CinemaScore of B
user2: who plays in the movie
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio plays Jay Gatsby, a famous billionaire who likes to host wild parties.
user1: Tobey Maquire plays Nick Carraway, a wanna be writer who lives next door to Gatsby
user1: Carey Mulligan plays Daisy Buchanan, Gatsby's former lover 
user1: Emily Foreman plays Pamela Buchanan
user1: And Joel Edgerton plays Tom Buchanan, an upper class socialite who hates Gatsby and is now married to Dais, Gatsbys old love
user2: what part did you like the most about the movie
user1: I liked that it is a period piece, based off of F. Scott Fitzgerald's 1925 novel
user1: You really get to see the lavish lifestyle of a millionaire back in the roaring twenties
user1: In New York state
user2: I love that it has a modern twist to it 
user1: Yeah, and the actors really make the movie
user1: But its important to let go of the literary agenda if you have read the book
user1: The movie had a $190 million budget, and i think it really shows
user2: yes the actors they picked really made the movie great 
user1: The movie actually starts in 1931 where Nick Carraway is getting help for alcoholism at a psychiatric hospital, where he meets Jay Gatsby, who he states is the most hopefuly man he had ever met
user1: He begins to write down every, which starts the movie in the summer of 1922
user1: Nick had moved from the midwest to New york after abdonding his writing, and rents the house right next to Gatsby.
user1: Nick's cousin is Daisy Buchanan, who is married to Tom Buchanana
user2: and Gatsby who nick lives by is in love with daisy who lives right across  the water from them
user1: Yep!
user2: do you usually watch movies like The Great Gatsby
user1: Yes, I love movies like this. Especially ones based on books and from earlier times
user2: Me too I love watching older movies or older based movies
user2:  there was another Great Gatsby movie based on the book too, It was made in 1974
user1: There some a big conflict between Tom and Gatsby. Gatsby tells Top abuot his affair with Daisy, and Tom accuses Gatsby of never having attended Oxford and saying he got his money through the mob. 
user1: Daisy says she loves Gatsby, but cannot bring herself to say she never loved Tom
user2: They both eventually leave
user1: Then there was the issue with Myrtle getting hit by Gatsby's car, but Nick realizes that Daisy was the driver, though Gatsby took the blame. 
user1: He then tells Nick how his real name was James Gatz and he was born penniless, and he asked Daisy to wait for him until he made something of himself
user1: kind of a sad love story
user2: yes 
user1: Then Gatsby is shot and killed by George, Myrtles husband, then commits suicide.
user1: It was a really sad ending
user2: what part of the movie is your favorite
user1: I loved the parties
user1: I loved seeing what millionaires lived like in the 20s
user1: all the costumes and outfits
user1: What do you think of this type of movie?
user2: this type of movie is good  I like how they bring it to life 
user2: and to see the way they used to dress back then it interesting
user1: Oh yes, definitely

conversation:
user2: good cast in this one
user1: Leo DiCaprio is a boss. Excited about anything he's in.
user2: I agree, tho I haven't seen a bunch of his recent stuff.
user1: Interesting critic reviews too. I'm not familiar with the rest of the cast, but I'm horrible with actor names.
user1: Look at that 3rd review, its so frickin odd lol
user2: Tobey Maguire is fine, it seems like people weren't too down for this adaptation
user1: or *critical response
user2: at least it gave a way to enjoy the film. 
user1: oh yeah, I do know Tobey. he's also pretty solid
user2: i think they are just saying to watch it for its own worth and not to try and relate it to the book
user1: yeah i agree. unique critique 
user2: I like the ww1 drunk writer storyline.
user2: it feels pretty current even though it's generations ago at this point
user1: yeah it immediately puts me in that state of mind and easy to imagine 
user1: yeah I agree, I suppose I kind of like it when movies do that
user2: i wonder what makes movies with so much talent and good stories do poorly.
user1: can't have a movie without a relationship, and sometimes an affair
user1: have you ever read the great gatsby?
user2: I have not, you?
user1: no, i was going to ask how the scenes compared
user2: some good twists and turns there. man those were the good old days, when you could become rich as a bootlegger.
user1: pretty juicy stuff, I'll probably read about this gatsyby guy later
user2: I guess those were the drug dealers of the 1920s
user2: damn!
user1: one person at the funeral.. guess he wasn't so "Great"
user2: meh
user1: lol you were right about the twists. and they just keep coming
user1: "reflecting on his ability to hope"
user1: dang
user2: yeah, thats great. i'm confused about where George comes in tho
user1: he's not even included in the main cast
user2: who tf are myrtle and George?
user1: yeah they seem a little out of place
user1: i guess they needed to fill some story in a hurry
user2: they must swing in the same circle.
user2: I don't like Tom
user2: well that seems like it
user1: "upper class socialite" eww
user1: yeah
user2: take it easy
user1: same. cya

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user2: This was a great movie! How did you like it?
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio is one of my favorite actors.
user1: Hey
user1: I agree
user1: You've seen it then?
user2: Yes i have!
user1: I have not, but I know the story
user1: It also has Carey Mulligan, I love her.
user2: Yes and Tobey Maguire.
user1: Guess what the ratings are from Rotten Tomatoes and CinemaScore...
user1: I was surprised by this
user2: Yes, I was surprised as well. 
user2: I have seen worse movies get higher ratings.
user1: I generally would not watch a movie with 48% though, would you?
user2: No I would not. That is why it is surprising
user1: I really don't know much about CinemaScore or what that really reflects.
user2: Especially if it is a story like Great Gatsby.
user1: I'm not familiar with the director, Baz Luhrmann...are you?
user2: I can say that a 5.8 out o 10 is pretty low.
user2: *of
user1: Yeah, I agree. I generally don't watch things below 7/10 unless someone I trust recommends it. Life is just too short.
user2: i do not think I have heard of him either.
user1: I'm reading the storyline here, but I guess it follows the book, which I have read many times.
user2: Maybe the director could have been a factor in the low rating
user1: Have you read the book?
user1: It seems like most people do at some point in school...
user2: Yes I read it many years ago in school.
user2: It is one of the classics.
user1: Agreed.
user1: Would you watch it again? 
user2: It is always fun seeing a classic turned into a film.
user2: Yes, I would watch it again. It is a visually stunning film.
user1: Huh. Was there anything that stood out to you other than the sets and costumes (I'm assuming)?
user2: It also takes place during and interesting time. 1931.
user1: Yeah.
user2: You should definitley see it. It is worth the time!
user2: I reccomend it to anyone. 
user2: Have a nice nightT
user1: Awesome, to me, that is a sign of a good movie. Thanks!
user1: I'll take that recommendation
user2: Cool! Goodbye.
user1: ciao

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: hi! I'm reading the document
user1: Wow, the reception for this movie was pretty bad.
user1: Do you agree that when you watch a literary movie, that it's best to put aside the book?
user2: I think it's a good movie.
user2: I have never read the book, so I've no opinion on that.

conversation:
user1: Hello?
user2: Hello
user2: I just finished reading the document about The Great Gatsby
user1: Oh that sounds interesting. Did you enjoy the story?
user2: Yeah, the story is very intriguing. The document is about the 2013 adaptation of the 1925 novel.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user2: how are you today?
user1: Hello! I am doing well. How about you?
user2: Great, thanks for asking!
user2: Have you seen this movie before?
user1: So today, I'm here to tell you about The Great Gatsby. Yes, I just watched it.
user1: I was a fan of the book. And I think Leonardo DiCaprio is pretty great. 
user2: Oh great, I'm dying to watch this movie, my favorite book!
user2: He is great in almost every movie
user2: Did they do it according to the book?
user1: The art style is pretty amazing, I like the art deco era. And I agree! he's amazing in any role.
user2: I'm dying to see how they portrayed this glamorous time, art deco, flappers, etc.
user1: I thought they did okay for a book to film adaptation. I think it did more to show the Roaring Twenties and less of the "American Dream Dying" feel of the book. I suppose I had a different image of the book all together, it almost felt bleak in the book, even if it was described well. As if, in my head, the book had this almost de-colored view, dim, but the movie was bright and colorful
user2: That's very interesting, I thought that the book was on the depressing side as well
user2: but yes, the roaring twenties are very colorful and bright!
user1: They made Nick less of that third party onlooker involved and made him a recovering alcoholic. The whole point of the book was really to have Nick be unrelated and just watching it all unfold. If I remember right, they made Nick Daisy's cousin instead of some completely unrelated third party. And yes, ahh the colors are great.
user1: I'd still watch it just for the roaring twenties.
user1: It didn't score that greatly, probably because of the whole not 'exactly' book to movie thing, but sometimes scenery and time period are enough to tell it's own story
user2: yes,a great era of liberation and the theme of how the wealthy always care about money as the bottom line while the rest of the world  can die off for all they care!
user1: Whenever I'm reading books that are made into movies, I try to treat them as two seperate things, in order to not be disappointed. And yeah. Very sad!
user2: I read the book back in high school-but isn't there a scene where someone gets hit by a car and Daisy just could care less?
user1: Oh the person that got hit by the car was Daisy's Husband's affair person, the mistress, and Daisy hit her, but it was generally an accident. People thought Myrtle was Gatsby's lover, it was a tangled mess. But Nick was like, I'll take care of it! in the movie.
user2: yes, very sad!
user2: I'm definitely interested in watching this movie, would be a nice break from all the super heroes movies and Marvel movies out there!
user2: Not a whole  a lot of movies to stimulate the intellect these days lol!:-)
user1: True, it's good to get something different in the mix. I like watching 'old time" movies. I mean, I've seen a few from the 1930s themselves, in black and white, and their stories are great.
user1: I think it's funny they cast Tobey Maguire as Nick Carraway, because I just am like, Spiderman??
user2: YEs, definitely, I love drama and period movies, especially medieval and viking!
user2: Oh , really, that's funny!
user1: I was always confused about what Tom (Daisy's Husband) saw in Myrtle in the book, as she was an overweight rude lady, compared to Daisy who just a pretty airhead without a thought.
user2: I guess he just got tired of her
user1: In the movie, at Gatsby's Funeral (Not in the book of course), every reporter painted Gatsby as Myrtle's lover and killer though. Depressing.
user1: Yeah, hard to stay attracted to a pretty airhead.
user2: yes, beauty isn't everything, she was stupid and cold!
user2: Thanks so much for telling me about this movie, I'll definitely give it a try, I hope you have a great day!
user1: Well, I hope you see it! I'm going to head out now. Thanks for talking with me!
user2: Thank you again, take care!

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello! what do you think about the ratings?
user2: a bit low i think
user2: i enjoyed the movie
user1: Me too, they seem pretty low
user2: people are hard to impress these days. as one critic says, just put your literary expectations aside and enjoy it
user1: I agree, it's enjoyable to watch without expectations of the right adaptation of the book 
user2: yes, and the acting was good too. I enjoyed watch Leo
user2: Funny, how the movie was shot in Australia
user2: (incidentally, i worked on it :)
user2: do you watch movies if you discover a low rating?
user1: I still do if I think it will be interesting
user1: Or if I think it will be entertaining if I agree that it's poorly made 
user1: What about you?
user2: oh yes, sometimes low ratings indicates the population missed the point. that can indicate a cerebal movie with less repetitive action
user1: Very true, the ratings are usually a reflection of the masses from my experience
user2: but ratings alone is not a real gauge anymore, for example netflix is done away with 5 star rating system and gone percentage which is slightly retarded
user1: Yes they can be very skewed
user2: Baz luhrmann is an interesting director, not my taste personally, but still watchable. Do you inherently dislie his movies
user2: ?
user1: I'm not sure if I've seen any of his other movies. Gatsby was visually appealing but I would argue it's lacking in substance. Perhaps that's a characteristc of Lurhmann
user2: i think he is quite the visionary, and the production standard is always high. I enjoyed first season of the 'get down'..
user2: do you think the use of 3D in the movie was warranted?
user2: oops, there is no mention of 3D...
user1: I'm not sure if there was 3D or not, if there was I don't remember it standing out at all, which is pretty common in a lot of movies 
user2: is there anything else we should discuss about this movie? did you think everyone was cast properly?
user2: Leo was good, and Carey. Tobey, i can't get past spiderman personally
user2: didn't like Joel, didn't feel American enough
user1: I liked Leo, Carey, and Tobey well enough, though I thought there wasn't enough chemistry between Leo and Carey to make the love story believable, since it was such a big focus of the movie
user2: yes, that was probably Leo's acting dilemma :)
user1: Joel didn't stand out to me in any particular way which is a contrast to the critics' view
user2: he was great in that other baz movie, R+J
user2: perhaps the reviewer was Australian..
user1: Do you agree with any of the key scenes standing out?
user2: not particularly.
user2: ( i wonder what this mturk task is about )
user1: Not sure, I think to build a movie chatbot to answer viewer questions on movies
user2: yeah., that would be a hard job. are we allowing ourselves to be replaced with AI
user2: by training it ..
user1: haha, maybe eventually... though it wouldn't be able to give any personal/individual opinions 
user2: no, especially for next to no money :)
user2: it was a spectacle in search of a soul, that i agree with
user2: but an enjoyable spectacle it was, and that's what escapism is all about in the end
user1: Definitely agree on the enjoyable escapism. Thanks for talking today!

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hey have you ever seen the great gatsby(2013)
user2: I have!
user1: It's a good one
user2: It was great.
user2:  did it get any reviews?
user1: I think It was underrated on rotten tomatoes
user1: only like 48%
user1: CinemaScore was a B though
user2: Oh really?
user2: That's crazy low.
user1: I've heard some call the movie a "spectacle in search of a soul"
user2: That's accurate
user1: MetaCritic gave it 55%
user1: You ought to write a review and bring the ratings up
user2: I'm sure that would work haha
user1: Do you generally watch Romantic Dramas?
user2: Who was your favorite character?
user1: I liked Nick Carrayway 
user1: His role as narrator really tied the movie together 
user2: Yeah but mostly comedies
user2: Oh yeah he was great
user1: Have you seen any other movies with Leonardo DiCaprio in them lately? 
user2: No but I like his acting. Have you?
user1: No I think the last one I saw was The Great Gatsby
user1: Why Don't I remember George killing gatsby and himself though?
user1: I guess that was at the end?
user2: Yeah I forgot about that part too.
user2: Also I don't think it was made out to be that obvious...if it even happened in the movie. I don't remember it either now that I think about it.
user1: And Nick was the only one who went to his funeral
user1: I guess that was the closing scene 
user2: Oh wow I need to watch it again. I forgot a lot of it.
user1: I really did too. We both should watch it.
user1: I still can't believe how low the reviews were.
user1: Do you find that you generally disagree with movie reviews?

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: hello
user1: Have you seen Great Gatsby?
user2: yes i was seen
user2: It was a great movie
user1: What about the cinema score?Do you think it deserves the B
user2: Cinema score is very good
user2: yes definitely deserve it.
user1: What do you think about Leonardo DiCaprio as Jay Gatsby ?
user1: Did he do a good job?
user2: i enjoyed alot
user2: yes he did a very well job
user1: Did you know that the movie was based on 1925 novel by Scott Fitzgerald?
user2: i think so
user1: Some critics say that this was a trashy opera of the emotional extravagance
user1: What do you think about the girl Daisy played by Carey Mulligan?
user2: Great stories
user1: Ok.What do you think about the scene when Jay Gatsby tells Tom that he was having an affair with his wife Daisy?
user2: yes wife curious about daisy and she is right
user1: I feel for Nick Carraway, he is a World War I veteran, who was receiving treatment for alcoholism.
user1: What about stand out actor Joel Edgerton as Tom Buchanan?
user1: He played well.
user1: Despite his flat one dimensional character.
user2: very well
user1: The ratings are not very good, though.
user1: 5.8 out of 10
user2: But the movie was very good
user1: I think so as well.
user1: Do you know anything about director Baz Luhrmann?
user1: I have never heard of him before? Do you?
user2: Yes he was a great director
user1: What about genre of this movie? Do you like to watch romantic movies, dramas?
user2: Too much romantic movie
user1: Did you know that this film fallows the life and timeline of millionaire Jay Gatsby?
user1: This was the scenery of the 20s in New York State. I like that timeline. A lot of good things happened at that time.
user1: So will you watch this movie again?
user1: Would you  shared this with your friends?
user1: Are you still there?
user2: yes i am
user2: yes i want to watch this movie again
user1: Ok. That is nice. I feel the same way
user2: ok
user1: Ok. I think we got enough  to finish our conversation.
user2: good bye dear
user1: Have a nice day
user2: thanks
user1: Thank you as well.

conversation:
user1: Hello how are you?
user2: Hey good you?
user1: Great! The Great Gatsby is a great film! Great cast like Leo DiCaprio and Tobey Magquire
user2: Ya I really liked it but I didn't know they spent $190M on this movie haha
user2: that seems a lot I wonder where they spent all that money for 
user1: I guess the reviews are lukewarm and mediocre at best. But it wasn't that bad
user1: Especially I think it was a good adaptation of the novel!
user2: ya I expected the ratings to be better than that 
user2: and Leo did a really great job in the movie too 
user1: Yes I agree with you on that! Great Jay Gatsby on Leo's part
user2: and Carey Mulligan was a great choice as Daisy as well
user1: Considering the novel came out in 1925 (from Introduction) and the story takes place in 1931 :)
user1: I find this interesting
user2: oh I didn't know that that is interesting a
user2: also didn't know  nIck was a veteran
user1: yes that's interesting. I like it when Nick rents a house near Gatsby's mansion 
user2: and I agree with the last critical response Joel Edgerton portrayed Tom Buchanan really well
user1: There is something about this bootlegging business.. and there we have Nick suffering from alcoholism
user1: Oh you liked Joel Edgerton's portrayal? you have a good taste !
user1: I felt the movie had too much drama with affairs and stuff
user2: yup he seemed like a good choice as a upper class socialite
user2: yes there were the whole movie was basically all about affiair between Daisy and Gatsby 
user1: Yes and well that is the reason Joel Edgerton hates Gatsby
user2: I like the scene where Gatsby is waiting for Daisy to show up at the party he hosted 
user1: Oh yes. Did you like the dynamics between Gatsby and Daisy characters?
user2: I did they had a good chemistry
user1: I quite agree. I like their character development 
user2: although the scnee where Gatsby was killed wasn't my favourite 
user1: Yeah now his mansion is all deserted
user1: well.. it was nice talking to you !
user2: you too! 
user1: You have a good night !
user2: have a good night 

conversation:
user1: Hi, there! I'm looking to watch a movie tonight. Any thoughts?
user2: I think this movie The Great Gatsby is great
user1: Really? I'm interested! Who made it?
user2: Baz Lurhman directed it
user1: I haven't seen any of his pictures. Who's in it?
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio is one of the stars
user1: Oh, I like him. Who else?
user2: Me too
user1: Who else is in it?
user2: TObey McGuire is also in it
user1: What kind of reviews did it get?
user2: Not so good but I disagree
user1: So you saw it? That's good to know! Just for grins -- and I often disagre eiwth them -- what did Rotton Tomatoes say?
user2: they gave it 48%
user1: Oh, my, they must have disliked it! What's the general plot line?
user2: Its about a mysterious millionaire and a love triangle.
user1: Oh, two great concepts. Where does it get sticky?
user2: The girl has to chose between two guys
user1: Ah. Then what?
user2: One of the guys told the other that the girl was seeing him
user1: Ah. Rich guy (I'm assuming) tells (I'm assuming again) poor, but honest, guy?
user2: You got it!
user1: And she is caught between what she really wants and what she really wants, right?
user2: Right, its really quite gripping
user1: Oh, yes, the best movies are made of this stuff! That and mistaken identity! I'm assuming she runs away from the marriage alter before the kiss and into the arms of the poor guy?
user2: Lmao I wont tell it all, but I will say there is blood shed
user1: Ooooh. Well, no girl ever really feels appreciated without a little bloodshed between her rivals. Is it a happy, sad, or wistful ending?
user2: Yea I agree
user1: Do we have a happy ending?

conversation:
user2: Hello
user2: Are you able to see the movie information?
user1: Hello! And yes. You should watch a movie called The Great Gatsby.
user2: Oh is it a good movie?
user1: It is! It has a huge production budget of almost $200 million, so it's likely very pretty
user2: WOW that is a lot of money to put into a movie.  What kind of movie is it?  Drama? Comedy? Mystery?
user1: It's a romantic drama. If you have any interest in the Roaring 20s, you'll really enjoy it since it's set in that time period.
user2: I do like the 20's.  Are there dance scenes?
user1: I'm not sure, but a critic said it was a "lavishly theatrical celebration" so it wouldn't surprise me if there were a few dance scenes.
user2: I can imagine it.  Where is it set?
user1: It's set in New York state
user2: Who are the main characters or actors I should say?
user1: There's Jay Gatsby, played by Leonardo DiCaprio, Nick Carraway, played by Tobey Maguire, Daisy Buchanan, played by Carey Mulligan, Pammy Buchanan, played by Emily Foreman, and Tom Buchanan, played by Joel Edgerton
user1: Jay Gatsby is a famous billionaire, and Nick Carraway is his neighbor.
user2: I have never heard of Cary Mulligan, Emily Foreman or Joel Edgerton, have they played in any large movies before?
user1: I'm not sure, but they must be pretty talented if they're in a movie with two big-name actors
user2: So what does "Jay Gatsby" do in this movie?
user1: Jay Gatsby is having an affair with Daisy Buchanan, who is married to Tom Buchanan. His fortune is also from a questionable origin--he may have made his money as a bootlegger
user2: So there might even be some good scenes regarding some old school gangs.  I have always like the old style cars.  So does Tom catch Jay and Daisy? 
user1: Actually, Gatsby confesses the affair to Tom himself!
user2: Yeow, how does that end?
user1: Well, I don't want to spoil it for you, but know that there are even more lovers in the mix and a vehicular homicide
user2: So it sounds as if it is a movie that is really involved.  I guess it isn't one that you can leave the room for any amount of time?
user1: Maybe, but you could make sure to take care of going to the bathroom/getting popcorn before it starts!
user1: Then again, it came out in 2013, so if you watch it at home, you can pause it whenever you want :)
user2: Ha ha, yes it would be great to watch at home, pop all the cheap popcorn I want and pause whenever I want.  I think I might just have to get it.  So how does DiCaprio do in the part?
user1: The film has a B on CinemaScore, so pretty well!
user1: There's a lot of intrigue, and the whole story is framed as Nick Carraway's memoir that he's writing from a sanatorium. Exciting stuff.
user2: Thank you for advising me to watch the movie.  I actually am going to rent it or get it from the local library to watch.  Never have had an interest until you told me a few things about it.
user1: Great :) I hope it's a fun watch for you.
user2: I'm sure it will be.  Have a great night
user1: You too
user2: Bye

conversation:
user1: Have you seen this movie
user2: No, but I heard a lot of good things about it.
user2: But it looks like it got a bad Rotten Tomatoes rating
user1: I saw it a couple years ago. I didn't really care for it. It was one of the movies I just hoped it would get better. It didn't :)
user2: Oh well that's good.  I guess maybe if it's on TV I'll watch it and form an opinion on my own.  I did read the book though a long time ago.
user1: I don't usually go by critics or rotten tomatoes ratings. If a movie would interest me, I would see it
user1: Actually I got it from the library since it's free and you can keep it for a week. I'm glad I didn't pay for it.
user2: Yeah, sometimes the critics have a taste completely different than yours
user1: exactly. Critics usually love let's say the oscar nominated movies and I look at them and wonder why
user2: I know.  Most of the the Oscar nominated movies I never even heard of.  I wonder if this movie won any?
user2: Well another page loaded, and it's just more reviews.
user1: love the review about trashy opera. Pretty much does describe some parts of the movie
user2: I remember the trailer being really splashy, but I didn't have any interest to see it.
user1: The splashy parts of the trailer were pretty much the better parts of the movie.  It was one of those movies you liked it or you didn't. I thought it was ok
user2: You'd think with that $190 million budget they would make a better movie, lol.
user1: :) I can't disagree there. I've seen better movies made with less budgets. Hard to say what movies these days are going to make money. I would say black panther is an example of it. Say it. Liked it. just can't see the hype about it.
user2: Well great, now they're spoiling the movie for me.  Well, I did read the book though so you could say I was already spoiled.
user1: Trust me, the book was better :) 
user2: I like this review, it almost sounds poetic "it's a spectacle in search of a soul"
user1: that's a good one. Very amusing. 
user2: Hmm, what else to talk about.  Well I certainly think the CinemaScore is an odd one.  From the other scores, perhaps A "C" grade would be better.
user1: Definitely a C grade is more appropriate. the director. Baz Lurmann. I've figured long time ago his movies are sometimes a bit on the odd side. Either they're good or they're not.
user2: Ah, another Key Scene.  Well since you saw the movie, what was your favorite scene, if you remember? 
user1: Key scenes. Ack. Leonardo dicaprio didn't even know how to die right in the movie. he had this weird look on his face and then fell in the pool. 
user2: Heh heh, so the best scene is when the movie finally ended.
user1: exactly. But I'm not a huge Leonardo fan. he's ok, just not a draw for me. He looked too young against most of the other actors in the movie.
user1: If I was channel surfing, I would stop and watch it. Maybe. I'm just glad I didn't go to the movies and pay to see it.
user2: Yeah, I would hate to pay over $8.00 to watch this in the theater.  Thank goodness there's Netflix!
user1: I watch stuff on amazon prime. And movies around here at night are almost 15.00.  I go in the morning when they are 6.00 
user1: yay we can finish conversation. Bye bye. Nice chatting :) 
user2: Bye bye, nice chatting

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: Hello! Have you seen The Great Gatsby?
user1: I don't know if I have, have you seen any good movies?
user2: Gatsby is one of the greatest movies out here. Written based on an American Classic.
user2: It has Leonardo DiCaprio in it. 

conversation:
user1: I just saw The Great Gatsby, Leonardo plays such a great role
user2: i hear it was a good movie
user1: Yeah it's about this guy named Jay Gatsby and he's a billionaire
user1: He throws all kinds of wild parties at his place
user2: there is a book of the same title 
user2: I believe the novel was written in 1925
user1: yes, you are correct
user1: It was written by F. Scott Firtzferald
user1: Fitzgerald too
user2: the story is a classic and i hear that Toby maquire played a good role as Nick Carraway
user2: who played Daisy in this version
user1: yeah
user1: Carey Mulligan is Daisy
user2: I can see her in that role
user1: I didn't know who she was until the movie
user2: I am always dissapointed when the movie is not as good as the novel
user1: I like Baz Luhrmann as a director
user1: that happens a lot of the time
user1: I have found myself reading a book after the movie
user2: I Tnink he is a good director but i hear the movie lack reality and was a spectacle in search of  a soul
user1: Baz is eccentric with his directing
user1: It did only get a B from CinemaScore and 48% on Rotten Tomatoes
user2: And this movie i hear was very colorful 
user1: I guess you could say that
user2: the critics mention one stand out actor which is Joel Edgerton as Tom Buchanan
user1: yeah, but he wasn't as memorable for me
user2: Because the focus was on Gatsby and nick and daisy his character was a bit gruff and one dimenional
user1: I agree as it was more about them and their love story
user2: Gatsby never did get daisy back and he met a tragic end
user1: It unfortunate that there was no happy ending 
user1: that's rare for movie goers
user2: sad that only nick and a reporter attended his funeral 
user1: after throwing all the wild and lavish parties, he was still a lonely person
user2: that just because they thought he had money they didnt care about him
user1: yup
user2: If the movie is half as good as the book then i would watch it

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user2: Did you like the Great Gatsby?
user1: I personally liked this movie, but it doesn't look like it was very popular according to Rotten Tomatoes and Metacritic
user2: CinemaScore gave it a B
user1: Did you like the movie?
user1: I agree with that score
user2: I feel like Leonardo Dicaprio did a good job
user1: Yes he did. He played Jay Gatsby very well
user1: I don't recall the actress who played Daisy, she does not sound familiar to me.
user1: The critical response seems to think that the movie was not true to the book
user2: The other characters did okay I dont really like Toby Maguire
user2: It was little like a opera though
user1: In the cast list it says Carey Mulligan was Daisy, which part did Isla Fisher play?
user2: Not sure 
user2: Dont agree stand out actor is Joel Edgerton either
user1: It is interesting the movie was filmed in Australia
user2: Yes that is
user2: I
user2:  believe it is a less conventional movie adaptation though
user1: True. How do you think it was like an opera?
user2: It was a okay story but it could be over the top
user1: I agree about Joel Edgerton, his character was flat
user1: It doesn't seem like it could really be a true story
user2: Yes good story but seems a little embelished
user2: Could be why it was searching for a soul
user1: Emotional and material extravagance and a huge gap in class
user2: No reality to heighten story to get you to connect
user1: Gatsby was a self made man and Tom inherited
user1: Perhaps Gatsby's hopeful nature made it possible for him to earn his fortune and live his lifestyle
user1: I wonder why nobody else attended Gatsby's funeral besides reporters and Nick.
user2: y
user2: yes gatsby was born penniless
user1: It is a tragic story
user2: Probably because media painted him as a killer
user1: That is what makes the story so good.
user2: it is very dramatic
user1: I enjoy dramatic stories

conversation:
user1: HEllo
user2: Hey!
user1: I enjoyed leonardo dicaprio in the film
user1: but I felt that the film was weak overall
user2: He is a great actor
user2: As someone who read the book, I felt the movie did not live up to the book
user1: The 190 million dollar budget seems to have been wasted on weird effects that didn't help with the immersion of the 20s
user2: That is funny huh, in order to appear to be in the past you spend 190 million how ironic
user2: I also found it to be ironic that they filmed the movie in Australia and not new york
user1: I think they would have an easier time recreating small new york sets rather than changing new york as it is almost 100 years
user2: I have never heard of Carey Mulligan, Emily foreman, or joel edgerton
user1: neither have I
user1: I recall the scene described though it has been some time
user1: ugh this sucks dude
user2: how much longer do you think?
user1: no clue
user1: I dont remember reading the book, even though I did in 8th grade
user2: Last time I did this type of chat it was for Catch me if you can, another Leo movie 
user1: mturk for leo lol
user2: they should play clips of the movie while we wait
user1: the death scene was a tragic part of the movie
user2: How do you think Gatsby made his fortune? do you reckon it really was from bootlegging?
user1: and I remember when gatsby reveals his true name, I didn't believe him
user1: I think it was probably not, he seemed much higher class than that
user2: The fact that he knew Daisy for years baffled me
user1: i agree
user1: if we keep talking back and forth it updates
user2: og okay
user1: see?
user2: now i understand
user2: that makes sense
user1: It was tragic that nick ends up in a sanatorium
user2: i forgot that gatsby dies
user2: how sad
user2: what is a sanatorium?
user1: it is an insane asylum 

conversation:
user2: Hello 
user1: Good evening!
user2: I am interested in hearing about the movie 
user1: I'm supposed to tell you about The Great Gatsby actually.
user2: Great! please tell me about it 
user1: It's a romantic drama that came out in 2013.  It's based on a novel with the same name.
user2: Can you tell me a little about the plot? 
user2: Who is the main character?
user2: are you still there 

conversation:
user1: So what is the movie that you are watching?
user2: I am watching the Great Gatsby.
user2: It is the updated version with Leonardo DiCaprio.
user1: Is the acting good?
user2: The acting is good.
user1: I heard it had good visuals but was sort of boring
user1: Did you think the movie was too long?
user2: I've never read the book. So I didn't know what to expect.
user2: The visuals are really good.
user2: Lots of great colors and good backdrops.
user1: Is there a lot of action in the movie or is it more drama
user2: It is more of a drama.
user1: Does it have interesting costumes and design for the period
user2: Not a whole lot of action.
user2: Yes, I think it does.
user2: The ladies costumes are really nice.
user1: how about the musical score
user2: It's ok. The music and stuff could be better.
user2: You would watch this movie more for the characters.
user2: The music kind of seems out of place.
user1: like from a different time period?
user1: what other actors are in the movie other than Leo?
user2: No, it just doesn't seem to fit.
user2: Tobey Maguire is in it.
user2: That's the only other actor I know.
user2: The other people I have never heard of.
user1: why character is he?
user2: Carey Mulligan, Emily Foreman, Joel Edgerton
user1: hm I don't know them either
user1: just Toby maguire and leo
user2: Tobey is Nick Caraway.
user2: It's kind of a sad movie.
user1: yeah I remember that from the book
user1: although it's been like 15 years since I've read it
user2: I thought this would be more of an upbeat movie.

conversation:
user1: I personally did not care for this movie. I thought the music did not fit the movie, Jay-Z isn't meant for the early 20's and there was too much green screen. I would rather see actual sets than the actors in front of a green screen.
user2: I don’t understand why movie critics expect these types of movies to be literarily accurate. The point is to entertain an audience not give them an English lesson.

conversation:
user2: The Great Gatsby is a romantic drama released in 2013 that offers Baz Luhrmann's interpretation of the novel of the same name by F Scott Fitzgerald. 
user1: Hmm, that sounds like a good movie I should see. How is the acting?
user2: The standout actor is Joel Edgerton as Tom Buchanan. He did an excellent job portraying the character's gruffness

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: Hi. This movie, The Great Gatsby, was a really good movie, I think. How about you?
user1: I never seen the movie but it does have Leonardo Dicaprio in it and he is good actor
user1: The movie does not have good ratings it seems
user2: Yes, he played a famous billionaire who hosted wild parties. It also has Tobey Maguire in it also. 
user2: Yes, the ratings arent bad. It has a cinema score of a B
user1: It seems Tobey plays Nick and is Gatbys neighbor
user1: It is a romantic/ drama sounds interesting
user2: Yes. it is based on the 1925 novel The Great Gatsby bu F Scott Fitzgerald.
user1: The critical responses don't seem that good either
user2: The production of this movie began in 2011 with a budget of $190 million.
user1: Its kinda of an old film, however, that is a very good budget to have
user2: Nick Carraway, who was played by Tobey Mcguire, is a World War I Veteran who is receiving treatment for alcoholism at a psychiatric hospital.
user1: Sounds like an interesting character Tobey played
user1: The film was directed by Baz Luhmann never heard of him
user2: Yes, it is. His Doctor suggested that he write his thoughts down because that is his passion. After he abandoned his writing though, he moved to New York from the Midwest in the summer of 1922  
user1: Good thing for him to do
user2: I didn't either before this movie. Nick moved into a small house in the North Shore village of West Egg, next to the mansion of Gatsby.
user1: Yes, it seems Gatsby wants Daisy back
user2: Yes. Daisy says she loves Gatsby, but cannot say that she ever loved TOm.
user2: Gatsby and Daisy eventually leave. Poor Myrtle after fighting with George, runs into the street and is fatally struck by a car
user1: Yes, their relationship seems veryto the story
user2: Yes it does. It was Gatsby's car that struck Myrtle. Tom told George that it was Gatsby's car too.
user1: Poor Myrtle
user2: I know. It is a shame that George shot and killed Gatsby then took his own life.
user1: Wow, what a ending
user2: The only people to attend Gatsbys funeral was Nick and reporters. 
user1: Just reporters and Nick wow
user1: Nick was still writing his memoir
user2: Yeah, and to top it off, the media paints Gatsby as Myrtle's lover and killer.
user1: Very interesting
user1: I think I will rent this movie on Amazon
user1: Thanks for chatting
user1: I enjoyed your insight
user2: Yes, you should, its is a very good movie.
user1: I will have a great afternoon

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hi
user2: Whats this movie about?
user2: Hello?
user1: It follows the life of Jay Gatsby and his neighbor Nick Carraway, who recalls his encounter with Gatsby at the height of the roaring 20s in New York.
user1: Gatsby is a billionaire
user2: It looks like many peple like it according to the ratings
user1: Not really on Rotten tomatoes its only got a 48% rating.
user2: I thought the fact that DiCaprio was in it made it better than that
user1: Sometimes an actor doesn't make a movie good.
user2: Yes That is true. What d you think of the plot
user1: It is exciting to see Nick finally see the man he pretty much looks up to
user2: Yes. I think that is the best part. What do you think the character Daisy is like?
user1: From the looks of it, it seems as if she is a good person that is just stuck in between 2 men that she loves
user2: Yes. It was a complicated situation for them
user1: What do you think about the overall movie?
user2: I love the plot and the costumes. I also love the casting.
user1: Do you generally like romantic movies?
user2: Yes I do. They are some of my favorites. Do you like them?
user1: It depends. My favorite types of movies are action packed thrillers.
user2: I like those too. This movie seemed to have only a little action in it.
user1: What do you think about Jay Gatsby?
user2: I like him but I am curious about how mysterious he is.
user1: It doesnt seem like Nick Carraway knows what kind of person Jay Gatsby really is
user2: He doesn't. He just looks at all the glamour and is drawn in by it

conversation:
user2: Hello
user2: How are you today?
user1: Im good. how are you?  Have you seen this movie?
user2: Which movie?

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hi
user1: How do you like the movie The great Gastsby?
user1: It rated 48% on Rotten tomatoes
user2: I really like it's story and characters and the cast as well
user2: I've never seen it actually, I'm only relying on this document
user2: have you seen it?
user1: Yeah. Kind of fair rating. 
user1: I would think
user1: It came out in 2013
user1: I t has a pretty good cast though
user2: it does
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio and the rest 
user2: I'm kind of surprised it has on average 5/10 on ratings; I thought it was higher rated
user1: And it's a rematic drama
user2: since it's also kind of famous, isn't it?
user1: Sort of
user2: which do you think is the best actor in the cast?
user1: Maybe Leonardo 
user1: The story line is not bad
user1: A vetner, Nick Carraway, in 1931 received treatment for alcoholism 
user2: yeah and I like the fact that Nick is the narrator of the movie
user1: Me too
user2: of*
user1: I usually like dramas with veterans in them in general
user2: yeah, me too
user1: Their's also some romantic affairs going on in the movie
user2: yeah and they're really intricate aren't they?
user1: Gastsby affair with Daisy 
user1: Yeah
user1: Gatsby also shot and killed someone
user2: I didn't expect Gatsby dying 
user2: yeah and Nick remains the only one writing down his memories
user1: Yeah
user2: which turn out being The Great Gatsby
user1: Yes
user2: I like this way the story ends up
user1: Not bad

conversation:
user1: Hello.
user2: Hi, how are you?
user1: Good.
user1: Seen The Great Gatsby?
user2: No, I've never seen it.
user1: It has Leo Dicaprio.
user1: I call him Leo cuz I'm a fan.
user1: j/k
user2: Oh, really? I've heard he is a great actor.

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: Hello! I love the Great Gatsby!
user1: have you seen the movie?
user1: tell me what you know about it
user2: I have, in theatres and I own it
user1: briefly tell me the story
user2: It is a wildly theatrical version of the book directed by Baz Lurhmann 
user2: (moulin rouge guy)
user2: It tells the story of Gatsby, a rich playboy type who hosts lavish parties at his house in hopes that his former lover Daisy will show up
user1: waoh thats a good movie
user1: I need to see it
user2: I love the book, and I love the director's adaptation of it
user1: oh thats nice
user2: The whole story is told through the eyes of Nick Carraway
user1: I love seeing leonardo Dicaprio in a movie
user2: he moves in next door to gatsby, turns out Daisy is his cousin
user2: Leo is so dreamy! And such a good actor
user1: yes he is
user1: I need to see the movie
user1: what a good storyline
user2: The thing is, Gatsby's whole exsistence rests on getting Daisy back
user1: does Leonardo DiCaprio( Gatsby) hosts parties in his house?
user1: and I heard is a billionairre\
user2: He has created this character of himself, made billions, and all for her
user2: He does host the parties at his house, which is across the lake from her house
user2: he hopes she will show up
user1: oh, thats cool
user1: which famoust actor is also in the movie?
user2: Tobey McGuire plays carraway
user1: oh, thats cool
user2: he is meh
user2: I am not a huge fan of his
user2: and Carey Mulligan is Daisy. She is great
user1: what a great movie
user2: Leo really is the vehicle tho
user1: was it nominated for oscar ?
user2: Maybe? Not for best screenplay tho

conversation:
user1: Hello! Did you receive the paragraph ?
user2: The movie is The Great Gatsby (2013) which was directed by Baz Luhrmann and received a rotten tomatoes score of 48%. Its Metacritic score was 55/100 and CinemaScore was a B. The movie is about Jay Gatsby played by Leonardo Di'Caprio who is a famous billionaire and hosts parties at his mansion.
user1: why is it called The Great Gatsby ?
user2: After the character Jay Gatsby as he was known to host the best parties but his motive was in hopes of Daisy coming to the party. She is his former lover.
user1: ok. Leo chooses diverse characters..
user2: The movie wasn't received too well by critics as some claimed: "intractably wrong with the film is that there's no reality to heighten; it's a spectacle in search of a soul".
user1: Famous billionaire throwing lavish parties awaiting his ex lover, sounds old school romantic. Soul search en route :)
user2: Yes it definitely resonates with the Roaring Twenties (New York) which is when the movie takes place. 
user1: New York definitely saw some great theater and music in the twenties. Have not watched a lot of Luhrmann's work
user2: I haven't either but I enjoyed The Great Gatsby as I like romantic dramas. What is your favorite genre?
user1: I like Comedy then Mysteries, Thrillers, Nature/Animal documentaries. But a well made Period drama is refreshing
user2: Yes, so in The Great Gatsby, the story is being told by Nick Carraway who is a WW1 veteran who becomes an alcoholic. Per recommendation of his doctor, he takes up writing his thoughts but soon abandons it and moves to New York to a small house which happens to be right next to Jay Gatsby's mansion. 
user1: Sounds very interesting, moving to New York and next to Gatsby mansion can be therapeutic ..
user1: So does Gatsby befriend Carraway and a friendship begins ?
user1: Or Carraway just observes from his little house ?
user2: Carraway is actually Daisy's cousin (Gatsby's former lover) who is now married to Tom Buchanan. Tom dislikes Gatsby due to his new money status and previous relationship to Daisy. Carraway does seem to observe from his house.
user1: That does make it more interesting. Carraway has to be curious about his cousin and why did Daisy choose to marry Tom instead of Gatsby ?
user1: Also Gatsby being wishful for his former lover to show up at one of his parties.
user2: Yes that is to be curious about since it is not quite clear why Daisy is with Tom instead of Gatsby.
user2: Daisy claims she loves Gatsby but at some point she did love Tom.
user1: I think that is where the whole soul searching part comes in.
user2: Gatsby actually confides in Carraway that he was born without money and that he asked Daisy to wait for him until he made something of himself.
user1: Also it seems to tell Daisy's perspective on love as well.
user2: Yes it's quite confusing as to why she didn't wait for Gatsby if she still loves him.
user1: In the twenties, women were expected to marry young and wealthy prospects for security 
user1: How long did it take for Gatsby to become rich ?
user2: That is true, it is not quite clear how long it took him but it may have been years as Daisy did not wait. Gatsby still has hope for his relationship with Daisy and one day his phone rings and he thinks it is her but he is shot by George who is a man that thinks Gatsby had an affair with his wife. George commits suicide after killing Gatsby and Carraway roams Gatsby's deserted mansion at the end.
user1: Quite poetic ending. 
user2: Yes I believe so too but quite sad as well as Gatsby died without Daisy.
user2: Carraway is the only person other than reporters who attend Gatsby's funeral.
user1: True, one wishes they could have at least one conversation before he gets shot. It is tragic to make it big and die without your love; because of her !
user1: Very sad indeed.
user1: Thank you for your apt observations

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: how are you?

conversation:
user1: Hello?
user2: Hi
user2: The movie is The g
user2: Great Gatsby
user1: Oh OK, what is it about?
user2: THe directoris the infamous Baz Luhmann
user2: It is is a very romantic film
user2: About a famous billionaire who hosts wild parties at his house
user1: I see, and where does the story go from there?
user2: He tries to make Daisy his love show up.
user2: It is a very romantic movie that would be great to watch in theaters
user1: Where is this set?
user2: This movie is set in Australia
user2: with a 190 million dollar budget, because monyw can cover great movies
user1: What are the themes of the film?
user2: The theme would be a romantic love story
user1: Does daisy show up to his parties?
user2: Well, I really think you should watch this movie. The best way to find out is to come to the theatre and watch this aazing film.
user2: amazing
user2: What genres of moves do you like?
user1: It sounds interesting, but I don't have a good feel for the plot
user1: I understand it is a love story
user1: but I don't understand the character's motivation
user2: What genres of moves do you like?
user2: movies
user1: Mostly comedy, historical fiction, dramas, action, and art films
user2: When you watch this movie not that, there is much drama portrayed on the screen and they are very dramatic, I can tell you this from my own experience.
user1: What about the portrayal is dramatic?
user2: As well, there are many funny moments and the art in the background is a great sight to see
user2: Well the actors are very well known and they have experience bringing drama to the big screens.
user1: I understand that this is a love story but I'm wondering what about this film makes it dramatic
user1: It is good to hear the actors are well known
user1: Who is the lead?
user2: t
user2: The lead is Leonardo DiCaprio as Jay Gatsby.
user1: Oh he is quite good.
user1: Who plays daisy?
user2: I liked this scene, where Gatsby tells Tom about his affair with with Daisy. There is much drama when Jay tells him that Daisy never loved him
user2: Cary Mulligan as Daisy Buchanan
user1: Do they fight over daisy?
user1: Well I must thank you for your recommendation.  I'm certainly interested to see the film!

conversation:
user2: We're going to talk about the Great Gatsby
user1: I've never seen this one. 
user2: Do you know what year it was released?
user1: 2013.
user2: Who is the star of the film?
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio plays Jay Gatsby.
user2: Who does Tobey Maguire play?
user1: Nick Carraway.  
user2: What about Carey Mulligan?
user1: Daisy Buchanan
user1: How did you like the scene Carraway and Gatesby talk in the hospital? 
user1: What did you think about the critics? 
user1: How about the budget?  That seems like a lot of money.
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio usually makes the movie.

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: Hello!
user2: So, you have got to see this movie! It's called The Great Gatsby.
user2: User 2 left the chat

conversation:
user1: Hey! Did you like the movie The Great Gatsby?
user2: Yeah. I did. What about you? 
user1: Sure! But the reviews aren't great 

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello! what do you think about the ratings?
user2: a bit low i think
user2: i enjoyed the movie
user1: Me too, they seem pretty low
user2: people are hard to impress these days. as one critic says, just put your literary expectations aside and enjoy it
user1: I agree, it's enjoyable to watch without expectations of the right adaptation of the book 
user2: yes, and the acting was good too. I enjoyed watch Leo
user2: Funny, how the movie was shot in Australia
user2: (incidentally, i worked on it :)
user2: do you watch movies if you discover a low rating?
user1: I still do if I think it will be interesting
user1: Or if I think it will be entertaining if I agree that it's poorly made 
user1: What about you?
user2: oh yes, sometimes low ratings indicates the population missed the point. that can indicate a cerebal movie with less repetitive action
user1: Very true, the ratings are usually a reflection of the masses from my experience
user2: but ratings alone is not a real gauge anymore, for example netflix is done away with 5 star rating system and gone percentage which is slightly retarded
user1: Yes they can be very skewed
user2: Baz luhrmann is an interesting director, not my taste personally, but still watchable. Do you inherently dislie his movies
user2: ?
user1: I'm not sure if I've seen any of his other movies. Gatsby was visually appealing but I would argue it's lacking in substance. Perhaps that's a characteristc of Lurhmann
user2: i think he is quite the visionary, and the production standard is always high. I enjoyed first season of the 'get down'..
user2: do you think the use of 3D in the movie was warranted?
user2: oops, there is no mention of 3D...
user1: I'm not sure if there was 3D or not, if there was I don't remember it standing out at all, which is pretty common in a lot of movies 
user2: is there anything else we should discuss about this movie? did you think everyone was cast properly?
user2: Leo was good, and Carey. Tobey, i can't get past spiderman personally
user2: didn't like Joel, didn't feel American enough
user1: I liked Leo, Carey, and Tobey well enough, though I thought there wasn't enough chemistry between Leo and Carey to make the love story believable, since it was such a big focus of the movie
user2: yes, that was probably Leo's acting dilemma :)
user1: Joel didn't stand out to me in any particular way which is a contrast to the critics' view
user2: he was great in that other baz movie, R+J
user2: perhaps the reviewer was Australian..
user1: Do you agree with any of the key scenes standing out?
user2: not particularly.
user2: ( i wonder what this mturk task is about )
user1: Not sure, I think to build a movie chatbot to answer viewer questions on movies
user2: yeah., that would be a hard job. are we allowing ourselves to be replaced with AI
user2: by training it ..
user1: haha, maybe eventually... though it wouldn't be able to give any personal/individual opinions 
user2: no, especially for next to no money :)
user2: it was a spectacle in search of a soul, that i agree with
user2: but an enjoyable spectacle it was, and that's what escapism is all about in the end
user1: Definitely agree on the enjoyable escapism. Thanks for talking today!
