wiki document:
cast:
Jesse Eisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg
Andrew Garfield as Eduardo Saverin
Justin Timberlake as Sean Parker
Armie Hammer as Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss
Max Minghella as Divya Narendra

critical response:
David Fincher's film has the rare quality of being not only as smart as its brilliant hero, but in the same way. It is cocksure, impatient, cold, exciting and instinctively perceptive.
The Social Network is the movie of the year. But Fincher and Sorkin triumph by taking it further. Lacing their scathing wit with an aching sadness, they define the dark irony of the past decade.
The biographical part takes liberties with its subject. Aaron Sorkin based his screenplay on a contentious book, Ben Mezrich's The Accidental Billionaires, so everything that's seen isn't necessarily to be believed.

director:
David Fincher

genre:
Biographical, drama

introduction:
The Social Network is a 2010 American biographical drama film directed by David Fincher and written by Aaron Sorkin. Adapted from Ben Mezrich's 2009 book The Accidental Billionaires: The Founding of Facebook, A Tale of Sex, Money, Genius and Betrayal, the film portrays the founding of social networking website Facebook and the resulting lawsuits. It stars Jesse Eisenberg as founder Mark Zuckerberg, along with Andrew Garfield as Eduardo Saverin, Justin Timberlake as Sean Parker, and Armie Hammer as Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss. Neither Zuckerberg nor any other Facebook staff were involved with the project, although Saverin was a consultant for Mezrich's book.[3] The film was released in the United States by Columbia Pictures on October 1, 2010.

movie name:
The Social Network

rating:
Rotten Tomatoes: 96% and average: 9/10
Metacritic Score: 95/100
CinemaScore: B+

year:
2010

description:
In October 2003, 19-year-old Harvard University student Mark Zuckerberg is dumped by his girlfriend Erica Albright. Returning to his dorm, Zuckerberg writes an insulting entry about Albright on his LiveJournal blog and then creates a campus website called Facemash by hacking into college databases to steal photos of female students, then allowing site visitors to rate their attractiveness. After traffic to the site crashes parts of Harvard's computer network, Zuckerberg is given six months of academic probation. However, Facemash's popularity attracts the attention of Harvard upperclassmen and twins Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss and their business partner Divya Narendra. The trio invites Zuckerberg to work on Harvard Connection, a social network featuring the exclusive nature of Harvard students and aimed at dating. 
Saverin and Zuckerberg meet fellow student Christy Lee, who asks them to 'Facebook me', a phrase which impresses both of them. As Thefacebook grows in popularity, Zuckerberg extends the network to Yale University, Columbia University and Stanford University. Lee arranges for Saverin and Zuckerberg to meet Napster co-founder Sean Parker, who presents a 'billion dollar' vision for the company that impresses Zuckerberg. He also suggests dropping 'The' from Thefacebook, just calling it Facebook. At Parker's suggestion, the company moves to Palo Alto, with Saverin remaining in New York to work on business development. After Parker promises to expand Facebook to two continents, Zuckerberg invites him to live at the house he is using as company headquarters. 
Throughout the film, the narrative is intercut with scenes from depositions taken in the Winklevoss twins' and Saverin's respective lawsuits against Zuckerberg and Facebook. The Winklevoss twins claim that Zuckerberg stole their idea, while Saverin claims his shares of Facebook were unfairly diluted when the company was incorporated. At the end, Marylin Delpy, a junior lawyer for the defense, informs Zuckerberg that they will settle with Saverin, since the sordid details of Facebook's founding and Zuckerberg's own callous attitude will make him highly unsympathetic to a jury. After everyone leaves, Zuckerberg is shown sending a friend request to Albright on Facebook and then refreshing the webpage every few seconds as he waits for her response. the world in Superman's absence. After they leave, the dirt atop Clark's coffin levitates. 

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: hello there, I have not seen this movie so im going to take a minute to look it over :)
user1: Alright that is fine. What is the movie?
user2: The movie is The Social Network
user1: I have not seen that one either.
user2: It appears to be like a biographical movie about Mark Zuckerberg and when he creates Facebook.
user1: Ohh yes I remember hearing about that movie, but it was a long time ago it feels like.
user2: Rotten Tomatoes has rated it 96% so that's decent, and it is a movie from 2010
user2: may be worth watching!
user1: Yes I think it could be, although I personally do not like facebook as a company.
user2: the movie portrays the founding of social networking website Facebook and the resulting lawsuits. It even has Justin Timberlake in it, I don't think I've ever seen him act. 
user1: I have not seen him in any movies in years
user1: Any other big name actors in it?
user2: hmm so I just got a scene described to me, it turns out Mark was dumped so he made a blog about her ... kind of childish.... then he made a site for people to "rate" women on looks...the college put him on porbation. and then that captured the attention of two classmates , that how the trio came to work on facebook I guess.
user1: So it came out of Mark being kind of a douche, Makes sense when I think about the company 
user2: Jesse Eisenberg, Andrew Garfield, Armie Hammer , and Max Minghella, not famailiar with any of those, id have to look on IMBD
user1: I am not familiar with any of them either
user2: another scene came up, i guess this site was just for hrvard but then they expanded to Yale, Columbia, and Stanford... sounds very elite like lol
user1: Seems like it was intended for the elite, but he saw the amount of money to be made by globalizing it
user2: and go figure Sean Parker who co founded Napster is in on it with Mark to make Facebook, i guess he is the one who persuaded him to drop the THE  as it was called Thefacebook originally
user1: removing the word "the" was a smart choice atleast
user2: yeah, flows a bit better I suppose so you can say "facebook me" lol
user2: ah new scene, talking about all the lawsuits that came against him. 
user1: I feel like he has always been in trouble for the way he operates then
user1: Now it is the way he markets ads by listening through the phones
user2: ending sounds weird, they said it ends with him sending a friend request to his ex who dumped him.  ironic.
user1: Im sure that was just for the hollywood effect
user2: yeah, he is a very selfish type of person I think in reality
user1: I agree

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: Hey
user1: What is the name of the movie
user2: The Social Network
user1: Good name
user1: Who is the main character
user2: It is a great movie, You should watch it sometime. The main character Jesse Eisenberg plays Mark Zuckerberg who is the founder of Facebook.
user1: Interesting. Is it a biography?
user2: In some senses it is, but it also has some drama too.
user1: Any violence
user2: No violence, it's more a tale of sex, money, genius and betrayal.
user1: Are there any other main characters worth mentioning
user2: Yes, Andrew Garfield and Justin Timberlake both made huge roles in this movie as Jesse Eisenberg friends.
user1: Wow
user1: Are there any reviews?
user2: I love when all three of them team up and work together to really create what it is.
user1: Yes, it sounds like quite a story
user2: Most of the reviews have it high, Rotten tomoatoes and Metacritic both at 95% and CinemaScore at a B+
user1: Good ratings
user1: The movie sounds like something I would watch
user2: I think that you would really enjoy the movie. You should definitely check it out. It will give you some great insight into how Facebook was made.
user1: Good ratings and solid semi biography. Thanks for giving me your insight, I will enjoy watching this movie
user1: Bye
user2: Awesome. I am glad to hear it, and would love to hear your personal opinion after watching it.
user2: Have a great day!!
user1: Wait what year is the movie
user2: It is from 2010
user1: Fairly old
user2: Yes, but it is still very current because everyday there are changes in social media.
user1: True
user1: Did the movie win any awards
user2: It was named the Movie of the Year.
user1: Wow. Great!
user1: The movie sounds really awesome and I will definitely check it out. Have a wonderful day
user2: What genre of movies do you usually watch?

conversation:
user1: Is your document about the movie "The Social Network?"
user2: Yes it's about The social Network
user1: Cool, so we're on the same document.  You know it's got a score of 96% on Rotten Tomatos.  It's pretty darn good.
user2: Yeah the rating is pretty good. Do you check the rating of a movie before you watch it?
user1: I usually do.  I normally check the Metacritic Score.  Since this one was 95/100 I figured it would be pretty good.  Did you know that Amie Hammer played two roles?
user2: I never noticed. Must be a very good actor.
user1: Well, if you look at the document, he played both Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss.
user2: Do you think Mark Zuckerberg really behaved like the actor in the movie?
user1: Jesse Eisenberg did a good job of playing the brilliant hero, Founder Mark Zuckerberg.  I thought it was exciting and instinctivly perceptive.
user2: I think Justine Timberlake should stick to singing. I didn't buy his role for one second. Did you?
user1: You know the character of Mark Zuckerberg was only 19 and he basically started Facebook after being dumped by his girlfriend.
user2: Yeah. That was a really shallow move by Mark. Though I bet she regrets it now.
user1: Regret is speculative.  The movie's main source was a book called "The Accidental Billionaires" which was was a contentious book that may or may not be believed. 
user1: Do you agree with the CinemaScore Rating?
user2: Yes. I totally agree on the rating. It really was a good movie
user1: You know the whole Facebook Experiment started out as a way to increase the dating pool for Harvard students.
user2: Yeah i can see that. Do you think it worked?
user1: I don't think people from Harvard have trouble getting dates.  Do you remember who Andrew Garfield played?
user2: I really don't. I was surprised to find out how the name facebook came about. Do you think Christy Lee brags about it?
user1: Perhaps.  I found it interesting that before Facebook, it was called "The Facebook."  Do you remember the co-founder of Napster?
user2: Yes. He actually made them drop "The" from the name to become just Facebook.
user1: Do you remember where they moved to in California when they started the company?
user1: I believe they used the house as the company headquarters.
user1: Do you remember how much academic probation Mark Zuckerberg got?
user2: Yes. I hear silicon valley has one of the higest rates in rent
user2: yeah I think it was 6 months probation? correct me if I am wrong
user1: Yes, it was 6 months of Academic probation.  I enjoyed how the narrative was inter cut with scenes from the deposition,  What did you like?
user2: I liked the whole court process. I think everyone came out a winner
user1: I agree.  Everybody got rich.  Do you remember that last scene when Zuckerberg kept refreshing his old girlfriend's page?  I liked that.  What scene did you like?
user1: I particularly liked the scene where Zuckerberg hacks into the different college database to steal photos because it portrayed computer programming accurately. 
user2: That was lame of him. But we all have our days

conversation:
user2: Hey! Have you ever seen The Social Network?
user1: I have not, but I know it was filmed in 2010.
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: I personally enjoyed it. It tells the story of the founding of Facebook. Do you like movies based on reality?
user1: I do. I also like Jesse Eisenberg and Justin Timberlake. The movie got good reviews, so maybe I will watch it.
user2: I really would recommend it myself. It was extremely good. Jesse Eisenberg plays Zuckerburg in such an intense way. It's a great film.
user1: Did you read the book the movie was based on? The Accidental Billionaires?
user2: I just learned it was based on the book today. I'm definitely going to have to read it. 
user1: Apparently, the biographical part of the movie isn't exactly true to life, since the movie was based on the book. Mark Zuckerberg had no part in contributing to the movie.
user2: That is certainly interesting to know. I always wondered about it myself. Apparently, Saverin was the only consultant with any true to life information.
user1: Was it weird to see Armie Hammer play two people?
user2: It was! To be honest with you they did such a good job that I had a hard time realizing they were both Armie Hammer. He is an amazing actor. I also think Facesmash is a hilarious startup name.
user1: It is! and what a crazy story... basically he got dumped and made millions off of trying to get even with her.
user2: How contentious of a person. Based off what you know of him would you have be friendly with him if you were in school with him at the time?
user1: Hmm... probably not. He doesn't seem to have good luck keeping friends. How ironic as he invented Facebook. Do you think you'd have been friends?
user2: Absolutely not1
user2: I thought it was ironic as well. I couldnt believe it. 
user2: The scene where Christy Lee says Facebook me is kinda funny, too. It certainly beats facesmash me.
user1: Agreed. It makes sense, but I had no idea how much help Zuckerberg had along the way... Especially from one of the founders of Napster!
user2: Justin Timberlake plays him so well too. I never knew about it either, but keep in mind it's based off the book. Who knows how much he actually was involved.
user1: That is true. I wonder if Mark Zuckerberg actually invited Sean Parker to live at Facebook headquarters!
user2: I love how he was doing it from a house. You know that much happened. If Sean Parker was there, who knows. I love how tech company start ups are out of houses. I wonder what the other continent was they were trying to expand to first.
user1: I think that it is pretty funny considering the success he gained... and "Thefacebook"? First Facesmash, then Harvard Connection then Thefacebook... yikes!
user2: Thefacebook is just rotten. It seems like Zuckerberg really shafted everyone else in the situation.
user2: It's kind of creepy how he just waited for Albright to accept the friend request, too.
user1: It's really sort of sad to me. He hasn't really changed from the beginning of the story.
user2: That's how I feel. I'm not surprised he had to do a settlement.
user1: He founded the biggest social network the world has ever seen, but he seems like a person who people hate.
user2: Extremely misanthropic. I would agree. It's overall kind of sad.
user2: At least he didn't use his intelligence for true evil.
user2: are you still there?
user2: It's been 10 minutes

conversation:
user2: hello there!
user1: Hey!
user2: how are you doing?
user1: I believe I am supposed to convey to you why you should read The Social Network
user1: I'm well, thanks!
user2: Social Network the movie?
user1: Correct!
user1: What were you tasked with?
user2: To discuss a movie with you
user2: try to gather info and decide if I want to watch it at the end
user1: Which movie?
user1: Well I watched The Social Movie about 5 years ago for the first time and highly enjoyed it. 
user2: which ever movie you were tasked with to talk to me about - in this case the Social Network
user1: In particular Eisenberg's portrayal of Zuckerberg was highly compelling
user1: and it's funny as well
user2: Eisenberg is the lead actor?
user1: And if you did not attend an Ivy League university, it gives you a sneak peak of what life inside one may be like
user1: yes he is the lead actor
user2: do you know which other movies he was in?
user1: I'm not sure actually
user1: This is the only one of his that I know at all
user1: I hope he's not being typecast as Zuckerberg
user1: Because he is a majorly talented actor
user2: what other actors were there?
user1: Justin Timberlake and Armie Hammer were also in it!
user1: Timberlake was cool
user1: He played the founder of Napster
user2: and which was your favorite character?
user1: Probably Eisenberg as Zuckerberg
user1: wasn
user1: wasn't the most likable character (that was probably Saverin) but he played the role incredbily well
user1: a nuanced portrait
user2: so the film is entirely biographical?
user1: Yes
user1: although I know that Zuckerberg has complained about the accuracy of the plot
user1: there's quite a bit of tension in it
user2: does it feature the "evil twins"? (I forgot their names)
user1: Yes!
user1: The Winklevoss twins!
user1: although they don't sound/appear that evil in the film
user1: they look cheated actually 
user2: what's your favorite scene?
user1: Probably the deposition of Zuckerberg
user1: when he's being investigated for fraudulently claiming he came up with the idea for Facebook
user2: how about the soundtrack? anything worth noting?

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: This movie is about how Facebook got started by Mark Zuckerberg, it's called "The Social Network". Interesting to watch because it's based on real events.
user2: I have heard of that movie before
user2: Although I haven't watched it before
user1: It was more popular than the book it was based on, The Accidental Billionaires, probably because it's a tale of Sex, Money, and Betrayal. Stuff we can all identify with
user2: Oh that is really interesting
user2: It makes it sound more intriguing than before
user2: Have you seen it
user1: Yes, we've all heard of Facebook, but the story of how it got started is pretty surprising. I didn't believe everything I saw in the movie, but it held my interest
user2: I think sometimes they add information to movies just to keep the audience entertained
user2: Which is understandable because you don't want a boring movie 
user2: I had no idea it was a book thogh
user1: No doubt, It is a drama. Zuckerberg and the current staff weren't involved in making the movie, it has a kind of dark irony, but one of the founders, Eduardo Saverin, was consulted by the book's author. 
user2: I am sure there is information that they didn't want to leak in the movie and even the book
user2: So would you recommend seeing this movie? It a couple of years old if not older. 
user1: Yes, it's an engaging look at that time period when websites were just getting started. Some of the lawsuits that came out of those beginnings might still be on going. 
user2: I believe it. I remember reading about the lawsuits when they were filed. I think they have great lawyers to protect themselves though...
user1: The film starts in 2003 when Zuckerberg was a 19 year old student at Harvard. He actually created a campus website called Facemash that allowed users to rate the attractiveness of photos of female students.
user2: That is a really good overall description for someone who wants a synapse of the movie. 
user1: Oh, that's just the beginning. That website was so popular it got the attention of the Winklevoss twins, who were upper class men who made a dating website exclusive to Harvard.  So the origins of the idea for the site are kind of vague 
user2: Is the company protected by a patent or some kind of legal documents?
user1: I don't know, but Zuckerberg was given 6 months academic probation for hacking into college databases and crashing the Harvard computer network. So he's aware of what kind of damage a rogue programmer can do.
user2: As a programmer I could see the damage that can be done by hacking into databases and networks.
user2: damage was bound to happen in this situation
user1: So you also know that programming knowledge doesn't necessarily translate to business smarts. It's when Zuckerberg gets hooked up with Napster co-founder Sean Parker that the business really starts to take off
user2: I had totally forgotten about using Napster. I use to always use it. Had no idea he co-founded it.
user1: There were other social networks before The Facebook, too, which is what Zuckerberg called it while expanding the site to Yale, Columbia, and Stanford. I liked Napster, too, and had a MySpace account.  But that all changed after Parker suggested they drop 'The' and move Facebook to Palo Alto. 
user2: I I also had a MySpace account but haven't logged in roughly 2 years. 
user1: Been a while for me, too.  Parker ended up sharing a house in Palo Alto with Zuckerberg, leaving his partner Saverin in New York to work on "Business Development". Meanwhile they were developing plans for the business in California to make a billion dollar company. 
user2: That is crazy. To have potentially in a company to make a billion dollar company is mind blowing
user1: Well, Saverin and the Winklevoss twins tried to keep their interests in the company. The film is intercut with scenes from their depositions in the cases against Zuckerberg. They eventually settled out of court because Zuckerberg's defense thinks he will appear unsympathetic to a jury.
user2: Well if he wasn't going to seem unsympathetic than maybe it was the best choice for the defense 
user1: No doubt, the film has lots of sordid details about the founding and the callous attitude Zuckerberg had towards his collaborators. But the end, when he's sending a friend request, is when it get's really weird. 
user2: Ugh I hate endings that either leave cliff hangers or just ends with no explanation of the future events
user1: I hear you. This ending has to deal with a world where Superman is absent, and after every one leaves, the dirt on top of Clark's coffin starts rising into the air. How about that!
user2: Thanks!

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: Hello. Have you watched The Social Network? It was a surprisingly good movie.
user1: I have not
user1: It sounds like a good film
user1: Yes, I'm here
user2: The performances were great. Justin Timberlake is not only a talented singer but a pretty good actor as well. Jesse Eisenberg fit the part very well too.
user2: Hello?
user1: Hello
user1: I'm here
user1: I was just going to ask how Timberlake was as an actor
user2: Hi. I was saying how Justin Timberlake and Jesse Eisenberg were pretty good actors.
user2: Yeah. He's better than I thought he would be.
user1: I'm not usually into Biographies 
user2: Me neither but this one was pretty good. 
user1: But this one is probably a decent one to watch
user1: It's crazy how fast Fb blew up
user1: It would be interesting to watch the film
user2: It is. I didn't think Mark Zuckerberg had a very interesting life but I guess he has.
user2: Facebook is a monster.
user2: I don't think most people could live without it at this point in time.
user1: I bet. He was pretty young when he made fb wasn't he
user2: It's kind of messed up though. Zuckerberg was accused of stealing someone else's ideas to get started.
user2: Yeah. He was still in college.
user1: Yeah, too many people relay on fb now! 
user2: I know. It's fun but people use it a little too much.
user2: The movie doesn't really go into that though. They need to do a sequel that talks about how FB has affected society.
user1: yeah, that would be cool to see
user1: more of a documentary of sorts. 
user2: It started out as a simple chat to help college students with dating but turned into something much bigger.
user2: Kind of a dramatized documentary though.
user1: lol, right!

conversation:
user1: Helllo
user2: Hi, there.
user1: I guess we are to talk about the movie
user1: Have you seen it
user2: Yeah - I wanted to talk about it because I like how David Fincher directed it. 
user1: ok
user2: Did you see it?
user1: did you enjoy it
user1: yes i did
user2: Yeah, a lot. Sorkin and Fincher sure laced their scathing wit with an aching sadness, you know? I guess everybody says that, though.
user1: ok, i wasnt aware it was based on a book
user2: Yeah. Though I guess the movie isn't quite as factual as the book? And that the book is pretty heavily debated.
user1: I see
user2: You remember that bit where Zuckerberg gets dumped and then writes a mean post about his ex?
user1: Im not a fan of facebook or zukerbeg, but I thought the movie was well done.   I dont remember that part specifically
user2: Yeah, no, I'm no fan of either, either. But it was that scene that kind said everything that needed to be said about the mentality behind that site. I thought that was pretty brilliant. 
user1: it seems to be highly rated
user2: Yeah. It's definitely a strong movie. I mean, it's a movie about Facebook that is actually watchable. That's saying something.
user1: yes Iwas thinking that as well
user1: it is even more trajic where it has brought us politically
user2: For sure. And I feel like it's all in that bit where Sean Parker has his line about "You know what IS cool? A billion dollars." Like, it's presented as a way to keep people in touch, but it's really the coldest corporate-type of thing.
user1: yes greed is powerfull
user2: Did you know Sean Parker was the founder of Napster?
user1: yes
user1: it is interesting how he suggested getting rid of "the"
user2: Yes! I was just about to say that. I think it's crazy how much influence he had on Facebook when it started out.
user2: Then there's that last scene, where Zuckerberg keeps refreshing his page to see if his ex-girlfriend has accepted his friend request. That's what it all comes back to. After all the greed, you've still got these human needs.
user1: it is interesting for sure
user1: it would be funny if it was still called facemash
user2: I know, that was a pretty weird name. Even 'Facebook' seemed weird back in the day.
user1: i think it is a dangerous false reality that has changed humanity for the worse
user1: millions are addicted to it, and it is proven to shape perceptions in false ways
user2: Yeah, I think so, too. Though I also think there is a natural balance of humanity and that at some point Facebook will be left in the dust. Or at least it's worst aspects will be. Again, I just think about that last scene. Maybe it's too optimistic, but I think people will abandon Facebook. Maybe not this generation, but the next.
user2: Was there anything you didn't like about the movie?
user1: it seems to be in that direction to some point already.  a lot of damage has been done though
user1: I think we are done now, have a good day
user2: Okay, You too!

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: Hello. I think you should watch a movie called The Social Network.  It got a 96% on Rotten Tomatoes and a metacritic score of 95 out of 100.  Plus it stars Jesse Eisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg.  It is a biographical drama about the founding of Facebook.  Critics have even called it, "the movie of the year".
user1: I've heard about it, but I never got a chance to watch it when it was in theaters.  How accurate to the true story do you think it is?
user2: Well, one critic was noted as saying that the biographical part takes liberties with its subject.  So I would believe that it has been a little exaggerated upon to make for better cinema.  Also neither Zuckerberg nor any other Facebook staff were involved with the project.  It was however adapted from a book, so I guess that would depend on how accurate the book portrayal was to real life.
user1: That makes sense, and I wasn't sure if Zuckerberg was actually involved or not.  I can't place the actor that plays him, but I know I've heard his name.  What other movies has he been in lately?
user2: I am not sure of any other movies that Jesse Eisenberg has been in although the name does sound familiar to me as well.
user1: He looks like the guy from Zombieland, maybe that's where I've seen him.  Are there any other major actors in the movie that you know of?
user2: Yes.  Justin Timberlake is in this movie.  He is the only other name I am familiar with but this movie also stars Andrew Garfield, Armie Hammer, and Max Minghella.
user1: I never knew Justin Timberlake was in it.  Does the soundtrack have any of his music in it?
user2: I do not have any information on the soundtrack.  But I think any soundtrack can be improved by Justin Timberlake.  Another thing that surprises me is that this movie is already eight years old, it was released in 2010.
user1: Really?  Wow, you're making me feel incredibly old right now.  Does the movie get into any of the controversies around Facebook itself, like how they handle news feeds or anything like that?
user2: Based on the material I am given about this movie, I can see that it discusses some controversies regarding Zuckerberg hacking into college databases to steal photos of female students and then allowing his site visitors to rate their attractiveness.  He received six months of academic probation for this.  Zuckerberg then goes on to revamp the site into a social network aimed at dating for Harvard students.
user1: Oh yeah, I remember when that news came out.  He only got academic probation for that and nothing else?
user2: That is how it is portrayed in the movie.  The traffic the stunt created even crashed parts of Harvard's computer network.  I am surprised one would not be expelled for hacking into such a database.
user1: Yes, especially with all those private records.  But I guess people are more sensitive about that now.  Does the movie get into his personal life at all?  
user2: I am not sure if the movie gets into his personal life at all but the movie does start when Zuckerberg is 19 years old.
user1: That makes sense.  Anything else especially interesting about the movie I should know?
user2: It does discuss the lawsuits that facebook eventually faces although I do not have more details on what those lawsuits pertained too.  It was Napster co-founder Sean Parker that first sees Facebook as a "billion dollar" vision.  It is Timberlake that portrays Parker and Parker is the one for taking Facebook from being for United States college kids to being accessible globally.  At this time Zuckerberg is still managing Facebook from out of a house.
user1: Oh interesting - so Zuckerberg had the concept, but it was Parker that actually monetized it and made it global?
user2: Yes.  Also, it used to be called Thefacebook but Parker was the one who decided to change it to just Facebook.  It is around this time that facebook started being used as a verb.
user1: You know, Parker's movie might be interesting too.  Did you actually see the movie when it came out in theaters?
user2: I did not actually see this movie when it came out in theaters, although I've always meant to.  My instructions are to read this one page document they have given me on this movie with some key points and respond only with answers I can gleam from this short document.  I agree Parker's movie would also be interesting.  I hadn't actually heard of him until I read this document.  The director was David Fincher.
user1: Well, I hadn't known about Parker until you mentioned him either.  I'm not familiar with that director, do you know what other movies he's been involved in?
user2: I am also not familiar with him.  I just received new information that the film is actually frequently cut with scenes from the Winklevoss twins' lawsuits against Zuckerberg.  Apparently the twins did most of the work and Zuckerberg took most of the benefits.  Apparently Zuckerberg settled because his lawyer found his callous attitude would make him unsympathetic to a jury.
user1: That's interesting, and not too surprising really.  As much as he tries, he doesn't seem to be terribly personable.  Whatever happened with the lawsuits?
user2: The most I know that came of the lawsuits was that he settled with them out of court for an undisclosed amount of money.  He seems to be painted as a rather selfish person in this movie.  He had many people come after him claiming they did not get the money they deserved once Facebook became incorporated.  It seems he settled with all of them rather than fight it.  I assume this happens to a lot of people once an idea takes off and a large amount of money starts coming in.
user1: It's kind of like winning the lottery, you find family and friends that you never knew you had. Do you think the movie portrays him fairly, or does it seem to be really biased against him personally?
user2: From what I can gather, it does appear to be rather biased against him personally.  I do not think they tried to tell his point of view or give an unbiased opinion.  I think it was more dramatic to paint the Facebook father as a bad guy.  Although it may cause you to have some sympathy towards him as it looks like after his fame he had a lot of new problems to deal with.

conversation:
user2: Hi there!
user1: Hello!
user1: What movie are we discussing today?
user2: The Social Network. Have you seen it?
user1: No i haven't. what is it about?
user2: It a biographical drama about the guy who invented Facebook. 
user2: It's a good movie.
user1: Interesting. Does it have anyone famous in it?
user2: The only one I knew was Jesse Eisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg.
user2: But, it's directed by David Fincher. One of my favorites.
user1: I don't think i've seen anything with him in it before. 
user1: How long does the movie run?
user1: Like how long is it?
user2: Oh, Justin Timberlake was in it, too.
user1: Love justin!
user2: Me, too. 
user2: I don't remember how long it was. But, it's interesting how Facebook got started.
user1: How long is it in theaters for? i will have to try to go see it.
user1: I'm not familiar with how he started Facebook so I bet I will learn a lot.
user2: It came out in 2010 so you'll have to stream it or buy it.
user1: Can you tell me about the plot line?
user1: Is it on Netflix?
user2: He got dumped by his girlfriend and went back to his dorm and wrote a mean entry about her on Liveblog. 
user1: Oh man, I love breakup drama!
user2: Then he gets together with his friends and starts thinking about how to get his classmates and other students together and chatting and dating.
user2: It might be on Netflix but not sure.
user2: Some guy sued Zuckerberg saying he stole the Facebook idea.
user1: Did he end up meeting a new girl through Facebook?
user1: I'm assuming the guy lost the lawsuit
user2: Ha ha, I don't know. but I don't think so. I think they might have settled the lawsuit so they wouldn't have to duke it out in court. And his lawyer didn't think Zuckerberg would be a sympathetic person in the jurors' eyes.
user1: He doesn't look like he would be sympathetic. Someone is always trying to get something for nothing!
user2: Yes, that's true. It has a 96% rating on Rotten Tomatoes which is really good for any movie.
user1: Do you know where he went to college? 

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hello
user2: How are you?
user1: I am good. How are you
user2: I am doing good as well
user2: whats the name of the movie you read about?
user1: The Social Network. Have you seen it?
user2: No I actually haven't
user2: Is not out in theaters yet
user2: right?
user1: It was out  in 2010.  Do you like movies in this genre?
user2: Oh... 2010. I never heard of it
user2: What is it about?
user1: It is about the founding of Facebook
user1: You should try to see it. It is very good
user2: Oh I see 
user1: It stars Jesse Eisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg
user2: Sounds interesting
user1: Do you generally watch high-rated movies?
user2: No I don't 
user2: What did you like most about it?
user2: I am more into action movies 
user1: It think it is sort of truthful
user2: I like comedy as well
user2: oh that's cool
user1: It is based on 2009 book The Accidental Billionaires: The FOunding of Facebook
user2: I never read the book :(
user1: Justin Timberlake  also plays in it
user2: Oh 
user2: any other famous people that take part in the movie?
user1: Zuckerberg is dumped by his girlfriend- I like the scene
user2: lol that really sucks
user2: and funny at the same time
user1: He writes and insulting entry 
user2: oh
user2: Why did the girlfriend dump him?
user2: I would say he is in much better state right now since he married a doctor 
user1: Erica Albright - she dumps him
user2: Oh 

conversation:
user2: hey there, whta kind of movies do you ike?
user2: or looking to see?
user1: I like mystery but whatever is good.
user2: How about some true life stories, like the Social Network. Have you seen that one?
user1: have you seen this one?  What is it about?
user2: Its about the start up of Facebook
user1: Tell me a little about it 
user1: Now that should be interesting.
user1: Wasn;t it that young kid that started it?
user2: Its  about how it starts with him in school
user2: but then goes inot the big law suit that was given to him
user1: Is he a genius?
user2: it almost broke the company apart
user2: hes a pretty smart man yes
user2: the writting in the movie is very good
user1: almost but he was smart enough to keep it goiing
user2: I think it got a few oscars
user2: They all were smart
user2: just it was down to peple trying to steal ideas
user1: it's a fairly new movie 
user2: its a good thought provocting film
user2: its from a few years ago
user1: Sounds like it could be.  
user2: but its basically still realivent
user2: Jesse Elsen berg plays Mark
user1: Stealing ideas is not a good thing.
user1: I don't know that actor
user2: Justin Timblerlakes in it... you know him
user1: Yep him I know
user2: hes pretty good in it
user1: I am going to have to find it so I can see for myself
user2: the music soundtrack is pretty good too
user2: the critics also loved it
user2: its has a high rating
user1: Well that settles it.  I have to GO!
user1: you enjoyed it 
user2: Its not a movies
user2: its for rent
user1: okay like in Netfliks?

conversation:
user1: I really enjoyed this movie!
user2: yes, i enjoyed this movie too
user2: somewhat based on real life of Mark Zuckerberg
user1: I think Jesse Eisenberg did a really great job playing Mark Zuckerberg
user2: yes he did and if you see he some what adapted the whole character of Mark, from walking to talking style
user1: Yeah! He's a great actor
user1: And Andrew Garfield as well
user2: yes
user2: when the whole lawsuit and hearing was going on i loved that scenes
user1: Justin Timberlake surprised me in this movie. He's not the best actor but he played Sean Parker really well
user1: haha me too!
user2: I didnt knew facemash is the first start by Mark
user1: that was pretty mean actually
user2: Yes it was
user2: But the idea of implementing it is what i liked
user2: and probably that triggered him to make Facebook
user1: oh yeah definitely, he wanted to feel powerful
user2: I liked the entry scene of Sean, means Justin
user1: and he also stole the original idea somewhat from those Winklevoss twins
user2: hahaha
user2: yes he did
user1: oh at that restaurant/bar? 
user1: and they all ordered martinis haha
user2: yes kind og
user2: of*
user1: Who was Albright again?
user2: The gf that dumped her
user2: at start
user1: ooh yeah ok
user1: I forgot that he sent her a request
user2: Erica is the name I guess
user2: I think i dont remember that scene i guess maybe missed it
user1: yeah when he kept refreshing to see if she accepted
user1: I don't think she ever did
user2: why would she after what he did
user1: yup exactly
user2: maybe considering Mark as having some mental issues
user2: but as its said, crazy minds do great things
user1: I think he was just an awkward kid, remember he was jealous when Eduardo got accepted to that fraternity
user2: yes
user1: he just wanted to fit in and be accepted so being mean to girls was his only way?
user2: probably, or maybe he seeked attention but didnt knew how to have it
user2: so being acting weird is the only way for him i guess
user1: I guess it paid off for him in the end, crazy money
user2: yup money but lost the friends he started out with
user2: no use of that money
user1: yeah, and I can guarantee you that he doesn't mind haha
user2: hahaha
user2: maybe he matters a ferrari more than friends Lol
user1: yup, some people just only care about money
user2: But yea winklevoss have got a big money in that
user2: yea some ppl do
user2: All in all I loved the movie

conversation:
user2: Have you seen this movie before?
user2: Do you like this movie User2?
user1: I like this movie because it is exciting and instinctively perceptive.
user2: Why do you consider it Instictively perspective?
user2: Do you believe this movie should of have gained a review of 9/10?
user1: The biographical part takes liberties with its subjects, so everything that's seen isn't necessarily to be believed.
user1: The rating of the movie I believe is accurate with general consensus.
user2: Do you usually watch movies with good ratings or do you give a non good rating movie a chance?
user1: I typically don't pay attention to ratings but I rely more on word of mouth.
user2: Do you believe that Jesse Eisenberg made a great role as Mark Zuckerberg?
user1: I believe he did a good job, 
user2: After watching this movie, do you stil like to use Facebook?
user1: I find that it increased my usage on Facebook. Have you seen the movie?
user2: I have seen this movie a while back.
user1: Has it impacted your use of social media?
user2: Not really. 
user1: Is there anything you did not like about the film?
user2: I use Facebook not only because it is in trend but rather because it allows me to communicate with friends and family members specially those long distance relationships.
user2: Do you remember every detail about the movie specially the key scene explaining in #2?
user2: explained
user1: I do. I often say Facebook me now as I don't have a phone and it is my method of contact.
user2: Do you believe Facebook escalated pretty quickly?
user2: as in it expanded?
user1: I do believe it took off quickly. However I don't like how sometimes people use it to expose people like Erica Albright.
user1: Do you think  would be as big a hit as Facebook 
user2: Was there a book written after this movie has been filmed?
user1: Facemash
user2: Who did you support? Mark or the Twins?
user1: It was from the book The Accidental Billionaires: The founding of Facebook 
user2: Was there a known singer participating in the cast of this movie?
user1: I support Zuckerburg. There are always people who want to take credit for the things they did not do.
user1: Justin Timberlake played Sean Parker.
user2: Why do you think Mark tried contacting Mrs. Albright?
user1: I think he wants to make a mends
user2: Do you believe David Fincher filmed was considered a rare quality movie?
user1: I think it was. Do you think Zuckerbergs callous attitude would have been unsympathetic to a jury?
user2: Yes, That is why they unsettled with Saverin.
user2: In 2013, was Mark dumped by his girlfriend or did he ended the relationship?
user2: Ask me questions.

conversation:
user1: I remember this movie. When I think of Zuckerberg I can't help picturing Eisenberg.
user2: yes, I feel the same way
user2: it is a great movie, very engaging
user1: I didn't realize that Facebook people weren't involved in advising about the movie.
user2: that's very interesting
user1: Just Saverin's input for the book. I will have to find out how Zuckerberg liked the film.
user2: yes that would be interesting to know. it's hard to imagine what it would be like to see a film like this about yourself. 96% on rotten tomatoes is pretty good. 
user1: absolutely right!
user1: 2010 seems like a long, long time in the past doesn't it?
user2: sure does
user2: Facemash seems like such an unlikely precursor to facebook
user1: Yeah, I was just thinking, what a terrible, terrible name!
user2: yes, but also the purpose of facemash being rating attractiveness of female students
user2: it is rather different than the more generalized functions offacebook
user1: yes, good point, male college student dynamics
user1: I wonder what computer system Harvard was using that crashed
user2: yes, that seems intense. the exclusive nature of the original social network is odd as well
user2: I'm glad they dropped the "the" in the name
user2: it is much more catchy without it
user1: yeah, it almost changes the whole meaning, definitely makes the concept more inclusive
user2: it all seems so haphazard, the chain of events that brought facebook to where it is today
user1: I'm trying to remember what Napster was all about - music sharing?
user2: yes, i believe so
user2: I wonder how many of the details described in this paragraph are true to the facts
user1: Right, I was just wondering if Zuckerberg moved west because of parker, or if not, why.
user2: the lawsuit scenes definitely add a dark and bitter tone to the movie
user1: Obviously there are parts of the movie I have forgotten. Do you remember that bit at the end about the dirt? How come I don't!
user2: I don't remember that either. what is it supposed to mean?
user1: You beat me to that question!!!
user2: it sounds rather sci-fi for a "based on a true story" kind of movie
user1: also, what exactly do you think that part about the world in Sup[erman's absence means?
user1: Zuckerberg + Superman?
user1: that's kind of lame even for metaphore

conversation:
user1: Hey 
user2: Hello
user1: Have you seen The social network?
user2: Yes. Have you?
user1: Yea, but I can really remember much
user2: Do you remember enjoying it?
user1: Oh yea, it was very inspirational
user2: I agree. Do you think it was well cast?
user1: Yes, the cast did a perfect job, I remember Justin Timberlake being in it.
user2: Yeah and also Jesse Eisenberg
user1: Oh yea, he's a great actor
user1: I liked him in the movie Now You See Me as well.
user2: What did you think about the main character's reaction to being dumped?
user1: I think it was the best move, to gain attention from others, especially the right people.
user2: Yeah but it was pretty messed up that he started that website to rate women on how attractive they are.
user1: Yea, that's true, but it turned out great for everyone in the end, so I guess things do happen for a reason, because we all use Facebook today.
user2: That's true. It's interesting that it all started at Harvard and with Harvard students.
user1: Yes, Harvard is a well known school, they have great facilities ans academic curriculums  for students to thrive, most of these people come from some of the best schools.
user1: and*\
user2: Yes and when they first expanded facebook, it was to other ivy league schools.
user1: Yea it was pretty much a closed community.
user2: I think they were building a community of like minded people.
user1: People who share the same common interest, they weren't expecting it to get so big.
user2: It's funny that it used to be called "thefacebook"
user1: Yea, didn't sound appealing at all, I'm glad they changed it, better business move.
user2: Definitely. All of the lawsuits seemed pretty dramatic
user1: Yea, it made it more exciting 
user2: It did. It added suspense.
user1: Added a nice real world touch
user1: as well
user2: Yeah because it showed how there are always struggles when creating a business.

conversation:
user2: Hi there!
user1: Hey :)
user2: So we'll be talking about The Social Network, right?
user1: Yes. Did you like the movie? 
user2: I thought it was very well made and a good examination of the events that led up to the creation of Facebook.
user1: I didn't know much about the Facebook creation story before it, but I loved the movie. Andrew Garfield is one of my favorite actors
user2: Absolutely, he's fantastic
user2: I loved Jesse Eisenberg in it too
user1: Jesse Eisenberg has become one of my favorites because of The Social Network. I hadn't heard of him before it
user2: Yeah, I can't really remember a movie having him in it before this, I guess it really put him on the map lol
user2: I was kind of surprised by the 96% rating on Rotten Tomatoes
user2: I thought David Fincher did a great job as director
user2: And I didn't realize that this came out in 2010
user2: It feels so long ago
user2: I thought the whole story was rather good and well constructed
user2: Overall a very good film

conversation:
user1: Did you know this movie was adapted from a book?
user2: I did not
user2: Have you read the book?
user1: Actually, yes, I read the book. 
user1: I really liked it. 
user2:  Does the movie do a good job with it or does it stray?
user1: I don't think that I saw the movie in its entirety.
user1: I didn't realize that the movie got such good reviews.
user1: Are you familiar with any members of the cast?
user2: I didn't either.  Was Justin Timberlake a good actor? I haven't ever seen him in anything.
user1: I don't remember him in it.
user2: He is the only one I have heard of
user1: Interesting that one guy played the twins.
user1: Good first scene for the movie.
user2: I also didn't realize the guy who founded facebook hacked into something to do it.
user1: Me neither.
user2: Did they really go to Harvard? 
user1: Did you see that they give the ex-girlfriend's name? 
user1: Yes, they really did go to Harvard.
user2: Ha! I didn't realize that.  Was that really the poor girls name?
user1: Guess so.
user2: I would love to be an accidental millionaire! 
user1: :)
user1: It is an interesting startup strategy - to have access to a network be so exclusive. 
user2: Do they go into what the people have done with their money? I think I saw they donate to worthy causes.
user1: Zuckerbergs do, yes. 
user1: Do these reviews make you want to see the movie? 
user2: I wouldn't mind seeing it at some point. I don't normally get to watch movies. I never have that long in a sitting. Is it on netflix? 
user1: I'm not sure. 
user1: Scene 3 talks about one thing that makes the book/movie interesting -- that is going back and forth from the trial to the story.
user2: Do you know if they show a good argument for them to have not stolen the idea? I hadn't ever heard that before. I must be living in the dark. 
user1: there is an argument to be made - seems like all shared in creating what facebook became. The W twins got a lot of $.
user2: Hmm. This could be an interesting movie.  I use facebook and saw a little info on Mark's wife struggle to have a baby but could be fun to learn more!
user1: yes!
user2: Is the whole movie true?
user1: yes
user1: i think so 
user2: Thanks for chatting.

conversation:
user1: I really liked this movie and it got great reviews!
user2: I didn't see this movie. 
user2: I was, and still am, interested but I haven't had time. 
user1: I think Jesse Eisenberg did a good job as Zuckerberg.
user2: He must have, to get good reviews. 
user1: I think Jesse Eisenberg did a good job as Zuckerberg.
user2: Armie Hammer played both of the twins? 

conversation:
user1: Hello, I really enjoyed this movie, what did you think?
user2: I really liked it. It was interesting to see how Facebook was first founded. 
user1: It was, do you usually like biographical movies like this one?
user2: Yes, I tend to like biographical movies, they usually provide a fascinating look into the life of the subject in the movie.
user1: I agree, I was very surprised to learn the Winklevoss twins were played by a single actor.
user2: Thats what caught my eye too! I honestly thought they were just a set of twins playing the characters, I wouldnt have ever guessed that they were played by just one individual.
user1: He was very convincing as two different people! I was also surprised to learn so many lawsuits were involved in the creation of Facebook.
user2: Yeah the actor did a great job as the twins. I didnt realize either before I saw the film how many lawsuits were brought against Zuckerberg after he founded the site.
user1: I also enjoyed Jesse Eisenberg's performance, he played Zuckerberg how I had always imagined him
user2: I love Jesse Eisenberg as an actor, so it was great to see him in a starring role. I hadnt ever really thought much about Zuckerberg before I saw the movie, but I feel like Eisenberg played him perfectly - a really smart guy, but somewhat cold to most of the other people in his life and cocky about his success.
user1: That's how I had thought of him, smart and arrogant but kind of reclusive. I was also unaware and surprised to learn about the whole Facesmash website that happened before the idea for Facebook came around. It's interesting to see how Facesmash evolved into Facebook,
user2: Yes, I thought it was really cool to see how Facebook had evolved from the original idea of Facesmash. Kind of makes you think - the whole idea of Facebook came about just because Zuckerberg had made a site to let students rate the attractiveness of their female classmates.
user1: It was amazing how it crashed parts of Harvard's network and then he got academic probation for it. And how that all helped lead to Zuckerberg actually meeting the Winklevoss twins and that all lead to the creation of Facebook. It's interesting to see how things like that get started.
user2: I agree, I loved getting what felt like an inside look at the various people involved in the making of Facebook, and seeing how Zuckerberg first met the Winklevoss twins and their partner Narendra by chance mostly, because his Facemash site had caught their attention. It made me wonder if he had never met them, if the Facebook we know today would have ever come about. 
user1: Yea, it definitely makes you think about that, I wonder if MySpace would still be big if Facebook hadn't been invented. I also didn't know that so many people were involved, especially since Zuckerberg was always the face of Facebook, I kind of always thought it was all him.
user2: Oh definitely, I feel like the advent of Facebook pretty much spelled the end for MySpace. If Facebook hadnt come about, MySpace would probably have remained a lot more popular. And I agree, I had always been given the impression that Zuckerberg came up with the idea of Facebook all on his own and started it all by himself, so it was neat to see that there had been multiple other people involved in its conception.
user1: I was really surprised to see the founder of Napster was involved, too. 
user2: Absolutely, I didnt have any idea the two companies had a founder in common. I really liked seeing how Facebook was originally intended just for Harvard students, before it started expanding to include other schools. I remember when it was only available for college students.
user1: I remember that, too! You needed a University email to sign up on Facebook, now everyone is on it. I don't remember is being called, "TheFacebook" though. I think dropping the "the" was a good idea from Sean Parker
user2: Oh yes, it started allowing anyone at all to join my junior year of high school, and everyone was so excited to get a chance to sign up! I agree that dropping the the from Thefacebook at Parkers suggestion was a good idea, it made the name seem snappier and more memorable.
user1: Oh you're a little younger than me, I was old enough to sign up while it was exclusive to college students my Freshman year. But it was open to everyone soon after that. I do have to say, I wasn't surprised to see the company move to Palo Alto after a while, they joined a lot of other big technology companies out there.
user2: Ah, that sounds like it would have been really cool to get to use Facebook when it still only allowed people with university emails to sign up - bet it felt pretty cool and exclusive (which it seems like was the whole point, at that time anyway!). I wasnt surprised to hear the company had moved to Palo Alto either once it started becoming more popular. Palo Alto is sort of the gathering place for most large tech companies.
user1: I felt kind of bad for Zuckerberg when he kept getting sued at the end.
user2: I sort of did too, but then I remembered how much of a jerk hed been to his supposed friend, Saverin, and how even now he tries to make it seem like Facebook was started solely by him with no help or outside influence. So then I tend to agree with his defense lawyer - that hes seen as callous and uncaring, which makes him pretty a unsympathetic character. He didnt even really seem bothered by the whole awful lawsuit with his friend.
user1: That's very true, he did really screw his friend over for a little bit of money. I found it a little funny how he kept refreshing the page after he friend requested his Ex girlfriend. 
user2: It just seemed so cold to do that to someone who was his friend and had been there with him from the very beginnng of Facebook. And yes, I thought it was petty funny how he just kept refreshing his ex girlfriends page, waiting for her to accept his friend request. Kind of showed me that he was still bothee
user2: *bothered, even years later, by her rejection of him.
user1: Yea, it was like it came full circle for him. It looks like there is an error since the last sentence says something about Superman and Clark's coffin.
user2: Hah yes I saw that bit about Superman, kind of threw me for a loop for a second, but I assume its just an error. And yes, I liked how the movie came full circle, like you said.

conversation:
user1: Hey how are you doing?
user2: Good, how you doing todoya?
user2: wow typos, today.
user1: Really good just looking for a new movie to watch.
user2: Awesome. Do you typically like dramas?
user1: I definitely do, also action movies, both are my favorite genres.
user2: Those are the best. I'm looking at a movie from 2010, is that too old for you? 
user2: Or do you not have a preference.
user1: 2010 is fine, whats the name of the movie?
user2: The movie is The Social Network, have you seen it?
user1: I have not, who stars in it?
user2: It stars Jesse Eisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg and Andrew Garfield
user2: But there is also Justin Timberlake in the film as well.
user1: Sounds like a good cast, I like Justin Timberlake, what is the movie about?
user2: The movie is a biographical drama about Mark Zuckerberg creating Facebook and the drama that enfolds between business partnerships.
user1: Sounds really interesting, I enjoy those kinda of movies, any specific scenes that were intense or dramatic?
user2: Yeah definitely, one of the big things that happened before Facebook was when Mark was broken up with by his girlfriend. 
user2: He created a website called Facemash, which is a place to steal females photos and post them, rating them on their attractiveness. 
user1: I bet she regrets that now haha, and oh wow i didnt realize he did that, guess he's a pretty mean guy after all
user1: I wonder if facebook would've took off if people knew that
user2: Yeah, you're telling me. Also, Facebook used to go by "The Facebook" and adapted the term "Facebook me"
user2: Napster was one of the first people that were interested in Facebook.
user2: I don't knoww either, I feel like that's a pretty shady website that he made before.
user1: Interesting, I didn't know that either, any other cool scenes in the movie?
user2: So far, just that after Mark made a deal, he moved from Palo Alto, California to New York.
user1: I think i'll definitely check it out then, seeing how facebook was created would be really intriguing.
user2: The movie has received a lot of high ratings as well.
user1: What was in new york?
user1: Oh really, how about the ratings, I'd love to see them.
user2: Yeah, Rotten Tomatoes gave the movie a 96% or a 9 out of 10 rating, which is kinda crazy.
user2: The Metacritic Score was 95/100 as well!
user1: 95/100 is amazing, sounds like I should definitely watch it, must be up with the top movies in 2010.
user2: Definitely, I would watch it for the cast lineup on its own.
user2: As for drama, there is a huge lawsuit in the film, I don't want to give too much away.
user2: But basically, Andrew Garfield accuses Mark Zuckerberg of stealing the whole idea.
user1: That sounds intense, thanks for not spoiling it. Sounds like Mark was quite a shady character.

conversation:
user1: Hi. 
user2: Hi have you seen the movie The social network?
user1: No, what is it about?
user2: It's pretty interesting.  It's about how Facebook was founded.
user1: Sounds interesting. Who stars in the movie?
user2: The main star is Jesse Rosenberg.  But even Justin Timberlake is in it!
user1: Oh wow. Is it funny?
user2: There is a lot of wit.  Definitely has some dark irony and drama.
user1: Mhmm did you see it in a theater?
user2: I did...when it was released in 2010.  Have you heard about Mark Zuckerberg, the founder of Facebook before?
user1: A little bit. He married a doctor. He is a philanthropist. That is all I know. What did you learn about him?
user2: Well the creation of Facebook all started because his girlfriend in college dumped him.  He created a way online for everyone to be able to rate if the girls at school were hot or not!
user1: That is pretty cool. Way to turn the situation into a positive. What college did he go to?
user2: Pretty sure it was Harvard.  He initially got in trouble when he started the website and it crashed servers.  Then the school realized he hacked into their system to get the pictures of the female students.
user1: Oh wow. That is crazy. Did he get kicked out? 
user2: He just got a couple of months of academic probation.
user1: Oh nice. He is pretty successful now. What was Justin Timberlakes role in the movie?
user2: He played the cofounder of Napster.  He met with Zuckerberg and gave him some business ideas. 
user1: Cool. What rating out of 10 would you give the movie?
user2: Probably 8.  It was pretty interesting.   Rotten tomatoes gave it 9 out of 10.
user1: Those are high marks. Maybe I will check it out. What else can you tell me?
user2: Justin Timberlake's character is the one that suggested the name be changed from "the Facebook " to just Facebook. 
user1: Smart move. The Facebook does not have the same ring. Facebook is a huge success. I wonder what happened to Napster. 
user2: Yeah the whole movie keeps going back and forth between the story of how it was created and then the lawsuit between the upperclassmen and Zuckerberg.  A lot of stuff is talked about that I had no idea about. 
user1: What was the lawsuit about?
user2: The upperclassmen felt like they should get more money from Facebook and say Zuckerbeg stole their idea and all.
user1: The movie sounds interesting. Was it very long?
user2: I don't remember it being too long.  The best thing is that at the end, Zuckberg goes to Facebook and tries to friend the girl that broke up with him in the beginning of the movie.
user2: You should definitely check it out!
user1: Hahaha that is funny. I will check it out

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: good morning
user2: Have you seen The Social Network?
user1: no
user1: i heard about it, but would like to watch it
user2: Its a great movie, 
user2: its about the founding of Facebook
user2: its really interesting
user1: Ok, yes sounds really exiting.
user2: has good actors and I like the director as well.
user1: Ok.Can you tell me more about it please
user1: Besides who is the director of this plot?
user2: Ok sure!
user1: Thank you
user2: The director is David Fincher
user1: Ok. Did you enjoy his work
user2: and the movie is about Mark Zuckerberg, and how this 19 year old student at the time started his journey to create Facebook 
user2: Yeah, I did enjoy his work, I thought the movie was really interesting and it has great movie ratings 
user1: That sound enterpraising
user2: that tells you a lot about the movie
user1: It is right up my alley.
user2: it has a Rotten Tomatoes score of 9/10 and a Metacritic score of 95/100
user2: both pretty good
user1: I love what I am hearing.
user2: The actors are also pretty good
user2: I liked how they acted in the movie
user1: Thank you for the info
user1: It is really useful.
user2: Im glad im being able to help!
user2: so would you like to know who the actors are?
user1: I think you should be an advocate in your circle, when it comes down to movies.
user1: Yes, sure, please.
user2: Yeah I agree. 
user2: and the main actors are Jesse Eisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg
user2: and Andrew Garfield as Eduardo Saverin
user1: Ok. I am fallowing you.
user2: I hope you watch it!
user2: you wont regret it
user1: Yes, for sure.

conversation:
user2: It is a fun movie, and learned a lot about fb
user1: Me too, I went to the movie thinking I wouldn't like it but it was fun in the end.
user2: I use FB a lot do you?
user1: Some what I keep up with my friends that way.
user1: Me too, but is there anything you don't like about it.
user1: sometimes the ads get boring, same old stuff.
user1: the acting in the movie was realistic. I actually believed the story line.
user2: me too, the way they took a company from nothing to a huge company was amazing. But I guess you have bumps along the way like they did in everything.
user1: I didn't know Justin was such a good actor. I think he should have won an award.
user2: me too. I wonder who true to the facts the story was, or was it made up a lot?
user2: I love going to movies like this one.
user1: me too, it was full of humor and that is one the reasons I go to the movies.
user1: It was interesting how he did the social network at Harvard and caused such issues with everyone.
user2: I know, you take for granted that FB and social networks had been around forever and that everyone would like them.
user1: boy the college didn't seem happy but I bet they are now
user2: yep looking back I bet they like the recognition
user1: I do believe he came up with the way to make the program better, but he should have acknowledged the others
user2: true
user2: working together is way it should have been.
user1: totally agree. they had a idea, and he made it work. 
user1: but he was a jerk sometimes too
user1: I would think he would be hard to work with
user2: definitely would be
user2: most people like him have their temperamentally ways.
user2: it was a well received movie.
user2: all of my friends liked it. 
user1: mine too
user1: I remember it was in the theaters for a long time.
user1: is this type of movie you generally watch.
user2: yes I like comedy with some romance and intrigue is goo
user2: how about you
user1: Romantic comedy is my favorite. I went to this one because of my FB usage and I was intrigued. 

conversation:
user1: hai
user2: hi!
user1: network had been very useful for all activities
user2: It is a very realistic movie
user1: oh
user2: Overall great reviews, I think that i would like it. What about you?
user1: ya very much
user2: cool, i like mark zuckerberg he is a snek man
user1: i liked him a lot 
user2: yea
user2: so whats your favorite genre
user2: come back friend
user1: then anything else
user2: i like comedies
user1: horror only i like
user1: thrilling too
user2: ooh horrors are so fun 
user1: interesting too
user2: yeah for sure, i enjoy the suspense 
user1: then 
user2: i especially love true story horrors
user1: true stories....
user1: good
user2: yesss makes it more exciting ]!
user1: what about social media
user2: cool we are almost there i think! do you know if we have to talk about this particular movie to get the monies ?
user2: i like instagram and snapchat 
user2: you?
user1: instagram and facebook and twitter
user2: ah yes, facebook of course
user2: mark zuckerberg ayyy
user1: facebook is really interesting
user1: yeahhhh
user2: it is! i cannot believe how he developed it as a college student
user2: it has grown so much!
user1: ofcourse he is really great
user2: yeah, i bet The Social Network really does him justice
user1: good then
user2: yep, good reviews and interesting, accurate scenes
user1: reviews are great
user2: ya for sure
user1: what about online shopping
user2: thats where i do most of my shopping, you?
user1: yes i too 
user1: bt there is one thing good in that

conversation:
user2: Hello, how are you?
user1: Im good how are you?
user2: I'm great thanks. So, what movie are we talking about today?
user1: We will be talking about the social network, have you seen it?
user2: I haven't is it good?
user1: Yes it is!
user1: Do you use facebook>
user1: ?
user2: Yep, every day. Way too much lol.
user1: Haha well the movie is about how facebook got started!
user2: Oh, that's interesting. I would assume it was just some nerds with a computer code.
user2: Was it dramatic?
user1: hahah its actually a very get story
user1: i would say yes, lots of drama and the movie ends in a giant lawsuit
user2: Wasn't Justin Timberlake in it?
user2: Oh cool. It sounds better than I would have thought.
user1: yes he played the founder of nabster, and an invenstor in facbook
user2: So was there another Mark Zuckerberg at the beginning
user2: but then they broke up?
user1: well sorta he esecially stole the idea from 2 other students at harvard, then they suied him and pretty much lost his core team from the begining becasue of arrogance 
user2: Oh I see. Did he lose the lawsuit?
user1: yes he did they settled on a payout
user2: That must have been some payout. Facebook is worth so much money now
user1: right i dont remember but i wanna say it was millions or even billions
user2: That's crazy. It's interesting to find out the drama behind the stuff we take for granted every day now.
user1: exactly exactly and its crazy to think how rude and just how it all came to be and now look at it!
user2: Yea, they never could have imagined it becoming so tremendous. I wonder what it will become 5 years from now.
user2: It sounds like a good movie.
user1: yea alos mark dropped out of harvard to to pursue FB so he is technially a collage drop out ha
user1: but yes very good movie highly recommend it
user2: haha wow. Yea I guess when you're that smart, what the heck are you doing in college anyway right?
user2: Well, thank you so much for the information, I'll definitely be checking the movie out.
user2: It's been a pleasure meeting you!
user1: well he was going for computer science, and just happened to stumble on this oppurtunity haha
user1: yes you as well enjoy

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello
user1: What is your opinion about this movie? I think it is an interesting topic 
user2: Yes,  I agree
user2: Do you agree with the rating?
user1: No I would not based on the fact that it takes liberties with the facts, I would like it more if it was more factual  
user2: Do you like movies in this genre?
user1: yes I do
user1: do you
user2: Yes, I do
user2: What was you favorite scene?
user1: The scene where he creates Face smash, and the heart break that triggers it
user2: Yes, that was good!
user1: do you think its ratings are justified ?
user2: Not really
user2: I think it is too fictional
user1: I agree
user1: Do you think the cast was a good pick ?
user2: I think the cast is ok. I liked Justin Timberlake
user2: as Sean Parker
user1: Jesse Eisenberg is a strange choice. He just doesnt really fit the roll
user2: Yes, I agree
user1: The twins actor is spot on 
user2: It is not too much biographical
user1: No they really play out the drama to an overt lengths I feel 
user2: LIke a soap-opera
user1: How do you feel about the scenes being cut with flash backs 
user2: I think it is overdone
user1: It feels like poor story telling when flash backs are used 
user2: Yes, I agree

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hello, a pleasure to meet you. Feel like going to the movies/
user2: Yes! :D
user2: Have you heard of the movie "The Social Network"?
user1: Wow, I missed it out when it was released. Did you have the chance to watch it?
user2: No I have not, I have heard a bit about it though. It seems interesting!
user1: I wonder what the plot is about...
user2: In the document I have, it says it is a biographical drama about the founding of facebook
user2: Do you use facebook?
user1: Wow, that sounds like a current topic! i use it every now and then; I prefer YouTube
user2: Yes, I prefer instagram. I feel like everyone has a facebook though so it definitely is a relative concept!
user1: Do you know who writes the musical score? I am fond of musicians on film!
user2: I am not sure, it does not say
user1: That's fine. Anyway, I guess it has a lot of drama in it..
user1: Any famous actor or actress there?
user2: Jesse Eisenberg plays the creator of Facebook Mark Zuckerberg, I've never really liked him as an actor, I am curious how he acts in this movie.
user2: Have you heard of Jesse Eisenberg?
user1: Not really.
user1: But I missed an important one. Who's the director?
user2: The director's name is David Fincher
user2: I am not sure what else he directs, do you know?
user2: Jesse Eisenberg was one of the main characters in Zombieland
user1: Wow, that does sound interesting!
user1: I have heard about other David Fincher films, and the only ones coming to my mind are "Alien 3" and "Seven" a crime ovie
user1: excuse me, a crime movie
user2: Ooo those sound intriguing!
user1: Yep. Any reviews of that movie you have heard of?
user2: Well this movie got a Rotten Tomatoes score of 96% but I don't know who is judging through rotten tomatoes because most of the time their reviews do not align with my opinions of movies haha
user1: Lol! That is so right!
user2: It seems to have scored high through other reviewers, it could be worth the view.
user2: Have you heard about how Facebook AI recently created their own language?
user1: i have heard something but have not looked in depth..
user1: But definitely every project they undertake is a breakthrough
user1: So, feel like renting it for this weekend?
user2: It is pretty interesting, I could imagine our world being controlled by artificial intelligence; it seems like the scary direction we are headed towards
user2: Yes! 
user2: Thank you for conversing with me! Have a wonderful day!
user1: The same to you. Nice conversing to you, my pleasure!

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hey, how's it going?
user1: It's going well, nice and cold here. 
user1: Have you seen the movie Social Network?
user2: Good ole Winter. Perfect time to watch movies, because yes! I just watched it :) 
user1: I have not seen it yet, not sure If it's the type of movie I would watch.
user1: I know of some of the actors in it though, Andrew Garfield is a great actor
user2: Oh man, you should see it. The acting is great. Do you like biographical films?
user1: Yes, but historical movies, not so much for modern subject, especially social network.
user1: It received high remarks though, maybe I can get myself to watch it sometime.
user2: Gotcha. Well, maybe this one will be the one that opens your eyes to the genre! 
user2: Some even labeled it as "Move of the Year" when it came out in 2010
user2: The drama aspect adds a good deal of artistic license to it that should make it more enjoyable than a typical modern biographical
user1: That was a while ago, I thought it was newer, but movies stand the age of time.
user2: Yup. Yes, 2010 was quite some time ago. I'm a bit of a techie, so I like to know about the history of popular modern technology, which is why I enjoyed this film.
user2: Especially the early portrayal of Mark Zuckerberg
user1: Well that is good. I will have to try and watch it one night.
user1: I am not familiar with the director.
user1: I didn't know that Justin Timberlake was in this movie either.
user2: I'm a fan of Aaron Sorkin's film writing, so I enjoyed the screenplay aspect of this film. 
user2: Yes, Justin Timberlake plays Sean Parker.
user1: I only know of Mark Zuckerberg and his Facebook career from college a little, that is about it.
user2: Gotcha. Well you see, Sean Parker was the founder of Napster and helped Zuckerberg and associates from college to spread the network to become the billion dollar brand it ended up becoming. 
user1: Ah, I did not know that.
user1: I know Facebook is huge, even years after it was first made.
user2: Yes. Zuckerberg and friends had made success with Ivy League students using their platform, but Sean Parker helped them break out of that and globalize. "The Social Network" is the story of concept inception from the dorm to rapid growth of the billion dollar company
user1: It was also based off a book, from his rise to Facebook I see, on his life. Crazy how much money a social network site could be.
user2: Yes, often it is the simple ideas that make these profound gains. The story is fun though, and I like Justin Timberlake's character in helping out Zuckerberg in the film. 
user1: So it says he was dumped by his girlfriend? I'm sure that drove him to work harder.
user1: It would affect me at least.
user2: I think that inspired him to make the site, yes. But he had much more drama to deal with than that, as it turns out.
user1: Yeah I bet it is.
user2: H eventually dealt with many lawsuits with some of his original partners who claimed they had the rights to the idea for Facebook, and thus deserved a large share of the company, while other partners (Saverin) claimed he diluted his share in FB. 
user1: Yeah, talk about the drama
user1: Too many people trying to take a piece of the pie.
user2: Yes, greed is a heck of a thing. It's funny though, at the end of the film Zuckerberg ends up sending a friend request on FB to his ex girlfriend who dumped him, and waiting for the response. 

conversation:
user1: Hello
user1: David Fincher is a good director. This must be an interesting movie..
user2: Hi there.
user2: Yes, I am sure it is interesting.
user2: Hello?

conversation:
user1: Hi how are you?
user2: Hi, well, thanks. I recommend the movie, The Social Network. 
user1: Oh nice. What's it about?
user2: The beginnings of Facebook.
user1: Oh I think I saw previews for that
user2: Do you like drama films as a genre?
user1: When did it come out?
user2: 2010
user1: Sometimes I like dramas
user2: This one is interesting, well done. I actually read the book also
user2: The opening of the movie happens when Zuckerberg is dumped by his girlfriend. 
user1: Oh who plays Zuckerberg?
user2: Jesse Eisenberg
user1: I didn't know there were books
user2: The book is called "The Accidental Billionaires"
user1: Oh cool I might need to look it up
user2: What info would be most helpful to you in your decision whether to see the movie or not? 
user1: What's the plot like?
user2: It is set at Harvard for a while, and then the company moves to Palo Alto
user1: Oh that's cool I don't know what Palo Alto is?
user2: A city in CA. The plot centers around the adoption of Facebook and the growth of the company with various people involved in that
user1: Who else was involved. \
user2: Fellow Harvard students, mostly. Looks like the critical response to the movie was good.
user1: Oh what was some of the reveiws?
user2: That the movie was very perceptive, smartly done. 
user2: Also says that some biographical liberties were taken
user1: Is it sad? Or pretty upbeat?
user2: Dramatic is best way to describe. There are a few lawsuits of Harvard students who had some involvement early on...and want compensation as the company grows. 
user1: but a happy ending?
user2: Don't know re: ending. The full name of the book is The Accidental Billionaires: TheFounding of Facebook, A Tale of Sex, Money, Genius and Betrayal, by the way. 
user1: Oh wow that is a HUGE book name
user2: yes!
user1: Do you know what the Betrayal part is?
user2: The Winklevoss twins claim that Zuckerberg stole their idea, while Saverin claims his shares ofFacebook were unfairly diluted when the company was incorporated. The twins and Saverin were fellow Harvard students.

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: good morning!
user1: are you a fan of drama?
user2: yes and huge one
user1: good, cause ive got a hot one for you
user2: please tell me 
user1: the movie inspired by your favorite social network
user1: the social network!
user2: i didn't watch it
user2: is it any good
user1: well, you're in for a treat!
user2: who is playing the roles
user1: first off, its directed by david fincher, who is totally pro. ever hear of a little piece of art called fight club?
user2: wow 
user1: it has a wonderful case, from jesse eisenberg as the creator of facebook
user1: cast**
user1: even justin timberlake as sean parker, the founder of napster
user2: sound goog
user2: how long is the movie
user1: approximately 120 minutes
user1: two hours of wonderful tense drama
user2: any female interesting actress 
user1: not as leads, but rooney mara is in it
user2: i like her,this movie sound now even more interesting
user1: yes! it has a 96% rating on rotten tomatoes
user1: thats like, super good considering this movie is 8 years old now
user2: to me will be fresh tonight 
user1: indeed! definitely a quality film
user2: any more interesting events in it that i should know
user2: scenes to pay attention '
user1: well theres a slightly hilarious pair of twins in the film
user1: that are total bros
user1: but are both played by one guy: armir hammer
user1: camera tricks and cuts, amirite
user2: who was that guy sounds familiar 
user2: did he played in others movies
user1: this movie was my first time seeing him, but he went out to play the lone ranger, if that rings a bell
user1: hes got a great chin.
user2: cool

conversation:
user1: hi
user1: Are you there?
user2: hi

conversation:
user2: Hello, how are you today?
user1: I am doing well andyou
user2: Doing great.
user1: good
user2: How do you feel about Biography movies?
user1: I enjoy them very much because i was a history major
user2: Hey me too! 
user1: How about that
user2: I'm in my senior year lol
user2: Thats a whole other story though. You've heard of Mark Zuckerberg right?
user1: yes the Facebook guy right
user2: Yeah, they made a biographic drama based on his life
user2: The movie is called "The Social Network".
user1: really that should be a interesting story
user2: I didn't think it would be very interesting, and actually it isn't but when they added the drama element to the film it was much better than anticipated.
user2: The story covers his creation of Facebook and the aftermath of his success
user1: i think his sucess is interesting more then the film
user2: I agree, and I think the director saw that too. They focused on his personal and legal complications in the movie.
user2: Facebook itself was barely mentioned.
user1: Facebook is huge so i can see that
user2: One part of the story I found really interesting.
user1: well its the story of mark putting it together 
user1: which part?
user2: His girlfriend left him and he posted her images and such on a slam website. He was cause by his school and given half a year's probation for the incident.
user2: Seems like Mark isn't the squeaky clean genius I thought he was.
user1: wow you can say that again
user2: His girlfriend got paid some serious money though.
user2: they settled in court.
user2: Witout ruining too much of the film, there is a lot more to it and that was only one of his many problems during his success.
user1: I am  glad that she got paid 
user2: Yeah, you pretty much do anything to a woman and your bank account will take a hit nowadays.
user1: wow he had some issues
user1: yes it will
user2: He had a lot of issues surprisingly. It just makes you realize everyone is human, even if they are filthy rich.
user2: I think the rating for the movie are a bit too high, I think it would give you an impression of it being the best movie ever made.
user1: you are right about that. they think because they have money they can live by a different morals 
user2: It's not. I'd give it a 7 at most, but rotten tomatoes gave it a 9/10 for some reason.
user2: Yeah, money tends to complicate people.
user2: Overall I'd recommend the movie to you.
user1: yes a 7 its most have been just a fair movie
user2: It's a decent watch.
user1: Its sounds like it
user2: Thanks for chatting with me, have a good rest of your day.
user1: thank you and have a good day as well.

conversation:
user2: Hi, have you watched this movie?
user1: No I have not  
user1: What baout you?
user1: *about
user2: I have but i don't remember many details
user2: I know it's based on true story about facebook and Mark Zuckerberg
user1: Nor do I, what was the name of the movie again
user2: Oh, sorry. I just realized you don't have the document
user2: We are talking about The Social Network movie
user2: It came out in 2010 and it's based on true story
user1: Ah okay, no I haven't seen the movie. 
user1: I know you said that you saw it, would you recommend it ?
user2: It was good! The ratings are great too
user2: Rotten tomatoes is 96%
user2: Do you ever look at the ratings before deciding to watch or movie or not
user1: That's great. Do you remember who the main actor is?
user1: I do tend to look at the rating but I don't let it sway my choice that much.
user2: Jesse Eisenberg is playing Mark Zuckerberg. Also Justin Timberlake isin this movie
user1: Okay, those are two great actors and I am really interested in seeing the movie now
user2: You should. It was interesting to see how facebook was created
user2: Do you like movies based on true events?
user1: I have always been curious about things like that, Its great to know how things are made. I really enjoy movies that are based off real life. How long is the movie
user2: I'm not sure. This document doesn't mention it
user1: Thats something I can look up before renting it. 
user1: Do you enjoy movies based off real life events?
user2: I need to watch it again because i really don't remember much about it
user2: Yes i do and i usually google the info about the events
user2: I'm always curious to know more about the real events
user1: so do I . I like to have an idea about what Im going to see and to understand the events 
user2: yup. 
user2: Critics agree this movie is great
user1: Fantastic I will def check it out asap
user2: One of the critics called it the movie of the year
user1: i cant believe I never watched it. It seems like it is something that I would enjoy 

conversation:
user2: Hi
user2: there? 
user2: have your read the document ?
user1: Yes, I have. 
user1: Let's talk about movies!
user2: yes ok
user1: Have you ever seen The Social Network?
user2: which movie have you selected ?
user1: The Social Network
user2: yes 
user2: the one in which Mark Zuckerberg  story is pictured 
user2: Jesse Eisenberg is my favorite actor who played as Mark Zuckerberg 
user1: Yes. It's a great movie. It's a highly rated movie on Rotten Tomatoes with an average score of 96%
user2: on IMDb it got 7.7 rating 
user2: i guess it sould be around 8.5
user1: It also has Andrew Garfield who plays Eduardo Saverin. He's a great actor.
user2: sometimes got high rating on its first show then slightly goes down 
user2: i got late into cinema and had skipped the first part of show 
user1: Do you agree with the rating of the movie from IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes?
user2: did they show his childhood also ?
user2: i am agree with rotten tomatoes 
user2: but not with IMDb 
user1: The story actually begins when he's in college, aged 19.
user2: wow great 
user2: how did he hit upon the idea of Facebook 
user2: as he was not too much social 
user1: It actually began when he coded his own site using Harvards Network. The site was called Facesmash which allowed people to rate other people attractiveness. It was so popular that it crashed Harvards severs. 
user2: yeah 
user2: first he started within his friends
user2: then it spread amoung the university 
user1: Yes, then he actually began the process of making the site. It was originall called The Facebook.
user2: why did he dropped out from harvards ? just due to he crashed the harvards server . 
user1: No, he was only placed on academic probation for that.
user2: how many symesters did he manage to pass ?
user1: I don't believe it addresses that in the movie. The movie intercuts between different scenes and times.
user2: it was very hard for him when he finds that his unprecedented success leads to both personal and legal complications.
user1: Yes, he had legal issues with both the Winkevoss twins and also his best friend Eduardo Saverin.
user2: did they show his personal life ?
user2: like how did he met his wife ?
user1: They did, it mostly revolved around his ex-girlfriend at the time.
user2: hahahha
user2: cool
user1: Yeah,it actually ends with him sending her a friend request on Facebook and he's sat there refreshing the page over and over again.
user2: from start to end it was all good and intresting
user1: I agree, it's a great movie.
user2: yes indeed
user1: I believe this is the end of our conversation, right? I don't see a new document being presented.
user2: yes of course 
user2: finish conversation if you feel so 

conversation:
user2: .EIVOM DOOG A EKIL SDNUOS SIHt
user2: I LIKE THAT THERE ARE NAMES THAT I RECOGNIZE CONNECTED WITH THIS REVIEW.
user1: It got a Metacritic Score of 95/100.

conversation:
user1: hello
user1: Have you seen the Social Network?
user2: Hello! Yes I have seen the movie, have you?
user1: Yes, but it's been a while
user1: atleast a few years ago, maybe in 2013 or 14
user2: Oh that's a bummer. It was rated a 9/10
user1: Not too bad considering rotten tomatoes and metacritic usually have terrible scoring
user1: The actor that played mark zuckerberg did really well I thought. I haven't seen him in any other movies that i know of.
user1: I guess this had a book to it as well.
user2: I agree, he did a good job. It did good since the critics gave good commentaries about the movie
user1: Yeah i agree.
user2: It also had a few popular actors too like Justin Timberlake 
user1: I also like justin timberlake in this movie too.
user1: I dont think i'm familiar with any of the other names
user2: Me neither 
user1: It is really hard to believe that THIS is the story of facebook.
user1: i bet when they created this back in 2003 (the program) they never thought it would be what it is today.  
user2: Yeah I know seems so surreal and I didn't know the whole backstory about the lawsuit 
user1: i didnt know til the movie that it had happened.
user1: i mean i guess the other ppl really did "create" it. I think I would have sued too!  It's worth so much now
user2: Yeah I know! Interesting 
user1: i can't believe this movie is 8 years old tho- it seems like i just seen it
user2: I guess that's why it got a B+
user1: Gosh and I remember the days of "napster" i used that back in the day
user1: i forgot that justin timberlake played the owner of that
user2: really that's been a while 
user2: Yeah or the iconic "Facebook me" phrase 
user1: yeah it would of been like when I first got a computer.  I remember napster and ICQ too it was a program sort of like yahoo messenger.  so weird to think back on all that stuff
user1: hahaha right we all say that now!
user1: and they were pretty smart dropping "the" i don't think we would be like "the facebook me"  lol
user2: It caught on quick to other colleges, and look now it's as popular as ever 
user1: right! young kids, adults, even older people... businesses.  man it's mad.  and now no so many swing off of it- snapchat, instagram, twitter... geesh
user1: im surprised all of those programs don't have movies yet haha
user2: I know but none will top off the story of mark zuckerberg, a social network creator of his own
user1: nope- i mean just look at poor myspace... that was the thing.....
user2: Except for the twins suing him 
user1: I never thought id get on facebook i was a myspacer  and that was it
user1: now nobody uses myspace! lol
user1: and facebook didn't come out too soon aftermyspace... and since what 2008 or whenever facebook came to be NOTHING has trumped it
user2: Poor Tom. But to think Facebook was originally created to meet people 
user1: i should look up those twin names and see where they are now. nobody hears about them. 
user1: oh gosh i guess they have ties to bitcoin now lol
user1: We are done here tho.  This has been nice talking to you! 
user2: Ok

conversation:
user1: I have never seen this. I am not sure I want to.
user2: It doesn't look that great to me either.
user1: I think my money would be better spent elsewhere....
user2: Do you usually watch movies with good Rotten Tomatoes ratings? It has pretty good ratings.
user1: It does look like they got the A list cast. And yes, I do consider those ratings. I am not particularly interested in the subject matter.
user1: Uh, oh. Looks like you left.

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hello!
user1: Have you seen the movie The Social Network?
user2: I haven't yet, what do you think about it?
user1: It's a really good movie. It
user1: It's a biographical drama about the creator of Facebook
user2: Oh? Do you know any of the actors playing in it?
user1: Yeah, it has Jesse Eisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg, Andrew Garfield as his friend who sort of co-founded it, and Justin Timberlake
user2: That sounds exciting! What goes on in the movie?
user1: Well a lot, haha. It's pretty much about getting Facebook to be a successful social media website, and meanwhile, Mark Zuckerberg is battling a few legal lawsuits between a few characters. 
user2: How true is it to real life?
user1: Well given that the actual people in real life didn't really contribute to the movie, I have to imagine a lot of it is dramatized and takes liberties in a lot of areas to make a more dramatic movie. But I do know that a lot of it is pretty accurate.
user2: Of course, they would have to dramatize a bit to make a real life situation more interesting. Has anyone given it good reviews?
user1: Yeah it's gotten a lot of good reviews. Some called it the best movie of the year, Metacritic gave it a 95/100, and CinemaScore gave it a B+
user2: I trust RottenTomatos a bit more, did they provide a score?
user1: Yeah, they gave it a 96%
user2: Good to know. Who do you feel would be the best audience to see this? Would it better for my teenaged daughter or more for Friday date night?
user1: I think this is a good movie for tennagers and adults. This would be a good movie to watch and be able to discuss afterward because it really plays on a lot of what's happening now with Social Media, and our dependence on technology. 
user2: Oh? How much does it go into our dependence on social media/technology?
user1: A lot, it's one of those movies that you can really sit back and think about how much time we consume on Social Media and how we want ourselves to appear to others on a surface level. 
user2: Is it a movie would consider worth seeing more than once?
user2: Or more of a one time, see what people are talking about kind of thing?
user1: Yeah, absolutely. It's a really intriguing movie, and it's shot beautifully. Not only does it analyze a lot of social media, but it also relate-able for it's focus on friendships and relationships.
user1: It's also not told straight through in chronological order. It's inter-cut with scenes from various court depositions that make the movie really entertaining because you're waiting to see what will happen. 
user2: Do you think it will inspire more movies about society and social media? 
user2: I mean does the Social Network set the tone for "Filters" for instagram or (dated reference) 6 Seconds for Vine?
user2: Or do you think this is more of a one time production about a global force?
user1: I don't think so. I think Facebook was huge and the story behind it was really crazy and dramatic so it made for a good movie. I don't forsee movies being made about other social media platforms. 
user2: Is there anything else notable about the movie that might make a difference in whether I see it? It's not rated something crazy is it?
user1: This movie begins with a breakup between Mark and his girlfriend, which kind of pushes him to do something and it gives him the idea for facebook. He recruits a lot of his Harvard buddies to help him and they garner a lot of success in a short period of time, but not without a lot of drama along the way. 
user1: No it's not. I think it's rated PG-13
user2: Thank you.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: ?grebrekcuZ kraM sa grebnesiE esseJ do kniht uoy did tahW
user2: I think he played a great role.
user1: Yes really fitting for the film, directed by David Fincher and Aaron Sorkin.
user2: Do you think the ratings were on point?
user1: For a movie based on an excellent book by Ben Mezrich, I totally agree
user2: I have to agree with on that too
user1: I appreciate the ensemble cast of Armie Hammer, Andrew Garfield, and Justin Timberlake.
user2: They all came together perfectly
user1: That is exactly what I was thinking! Although it was not totally accurate, the film made up for it with excellent drama.
user1: Zuckerberg had a really interesting background.
user2: Do you think the key scene to is to be believed as true?
user1: I am not sure, but did you know that Facebook was originally called Facemash?
user2: That I did not know
user1: Also, Zuckerberg was inspired to create the site after being dumped by his now ex-girlfriend.
user2: That I had heard
user1: Isn't it impressive that facebook spread from one ivy league school to another?
user1: Are you human?
user2: Its very impressive and yes
user1: It was interesting that the company moved all the way to Palo Alto.
user1: Are they monitoring this conversation?
user2: Yeah, to make sure we are on the right topic lol
user1: Just making sure. It seems that Sean Parker had a lot of help in forming what Facebook is today.
user2: Yes thats true.  
user2: Who says " Facebook me" is still in use today. More so over "text me"
user1: Yeah definitely today, but back in the early 2000's smartphone technology was inferior to what it is today.
user1: Especially in 2003 when Facebook was just starting up.
user2: thats so true
user2: and back then it was about MySpace
user1: Exactly
user2: But Facebook did fly quickly when it caught on
user1: I think they just combined Social Network and Batman vs Superman in the third paragraph
user1: Yeah and its still used today, except with a lot more controversy
user2: As soon as the hype hit with facebook i switched to fb.
user1: I did the same thing
user1: Zuckerberg really has a callous attitude.
user2: Yeah I was never fond of him.
user2: we can end the convo now, we hit our mark
user1: I guess all the accusations made by the Winklevoss twins and Saverin changed him
user1: Ok awesome

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: Hello!  This movie really good a good score from Rotten Tomatoes!

conversation:
user2: Hello?
user1: Hi
user1: The movie is The Social Network, with Jesse Eisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg
user2: Alright :)
user2: What is it mainly about?
user2: brief synopsis 
user1: It's a biographical drama film from the book "The Accidental Billionaires: The Founding of Facebook" by Ben Mezrich (2009)
user1: It's about the founding of Facebook and the situation around the lawsuits against them, in brief
user2: Is it comedic at all?
user1: Not quite, it's more of a drama
user1: There's not much humor in a lawsuit
user2: I have never heard of that actor.. is he known for being cast in good films?
user1: I'm sure he has, if he's in a movie about Facebook
user2: haha I GUESS, yeah.
user1: Either before this movie, or after this movie (it was a success and had high ratings)
user2: what's the age rating
user1: I don't think it's rating R or anything, but it's more relevant to near-college aged students and people in college. Basically young adults.
user1: Being that it takes place at Harvard Uni
user2: ok, what sge would you consider young adult?
user2: age*
user1: About 17 and older
user2: 17 to which age
user1: 17-23 I mean
user1: Though anyone super interested in Facebook in general would be interested in the movie
user2: ok thanks..
user2: so how accurate is the movie actually
user1: It's a biographical drama, so it's based on real life but not every specific detail is accurate
user1: It has the drama surrounding the Winklevoss twins
user1: And about him being at Harvard, that much is definitely true
user2: Hmm, I dont know much about facebook's history so I would have to google that. :)
user2: is the movie motivational or inspiring?
user1: I'm sure it is, it shows the successful birth of Facebook
user2: is it available on netflix?
user1: There's some turmoil during the movie though the social network gets created eventually
user1: It might be
user1: Seeing that it's 95/100 on metacritic I'm sure it's easily available somewhere
user2: perfect thanks
user1: Sure :)
user2: surprisingly I have genuinely never seen the film :)
user2: take care now
user1: Have a good day

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user1: How are you doing today?
user2: I am good. How are you?
user1: I am doing great, thank you!
user1: Today we will be talking about the movie "The social network"
user1: Have you seen it before?
user2: I thought The Social Network was brillant!
user2: Yes I have seen it.
user2: Sorkin is terrific at dialogue.
user1: I've never seen it before.
user1: It seems interesting though!
user2: It is well worth your time.
user1: What is the main point of the movie?
user2: It shows how Facebook was founded and the people behind it.
user1: That sounds intriguing. What do you think the moral of the story is?
user2: I think the moral is ambiguous but the movie gives real insight into the founding of Facebook.
user2: It's pretty unflinching in it's protrayal of the characters.
user1: That is cool :) I always wondered how Facebook was founded!
user1: I noticed a review speaking of the movie" defining the dark irony of the past decade"; I feel like maybe it is a representation of how much social media has been integrated into our lives.
user2: It definitely shows that, it also is a reflection of the dot.com industry and the unexpected rise of the people involved. So I think that is part of the irony.
user1: It seems like a well thought out film.
user1: What was your favorite scene?
user2: Probably in the beginning, when it shows just hoe unlikely the founders are at becoming so successful and rich.
user2: *how
user1: I like that! 
user2: The combination of David Fincher as director and Aaron Sorkin as writer is a total win for the film.
user1: I wonder, if that is how Mark Zuckerberg was? Unlikely to become successful and rich
user1: And did he actually go to Harvard? Do you know?
user1: What other movies has David Fincher directed?
user2: Yes he went to Harvard
user2: Fincher also directed Fight Club and Zodiac
user1: interesting, it seems like maybe he would have been successful in whatever he chose to do with a degree from such a high quality school
user1: Nice, I have heard of Fight club!
user2: Absolutely, but the chances of him becoming the billionaire he is now were pretty unlikely.
user1: I would like to read the book that this movie is based upon. "The accidental Billionaires"
user1: That is a great point!
user1: Thank you for joining me, have a wonderful day! :D
user2: The film also shows how controversial the founding was because it was tied up in so many lawsuits.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user1: Have you seen Catch me if you Can?
user2: hello 
user2: Have you seen the movie The Social Network? 
user1: Yes I have seen Social Network
user2: It was a awesome movie, showing all the pros and cons of how Facebook came about
user2: I have not seen that movie
user1: I agree it was an interesting film. I dont recall the actors name though
user1: Pls ignor my first q. Old conversation.
user2: I think David Fincher is a pretty good director
user1: The film was well done for sure.
user2: It stars Jesse Elsenberg as Mark Zuckerberg
user1: Show us what a nerd can really do I suppose.
user2: Pretty much
user1: I have seen Jesse in other films, he is prety good at nerdy things.
user2: I didn't realize that Justin Timberlake also played in the movie
user2: He's a better actor than singer to me 
user1: He did? What was his part?
user2: I thought the movie was accurate from the way Facebook has became so popular.
user1: FB is really the in thing anympre to many people. It is a waste of time to me though.
user2: He played Sean Parker, I''m not so sure who Sear Parker to Facebook, I beleive it was Marks college buddy that helped him get it going
user1: I liked the film, I like most documentary like films. 
user2: It is over rated a bunch, but, I'm so glad that it was invented, I get to keep up with old friend and family better
user1: I wish I had bought the stock!
user2: I couldn't believe that Mark was invited to work at Harvard, that was a shock to me
user2: Me too, I would be rich right now
user1: It is shocking. I suppose havard standards are lower these days.
user1: I could have bought it at 20. Grrrr.
user2: but, then again he did attend Harvard University
user2: OMG! lol
user1: Really ticks me off every time I think about it too.
user1: Back to the film.
user2: Well that nerd wasnt always to innocent, he was on acedemic probation for 6 months for crashing part of Harvards computers
user1: LOL school high jinks.
user2: Sear Parker was a co founder of facebook, but I dont think he made it a success like Mark
user1: Ya MZ pretty much screwed over everyone he worked with
user2: The movie does show all the pros and cons of FB
user2: at least it didn't just show the pros if that was the case everybody would be trying to make another fb platform
user1: Pro as in how to keep up with your 500 closest friends you never knew you knew? LoL
user2: and family that comes out the wood works when they think you have something of value...lol
user1: Even if you dont own a thing too! FB brings out all the weirdos
user2: yes it does...I still can't believe that a 19 year old is now a millionaire just by creating a site for people to talk  
user1: Try BILLION aire
user1: many times over too
user2: It's crazy! It all started just for college friends to be able to study together but apart. 
user1: Naw it started with wanting to talk about girls!
user1: Rate their looks
user2: true, because it didn't become about until Marks girlfriend dumped him..
user1: Face as in girls faces Books as in where to put those faces.
user2: I bet she regrets that move! hahaha
user1: Of course, she was not a hooker I suppose.
user2: you never know, she was going to Harvard too! 
user1: there is a profession for everyone of all skills lol
user2: Well i hope you will watch the movie 
user1: I will check it out again. If was fun
user2: yes thanks 
user1: We should wrap this up I guess

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi, How are you?
user2: Good!
user1: Have you seen "The Social Network"?
user2: No, what's it about?
user1: It is based on the forunding and creation of Facebook.
user1: *founding
user1: It's a terrific film
user2: Wait, it sounds familiar
user1: It's directed by David Fincher and written by Aaron Sorkin
user2: What is it about?
user1: It shows the behind-the-scenes of the founding of Facebook and the people involved
user2: Is there any drama to it?
user1: It is a very well made movie
user1: There's a ton of drama
user2: What's that all about?
user1: There were multiple lawsuits involved over who truly created it and who had rights to it
user2: Is it based on real life?
user1: Jesse Eisenberg plays Mark Zuckerberg and did a great job
user2: I like him
user1: Yes, it's based on real life
user2: who else is in it?
user1: He was fantastic in his role
user1: Andrew Garfield
user1: an Justin Timberlake
user2: So how does it end?
user1: Timberlake is actually quite good in it
user1: It shows how the lawsuits come out and how Zuckenberg grabs so much control over the stocks
user2: Did he create it alone?
user1: It's amazing that Facebook was created in a dorm room and to see just how big it has become
user1: No, he had a lot of financial backing
user2: yeah, crazy
user1: There's a lot of tension between everyone that had a hand in it's founding
user2: That's so typical.

conversation:
user1: Hi, the movie I have is The Social Network
user2: Good day to you! I have the same movie document! So do you agree with the critic's ratings of the film?
user1: Yes, I enjoyed the movie and see it has high ratings all around
user2: Very true and same here!  I agree in particular with the Rotten Tomatoes score of 96!
user2: So who was your favorite character? I thought Jesse Eisenberg's portrayal of Mark Zuckerberg was perfect!
user1: My favorite was Andrew Garfield as Eduardo Saverin. He is the most relatable to me. I enjoyed all of the actor's performances though 
user1: Do you think the film was accurate in it's portrayal of events and characters? 
user2: Same here! To answer your question, since it was based on the book The Accidental Billionaires, I hear everything that's seen isn't necessarily to be believed. What about you?
user1: I agree, especially since Mark Zuckerberg was not consulted for the film and his character is often portrayed as callous and manipulative. However, if he was involved in it he would probably want his character to be more positive, even if that wasn't accurate to the real story.
user2:  So true! It's funny how they basically defined the dark irony of the last decade! 
user2: Director David Fincher did an awesome job making this a movie of the year though!
user1: I'd like to see it again, it's been several years and I liked it a lot the first time I saw it. 
user1: Do you know much about the Mezrich book The Accidental Billionaires?
user2: True! It is hard to belive it was released in 2010! I honestly don't other than what Aaron Sorkin based the screenplay on!  Hard to believe this all basically started over Zuckerberg being dumped by his girlfriend!
user1: Same for me. I am curious about the actual events with Mark and his girlfriend. He treats her very poorly in the movie 
user2: So true! Especially how he wrote an insulting entry about her on his LiveJournal blog!
user1: What was your favorite part of the movie?
user2: I'd say when he met Cameron, Tyler and their business partner Divya!  What about you?
user1: I like the scene with the Winklevosses rowing in England (I think?) down the river. It doesn't have too much to do with the plot, though I think it is very aesthetically appealing. 
user2: Agreed! I thought it was cool that Napster's cofounder got involved and presented a billion dollar vision for the company!
user1: What did you think of Armie Hammer playing both of the twins? I thought it was pretty impressive and didn't realize it was the same actor during the movie.
user2: I thought it was very impressive. Brilliant job by Armie and David Fincher directing it!
user1: Did you like the timeline of the film, with events presented mostly through flashbacks during the lawsuits?
user2: I did like the way it was executed intercutting the scenes of depositions taken in the twins' and Saverin's lawsuits. Very dramatic! How about you?
user1: I liked it alot, it made the film fast paced and interesting. I liked being able to see where the events were headed before it showed what happened earlier. 
user2: So true! I am glad they settled with Saverin. I felt that was the appropriate thing to do!
user1: Was there anything you didn't like about the movie? 
user1: Me too! ^^ 
user2: In all honesty, there wasn't! I loved the ending where he sends a friend request to Albright and keeps refreshing the page waiting for a response! What about you?
user1: I don't think there was for me either, I enjoyed all of it. 
user1: Thanks for chatting today ! 
user2: So true! I agree with Rotten Tomatoes score which was near perfect!
user2: Great chatting with you about The Social Network as well! Have a great day!

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hey!
user2: Whats up
user1: Not too much. How do you feel about the movie, The Social Network from reading about it
user2: I have never seen the movie, but I heard that it was good. Do you have an opinion on the movie?
user1: I always think it is fun to compare books to an actual movie. Sometimes the book is better than the movie. I wonder how the movie would compare to the book. 
user2: Who stared in the movie do you know?
user1: Jesse Eisenberg. He has been in a few movies I have seen
user1: and Andrew Garfield
user2: What was the plot of the movie?
user1: About how Mark Zuckerberg and Eduardo Saverin started facebook, and how it got started, and there was  dispute over who actually create the site
user2: Did the movie explain why and what caused there was a dispute between the two?
user1: It did, but I wonder what was Hollywood and what was real
user2: Can you give a brief summary of what the movie said was the dispute?
user1: who actually started facebook. I forget who exactly got credit for what, but I think Saverin encouraged Zuckerberg to create the site after a breakup Zuckerberg had with his then girlfriend
user2: Was the soundtrack to the movie good?
user1: i do not remember
user2: Is this considered a drama?
user1: ehh I could see how it could be. I think they were shooting for a pop culture movie
user2: Do you know who directed the film?
user1: david fincher
user2: I am not a fan of long drawn out movies would this movie fit be good or bad for me?
user1: I think it was good movie. If you are into facebook, you would find it very interesting about the whole process
user2: What year did this movie come out in theaters
user1: 2010
user2: Was Justin Timberlake also in the movie?
user1: yes! he has an interesting role
user2: Could you please elaborate on his role? 
user1: he plays the creator of nabster
user2: What was Nabster?
user1: and he communicates with Zuckerberg about making facebook big
user2: Cool I thank you for your time.
user1: no problem I hope you get to see it sometime

conversation:
user2: hi 
user1: hello
user1: did you enjoy this movie?
user2: how do you feel about this movie? 
user2: i love this movie 
user1: i thought it was a pretty accurate description of the real life of mark zuckerberg 
user1: did you think mark zuckerberg did a good job of playing the role?
user2: from the sound to the cinematography to actors i thought it was a great film  
user2: I love jesse eisneberg I think he really captured marks spirit 
user1: they had a lot of really well known actors in this movie. i think the fact they showed the start-up on the famous Facebook website from start to finish was a good depiction. 
user2: I for sure agree with this rating of the movie is accurate too 
user2: I think it will be a classic 
user1: I think it's cool he actually found his business partners in college too
user2: especially because Facebook is becoming such a common thread  
user1: the movie is very informative on the background of Facebook 
user1: i cant believe the movie has already been out for 8 years 
user2: i think it a pretty accuate description of all of the characters 
user2: i cant believe how much facebook has impacted how we interact with one another 
user1: it wasn't originally called Facebook either, that's pretty interesting
user2: yeah "the facebook"
user1: all thanks to a harvard student that wanted to go online and rant about his day on a blog 
user2: could you imagine if that what it was called now?
user1: what's crazy is he was only 19 when this all began
user2: for a girl breaking up with him 
user1: who would've thought he would be on academic probation from one of the top ivy league schools in the country and go on to be one of the most successful social media creators 
user2: i guess you never know the impact you are going to have on someone 
user2: well just look at steve jobs 
user1: he faced a lot of lawsuits and hardships on the way too
user1: it goes to show that success isn't easy 
user2: he never finished college 
user2: it takes hard work and dedication 
user1: he never needed to finish college, he literally had everything at his fingertips
user2: going against the "norm" 
user1: he really made history
user2: those are the most successful people
user2: insane if you really think about it 

conversation:
user2: Hey there!
user2: Have you seen The Social Network?
user1: no
user1: have you ?
user1: i have not seen it 
user2: Yes, it was a 2010 Biographical Drama starring JesseEisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg
user1: Have you ?
user1: i am sorry , did not mean to repeat the same question
user1: How did you like the movie ?
user2: No worries, I enjoyed it very much, I am a big fan of biographical movies about interesting subjects
user2: this one centering around the beginning of facebook 
user1: It does sound interesting
user1: especially since facebook has gotten so popular, i would like to know more about the founders etc 
user2: yeah it gives you a view from Zuckerbergs college days to his development and some of the personal and legal issues
user2: Its got a 96% grade from Rotten Tomatoes and 95/100 form Metacritic
user1: those are good ratings
user2: Would you consider watching it based upon those ratings?
user1: i like the name of the book The Accidental Billionaires...thats a cool name....grabbed my attention
user1: i would like to read the book and see the movie
user2: that is cool, I'll have to check it out some other time
user2: There was a scene in the movie that was pretty pivotal to the movies development where Mark decided to change the name from Thefacebook.com
user1: i really want to see the movie now 
user2: its still early in the developmental days of the site at Harvard, and a girl who is on the site tells him (Mark) to "facebook me"
user1: So the name was originally Thefacebook ?
user2: exactly, and the girl says that line, leading to them dropping the "the"
user2: I am sorry that was just the first hint, it wasn't until they met with Sean Parker who is portrayed by Justin Timberlake in the movie where he says to them "Drop the "the" and just call it "facebook"
user2: Sean Parker is the guy who started Napster
user1: i really like Justin Timberlake. Did he do a good job acting in this movie ?
user2: I think so, he's kind of an antagonist though 
user2: There was a big legal battle that is detailed in the movie as well
user1: Oh yea, i have heard of Napster
user1: Do you remember Myspace ? i remember Myspace being the first type of social network in a way before Facebook. Once facebook hit the scene though Myspace was done for..lol
user1: I try to imagine how Mark must have felt just creating this small idea and how incredibly huge and popular it became
user2: I do remember MySpace, glad thats over. And whats interesting about Marks idea is how in the first legal battle was between him and some other Harvard students who wanted them to help with coding for their web page which was called "harvard connection"
user2: wanted him to help*
user2: All that being said, do you think you'll check it out?
user1: Mark created something called Facesmash first, right ? And then that created attention and thats how he got involved in the Harvard Connection ? That is what i am gathering from what i read 
user2: yeah, facesmash got the attention of the Winklevosses whose idea was Harvard connection
user1: cool
user2: Well I hope you check it out, cheers!
user1: oh yes thank you , i am going to check it out 

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user2: Have you seen the movie "The Social Network?"
user1: Hello
user1: No, but it is a movie that interests me.
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: Yes, I have. It's really good and has a 96% 9/10 rating on Rotten Tomatoe
user1: I've heard the CinemaSource gave it a B+ rating as well.
user2: Yes, and great actors!
user2: Jesse Eisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg
user2: Really great story and true
user1: Most anything that has Justin Timberlake in it will be good.
user2: true, and the director is pretty notable
user2: It came out in 2010
user1: The fact that it is a true story about Facebook makes it even more interesting.
user2: I know... it was named movie of the year in 2010
user2: I didn't even know there were lawsuits involved in the creation of FB
user1: It is weird that neither Zuckerberg nor any other Facebook staff were involved with the project.
user2: yeah right? It was created in such a unique way
user2: It's drama
user2: so if you like that genre, then this is for you
user1: It's also crazy that Zuckerberg was only 19 while at Harvard when first creating it.
user2: Really? I didn't realize that
user2: he dropped outt too eventually
user2: he was on probation
user1: I didn't know it all started with him being upset about being dumped by his girlfriend Erica Albright
user2: lol me neither!
user2: Oh and the Napster co-founder was who he met
user2: and he impressed zuckerburg with his vision
user2: for FB
user1: Yeah, and it was his idea to drop the word "The" from the original title
user1: Making it Facebook instead of The Facebook
user2: That sounds so much better
user1: FB original headquarters was at Zuckerberg's house
user2: I don't like "The" in it
user2: I didn't realize that The Winklevoss twins accused zuckerburg of stealing their idea
user2: lol and then the girlfriend you mentiond, erica dumped him
user1: and sued him
user1: Wonder if the girlfiend regrets leaving now
user2: Probably, he's rich!!
user2: His new office is in Palo Alto
user2: no longer in his house
user1: Zuckerberg also tries to reach out to Albright on FB even though he sued him at the end of the movie
user2: lol well they were dating for so long...
user2: he also created a campus website called facesmash
user2: he used it to hack into college databases and steal photos of female students
user1: and then let people rate their appearance. 
user1: that is until he crashed some of the colleges websites
user2: yeah he got into huuuuge trouble
user2: he is so smart, yet to stupd
user1: Probably a good thing he moved the headquarters with as big as the company is now....not sure they would all fit in his house
user2: hahaha i don't think so!

conversation:
user1: hello
user1: hello???
user1: anyone there
user2: Hello
user1: oh hi
user1: is this a real person
user2: Yes it is
user2: How are you? Have you seen this film?
user1: I have yes
user1: what do you think about it
user2: I think it's a great movie to watch. The high ratings show a lot of people agree with that!
user2: Who is your favorite actor in the film?
user1: i love all of them really, although no one truly stood out. my favorite actor wasn't in it!
user1: who did you like in it?
user2: I think Justin Timberlake did a very good job playing Sean Parker!
user2: It's funny that his first idea was to call it Facemash
user1: I think he isn't such a great actor though!
user1: he is a singer right?
user2: Yes he is a singer but he has been in a few movies now too!
user2: Did you know it was called thefacebook before just Facebook?
user1: Yeah I did haha
user1: Zuckerberg started that then took it back
user2:  That is very cool that he got to meet the co-founder of Napster at such an early start to the company
user2: That is one of my favorite scenes when he mentions the "billion dollar" vision
user1: I know you're a fake person
user2: Lol no Im not
user2: just following directions
user1: Oh you sound like a bot
user1: Nice
user2: lol nah I just want it to be legit
user2: Is this the type of movie you normally like to watch
user1: Same i need money
user1: i usually watch boring documentaries and cry myself to sleep
user1: what about you
user2: haha 
user2: I like comedies mostly
user2: Good talk, later

conversation:
user1: I thought this was a pretty well done money!
user2: I agree. The rotten tomatoes score is 96%.
user1: All of the major rating sites gave it great reviews.  I really enjoyed the acting and directing thought it was very well done.
user2: I liked Justin Timberlake as Sean Parker. I can't believe it came out 8 years ago, though. 
user1: Yes he great!  I know it is hard to believe that facebook is that old.
user2: "The biographical parts take liberties with its subject." I remember there was some controversy about how accurate the movie was, but it was still entertaining!
user1: Right, we would like the movies we see to be accurate to the original story but the ones making the movie want it to be entertaining.
user2: It's definitely a balance.
user2: Do you typically choose movies based on the rating?
user1: I always look the ratings to see, but I also try to get feedback from people that have seen it that have the same taste in movies as me
user2: I forgot about the part where he creates  Facemash. That was pretty messed up, but, then again, we basically have the same concept on Tinder.
user1: Yes it was pretty awful for him to do that, but like you said we have that with Tinder and all the apps like it.  It has become the social norm now.
user2: Based on just the movie, do you think he "stole" the concept and owed money to the brothers?
user1: Well it is a similar concept, all major inventions or concepts have taken aspects of some other idea from someone else.
user1: He probably should have compensated them for what they showed him but he didnt owe them
user2: Yeah, I agree. I think they had a settlement in the end, but it was more like a slap on the wrist. Facebook is crazy huge now.
user1: Yeah zuckerberg is one of the youngest and richest men in the world
user2: I think he did treat his business partner, Saverin, very poorly. It seemed like Sean Parker just took everything over when they moved to Palo Alto
user1: I agree, was it on purpose, don't know.  With Saverin being in New York defiantly keep him out of the loop on what they were doing in Pal Alto
user2: Saverin probably wasn't going to help the business grow exponentially, which is what Zuckerberg wanted. He still had an important role as the money guy, though.
user2: They make Zuckerberg seem like a complete tool in the movie, but I don't think he's like that in real life.
user1: You know I don't know, but people with that kind of intellect usually come off as smug and arrogant because they have created something so large.  I mean facebook has billions of users.  He is in charge of one of the biggest inventions of the last 100 years.
user2: "After they leave, the dirt atop Clark's coffin levitates." ---- I don't remember this part, do you?
user1: This is just a metaphor they are talking about Clark Kent, which is Superman's secret identity
user2: Oh, that's good. Smart of you to pick up on that part.
user2: I did think the ending was ominous with the refreshing page and all. The new normal of social media.
user1: Yes that was really interesting, we have all just been so consumed with friend requests and likes.
user2: Yes, it seems like everything has a push notification now, not just Facebook.
user1: Yes you can be notified constanly, email, banking, food.  you name it they can notify you.

conversation:
user2: So do you like dramas?
user1: Yeah there ok but I like comedys better 
user1: Why do you think this is called a biological drama if no one from face book helped in the project
user2: I usually do too. But I decided to watch this movie because Justin Timberlake is in it
user2: I was actually asking myself that. To me it is not a biographical movie.
user1: No I dont think is it seems that you would have to talk to the people who run Facebook to find out about whats going on
user2: Exactly. Someone wasn't paying attention when they selected the genre.
user1: Nope should have been something else
user2: do you think the actors chosen were good choices?

conversation:
user2: HHi
user1: Hi! What movie will we be discussing today?
user2: Social Network, you seen it ?
user1: I have not! Do you know what it's about?
user2: ABout the rise of Facebook
user1: Sounds interesting... do you know how the critics rated it?
user2: It was movie of the year in 2010
user1: Very interesting! Movie of the year is a very prestigious award!
user2: I donbt want to give spoilers but there are some characters that were very cheated
user2: But if you are a big company like facebook you are also very ruthless
user1: I understand and that is very true! Do you know what actor played the main character?
user2: Jesse Eisenberg played Mark Zuck very well
user1: He's a great actor! I bet he did nail the part! 
user2: Facebook all started because Mark was dumped by his gf, thats what i learnt from the film
user2: did you know that ?
user1: Really? I was not aware of that! Is there anything else the film reveals?
user2: That some people are just not made out for the tech industry it can take a toll on friendships
user1: I bet it can. That's sad but it's the reality. I'm glad the film showcases that.
user1: Do you know who directed the movie?
user2: You should put it on your watchlist
user1: Definitely. It sounds very interesting!
user1: What else can you tell me about it?
user2: It has gotten a 96% ratings on rotten tomato
user1: They're a very trustworthy source. 96 is very rare for movies. If they say it's that good, then it is!
user2: metacritic gave it a 95 out of 100
user1: That is unbelievable! It has to be a great film as both rotten tomatoes and metacritic are hard on movies!
user2: my favorite scene is when the twins sued Zuck, it was unexpected . If they had stayed on they would have been billionaires ten time over
user1: You know they have to regret that move as well. Huge mistake on their part!
user2: they did try to come up with their own platform but of course it failed
user1: That is sad and something else I wasn't aware of. It sounds like the movie really is fact based!
user2: this all started in 2003 , ti wasnt even that long ago
user2: nice talking to you
user1: I didn't know it started in 2003! Very informative!
user1: It was great talking to you about Social Network as well! Have a great day!

conversation:
user1: suh dude
user2: hey that social network film was really good
user1: It was alright
user1: I like David Fincher movies.
user2: that jesse elsenberg guy did a really good job at playing mark zuckerberg
user1: Justin Timberlake was good as well
user2: yes he was
user2: I thought the winklevoss twins were played by actual twins
user2: but it turns it is was one actor
user1: Yea i thought so too...i had to look it up after i saw the movie
user2: Very inspiring film
user1: I think i was still using myspace when i saw it D:
user2: oh really
user2: What did you think about him being dumped by his girlfriend in the movie
user1: he had it coming lol
user2: haha he really did. but he ended up better off without her
user1: I wonder if he gets her back
user2: It's really cool seeing how it started out as the harvard connection
user1: Have you've ever been to harvard?
user2: No I haven't. Should facebook had stayed as "theFacebook"?
user1: no i like "facebook" better
user2: yea it has a cleaner looking name
user1: David Fincher always makes solid movies.
user2: What do you think of him insulting his girlfriend on facemash
user2: yea he does
user1: it was rude haha
user2: it really was
user1: the guy who played eduardo was pretty good
user2: I kind of feel bad for zuckerberg and saverin's friendship
user1: the napster guy was a douche lol
user2: lol he really was
user2: I guess greed sometimes messes with friendships
user1: he saw the potential of facebook

conversation:
user1: have you seen the movie the social network?
user2: hi there, yes of course
user2: tell me
user1: oh cool.  i haven't did you know Justin Timberlake was ini it?
user1: it came out in 2010
user2: i heard and read before to watch the movie
user1: oh ok.  i want to see it.  I'm a big fan of facebook so it should be interesting to me.
user2: and I was pleased that Justin was in it because  i'am a fan of him
user2: i suggest to se it
user2: i enjoyed this likely movie,
user1: im a fan of his too.  hes a pretty good actor
user1: i think i will see it,  it got great reviews on rotten tomatoes
user2: I saw it at cinema on second day after it was launched
user2: where?..\
user1: rotten tomatoes, the movie review site gave it a 9/10
user2: I always use imbd
user2: for reviews. and there this beautiful move is rated very well
user1: oh ok cool.  
user2: i would say also that is an inspirational movie
user2: have you seen any other suggestion about the fact that justin timberlake is in it?
user2: this movie is one of the best biographical movies.
user2: are u still there?
user2: hello

conversation:
user2: Hello how are you?
user1: good, you
user2: The characters in the film look pretty good.
user2: Good thanks :)
user1: yeah justin timberlake is in it
user1: it has good reviews too
user2: Thats cool.I havent ever heard of this film before.
user1: rotten tomatoes gave it 96% 
user1: really? i watched it 
user2: It seems fitting for the times tho.
user2: How was it?
user1: yeah facebook is very relevant still
user1: its a good movie
user1: i liked it
user2: Ill probably check it out.
user1: its interesting to see how facebook started
user1: since facebook is so huge 
user1: and everyone uses it
user2: Yes that does sound cool
user1: this movie is a bit dark too 
user2: Im going to look it up after this
user2: It seems right up my alley
user2: Oh cool
user1: its pretty critically acclaimed
user2: I cant believe Ive never heard of it before.
user2: Im always on facebook.
user1: its funny how he created facebook after being dumped and being bitter
user2: True :)
user1: its kinda messed up he stole photos of girls in his school to rate them
user1: they didnt ask to be rated
user2: Id love to be an "accidental billionsire".
user2: ...billionaire
user2: I wonder why
user2: It sounds pretty awesome.
user1: what does?
user2: I am sort of fascinated with facebook etc
user1: being a billionaire?
user1: yeah you should watch it
user2: Yes both :)
user1: it deals with betrayal too
user2: I will for sure
user2: bye :)
user1: with people claiming he stole the idea
user1: its always bound to happen

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: hi
user2: The movie was made in 2010 kind of old
user1: yes, that's correct
user2: Never heard of anyone in the cast except Justin, how about you
user1: I think I know andrew garfield
user1: anyways, I kind of like biographic movies
user1: how about you
user2: Me too, it has pretty good reviews and based of Mark Zuckerberg
user2: Didn't know it was based off an actual book
user1: and the book was, i guess, based on actual people lol
user2: yep, lol
user2: Pretty good ratings
user1: as you said, it did get good revies
user2: yep, 96% rotten tomatoes average 90s
user1: btw, it said, they took liberties with the subjects
user1: kind of biographical/fictional i guess
user2: Yeah, so it wasn't actually true kind of hate that they probably made up some things
user2: to keep up suspense
user1: that's right
user1: they need to make money too
user2: Yeah, it couldn't be a movie just about smart kids making a social network
user1: that's right
user2: Never heard of David Fincher the director, how about you
user1: they can have part II now - i guess
user1: no, i din't hear about him too
user1: probably, a new guy then
user2: Looks like the Winklevoss twins sued Zuckerberg for stealing their idea
user2: The movie is sounding better to watch still don't know if I would see it
user1: yes, they did - but that's kind of hopeless
user1: sure, i think I'll watch it again 
user2: Looks like Zuckerberg sends an insulting post to his girlfriend
user1: wow - that's bad
user2: And he hacked into the college database wow
user2: Didn't think Zuckeberg could be so mean 
user1: real genius - isn't it  :)
user2: Well, I think I might watch the movie after all 
user2: Nice chatting 
user1: same here bye
user2: bye

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user1: Do you know the story of how Facebook came about?
user1: Well, there's a movie about it called The Social Network
user1: Have you heard of it?
user2: I have heard of it!
user2: Is it any good?
user1: It stars Jesse Eisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg and tells the story of Facebook's founding and the resulting lawsuits.
user1: I would say it's pretty good as it got a 95% rating on Rotten Tomatoes
user2: Oh that is a great score. Who else is in the movie?
user1: as well as good ratingson other review sites
user1: The film also stars Andrew Garfield, Justin Timberlake, and Armie Hammer
user2: When did it come out?
user1: It came out in 2010
user1: October 1, 2010 to be exact
user1: The movie is actually based off a book of how Facebook was found
user2: Oh wow, a while ago. Is it appropriate for kids? 
user2: Who wrote the book?
user1: The Accidental Billionaires by Ben Mezrich
user1: So the movie starts off with Zuckerberg, who at the time was at Harvard, being dumped by his gf 
user1: He returns to his dorm to write an insulting post about her on his blog and then creates a website called Facemash by hacking in the college database
user2: ouch. he sounds kinda mean. is he supposed to be the good guy?
user1: Facemash ends up taking off and attracts the attention of the Winklevoss twins and someon named Divya Narendra
user1: They invite Zuckerberg to help them work on a social networking site called the Harvard Connection which is exclusive to Harvard students only
user1: and is aimed at dating
user2: Ooh, the foundations of Facebook?
user1: Yea, somewhat
user1: At first it was called thefacebook and Zuckerberg extended it to Yale 
user1: He eventually meets up with Sean Parker (played by Timberlake) who founded  Napster who pitches his ideas for Facebook.
user1: Parker also suggests dropping "the" from thefacebook and the company moves to Palo Alto
user1: Saverin (played by Andrew Garfield) remains in NY to work on developing the business
user2: Seems like the split and addition of Parker may cause a rift
user2: Did Sean Parker make it so that it wasn't exclusive to harvard and yale?
user1: Well, Zuckerberg invites him to live at his house which he was using as the company HQ
user1: Well, at that point it was only for Harvard and Yale, but as we all know Facebook eventually expanded
user2: Does Andrew Garfield come out to palo alto or stay in NY? Hard to run a business like that!
user1: Andrew Garfield's character eventually ends up suing Zuckerberg
user2: Woah!
user1: and so do the Winklevoss twins
user2: Is it over the concept of the website?
user2: maybe intellectual property or something like that
user1: yea, the twins said Zuckerberg stole their idea
user1: while Saverin (Garfield) claims his shares were diluted

conversation:
user1: what movie are we talking about
user2: Well I clicked on Bruce Almighty but it gave me The Social Network anyway...
user1: huh. what's up with the social network
user2: Jesse Eisenberg plays Mark Zuckerberg, the developer of Facebook in this film and it's supposed to be a biographical film drama based on the initial development of Facebook. 
user1: far out. any interesting details
user1: or just actor lists
user2: According to the document, it's a "tale of sex, money, genius and betrayal" , plus Justin Timberlake and Andrew Garfield also play in the movie so it has a pretty good cast with a rating 9/10 on rotten tomatos
user2: Zuckerberg and Facebook weren't involved in the production so I wonder how that went over. 
user2: David Fincher is the director, I'm not sure if you know him. 
user1: zuckerberg the genious betrayer?
user1: i don't know him
user2: Mark Zuckerberg, the man that developed Facebook. 
user2: The film has had a lot of critical responses that a positive, one critic said that the Social Network is the movie of the year. 
user2: the director "laced their scathing wit with an aching sadness, they define the dark irony of the past decade"
user1: I'm sure they did.
user2: Sounds very deep and interesting but I am not certain what this 'irony' is supposed to mean. 
user2: The movie was made in 2010 and it was adapted from a book called "the accidental billionaires" published in 2009
user1: That our bast decade has brought us so much technology but little true happiness maybe?
user1: *past decade
user2: Perhaps being so connected with everyone, merely a text or Facebook post away, and yet it has created such great distance between people and taken a toll on the ability of people to socialize face to face. 
user1: Huh, yeah that seems reasonable. have you seen it?
user2: The film is apparently as smart as its hero, but also 'cocksure', impatient, cold, exciting and perceptive. 
user2: No I haven't but I remember seeing a trailer about it a long time ago, It seemed pretty interesting. 
user1: i wonder what makes a film cocksure
user2: Essentially multiple people developed facebook but Mark Zuckerberg stole the idea and betrayed his friends to make tons of money
user2: I have no idea, weird choice of words for a film review
user2: The movie sounds interesting, and it is supposed to be based on the real development of facebook, I think it would be an interesting film to see. 
user1: yeah, seems ok. probably won't watch it myself
user2: Do you like biographical films? Or not really? 
user2: If you don't, then I wouldn't recommend it. It is supposed to be a biography mixed with drama and scheming, Think of 21 if you have ever seen that movie about gambling. 
user1: huh. I like biopics, but maybe not the facebook guy in a cocksure film.
user2: Anything else you want to know? 
user2: I'm not so cocksure myself
user1: hah! gosh, i cant imagine there is. does it tell you how long it is?
user2: No but apparently Zuckerberg stole the idea of facebook at harvard and used it to post pictures of girls on his college campus to rate their attractiveness and say nasty things about them
user2: classy guy 
user1: yeah, doesn't change my view of him much. who does Timberlake play?
user2: Sean parker, a developer 
user1: does zuckerberg screw him over?
user2: Yes, he steals his ideas and all of his money
user1: hah! good on him i guess.
user2: The facebook hit all of the ivy league schools then was made available to the public
user1: yeah, i remember when that happened

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello. The film we are going to discuss is "The Social Network" directed by David Fincher.
user2: Who is the main character?
user1: The film is biographical, therefore the main character is Mark Zuckerberg (played by Jesse Eisenberg). 

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hello!
user1: So what do you think about The Social Network?
user2: Sounds like an interesting movie given how popular Facebook has become
user1: I agree. I know there's some controversy surrounding Mark Zuckerberg so I think it would be interesting to see what actually happened behind the scenes.
user2: Absolutely! Especially since no Facebook staff were involved but Zuck's past business partner was
user2: I can't imagine it would portray Zuck in a good light
user1: It's crazy to think how much bigger Facebook is now than it was when this movie came out... And it must have been pretty big back then too, they don't make movies on just anything.
user2: Yes! facebook is everywhere; I feel like it's embedded in every website I use.  I wonder if there may end up being a similar movies about the company in the future
user2: People love an expose
user1: That would be interesting. The first movie focused on the startup and social media aspect of it. It's so much more than just a social media now. They could make an entire new movie.
user1: Imagine being 19 years old and your girlfriend breaking up with you. Poor little Mark probably thought his life was over at that point. Little did he know it would be the best thing to ever happen to him
user2: Seriously! I wonder if it would another movie that David Fincher would want to work on since he directed "the social network"
user2: hahaha not many people imagine their life is over after a break up and then go on to become one of the most famous people in the world
user1: I bet Erica Albright is pretty upset with her decision to dump Mr. Billionaire. I wonder if she tried to get some of the money from him after she saw how successful he was becoming.
user2: hahah maybe? though if she dumped him because he sucked as  a boyfriend before he struck it rich, he might have only gotten worse
user2: the stealing photos to rate female peers' attractiveness sounds skeevy
user1: I feel like that's the more likely scenario. You stole the thoughts from me before I could type it out. Now I know why I never knew how Facebook started. I guess they don't want people knowing that one of the most influential people alive right now stole pictures from college females.
user1: Good decision by them to drop "the" from the original name "theFacebook". Facebook is much more catchy.
user2: Yes! It's way catchy. the "the" in the title seems so clunky now
user2: funny that they brought their idea to the founder of Napster for advice
user1: I thought it was pretty funny how the Napster co-founder helped him get started and now Napster is basically obsolete.
user1: That's now the second time we've done that lol
user2: hahah
user2: and not surprising that zuck started facebook based on stealing pictures and would later get sued by his business partners for stealing their ideas and trying to cut them out
user1: The newest paragraph confirms my suspicion that people did not and DO not like Mark Zuckerberg... "Zuckerberg's own callous attitude will make him highly unsympathetic to a jury."
user2: Yeahhhh, it's a bad sign if a jury's gonna find you "highly unsympathetic"
user2: made sense to settle with saverin
user2: though it doesn't say what happened with the winkelvoss twins
user1: So what I've learned today is when a college kid becomes a millionaire, he turns into an ass. I agree though, smart settlement. Especially when you consider that was most likely before he was the untouchable billionaire he is today.
user1: Facebook seems so innocent and simple but when you find out how it really came to be it's quite the opposite.
user2: yeah, it sounds like too much money too fast made him feel like he could do whatever he wanted
user1: The part that said he sent his ex a friend request on facebook to me shows he's still harboring something against her. Like, what other possible reason could he have for sending her a friend request other than wanting her to be like "Oh look, it's Mark sending me a friend request on the fortune 500 company he now owns. Shoulda stayed with him."
user2: yup! i could definitely see him wanting to show himself off to her
user2: and the furiously refreshing every few seconds to see if she had accepted seems like a lot
user1: It seems almost obsessive to me, and pretty petty. If I was as successful as him, and ex would be the last thing on my mind. Lions don't loose sleep over the opinion of sheep.

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hello! What's the name of the movie we are to discuss?
user2: The Social Network
user1: Interesting! I have never seen it. What is it about?
user2: Really?! It's about Mark Zuckerberg and how he and others developed Facebook
user2: It has Justin Timberlake, Armie Hammer, and Andrew Garfield in it. It's SO good.
user1: Oh ok! Is it more of a drama type of film? 
user2: Yeah, it's more drama, but there are definitely some funny moments
user1: How is Justin Timberlake's acting in the movie?
user1: Would you consider it exciting?
user2: His acting is pretty good! He's actually a really good one
user2: Yeah it's exciting. But supposedly it's not the truth of how Facebook started
user1: Is it centered more on his creation of Facebook or what happens after he created it?
user1: Oh, it isn't the truth about how Facebook started? Why would someone want to watch that movie then?
user2: They say things are exaggerated, but that's in every movie
user1: Just simply exaggerated, not entirely false?
user2: Yep
user1: Overall would you consider it a MUST SEE?
user2: Yeah, just to see Armie Hammer play twins
user1: What other movies have Armie Hammer been in? I don't think I have heard of him.
user2: It was given a 96% on Rotten Tomatoes
user1: Is he also a good actor?
user2: Yeah he's a good actor, too. I can't remember off the top of my head of other movies he's been in, but he is good
user1: Ok. Could you tell me more about the plot of the movie?
user1: Or about the ending? Is it happy or sad?
user2: It's about how Mark developed Facebook over a breakup
user2: I think it ends pretty good
user1: Why did they breakup?
user2: Doesn't say
user1: Are there a lot of strong female actors in the movie?
user1: Thank you for all of your input on the film!

conversation:
user2: Hey there! Do you like Biographical Dramas with high ratings?
user1: I suppose I enjoy them on occassion.
user1: Which movie are we talking about?
user2: We're talking about the 2010 Biographical Drama "The Social Network"
user1: Who stars in it?
user2: It stars Jesse Eisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg, the founder of Facebook
user1: Are there any female leads?
user2: Nope - it's a bunch of dudes! But since it's a true story, I'm glad that they didn't introduce any female leads that weren't in the real-life story
user1: Ah, I see. Who was it directed by?
user2: It's directed by David Fincher. I think he's great and really fantastic at portraying stories. Do you like him?
user1: I'm not familiar with any of his work. Do you know of any other films he's directed?
user2: Not off the top of my head - but you could definitely look him up online!
user1: How are the reviews for the film?
user2: They're really good - 9/10 on Rotten Tomatoes and 95/100 on Metacritic! With good reason - there are so many great scenes in the movie!
user1: What's one of your favorite scenes?
user2: I love the scene where Mark's first website Facesmash, which allowed students at Harvard to rate other students' attractiveness, crashed parts of Harvard's computer network!
user1: I never knew he ran a site like that. Did he suffer any consequences?
user2: Oh yeah! He received six months of academic probation, but it had already become so popular that it attracted some upperclass students to approach him and expand the idea. You can't imagine what happened next!
user1: I can't! What happens next?
user2: He hooks up with all these really smart and wealthy people who have great ideas to alter and grow his initial concept. They create thefacebook.com! Did you know it used to be called that?
user1: I did know that actually.. And I think Al Pacino was the "face?"
user2: I'm not sure about that, but I do know that it was Sean Parker (the founder of Napster) that suggested thet drop "the" and make it just facebook.com
user1: Smart move. So what happens in the end? Does it bring in the Russians at all?
user2: I don't know, but there is certainly plenty of scandal. His initial partners, the Winklevoss twins accuse him of stealing their idea, and his buddy Saverin accuses him of screwing his out of a bunch of money. At the end, he is shown friend requesting the girl that dumped him at the begging and repeatedly refreshing the page to see if she accepts it. :(
user1: Well that sounds depressing. Not sure I really want to see the movie.
user2: Ha! I know what you mean, BUT, in the end, Zuckerberg is portrayed as a brilliant hero. You get to see all of him in a very human way. He's cocksure, impatient, cold, exciting, and instinctively perceptive. A brilliant mind to be sure. And what genius isn't a little sad?
user1: Who else stars in the movie?
user2: Andrew Garfield, Justin Timberlake, Armie Hammer, and Max Minghella. I wonder if JT sings and dances?
user1: I hope so. JT is a national treasure.
user2: I think the main hook lies in the fact that it's based on a biography titled: "The Accidental Billionaires: The Founding of Facebook, A Tale of Sex, Money, Genius, and Betrayal"
user1: It sounds like it has all those things. I might check it out. Thanks for giving me the details on the movie!

conversation:
user2: The Social Network is a 2010 film. That's kind of old
user1: Yeah it's been a few years since I've watched this movie.
user2: Rotten Tomatoes gave it 9/10.
user1: I thought it was decent movie but I'm not a big fan of Jesse Eisenberg
user1: Did you enjoy it?
user2: Haven't seen it.
user1: I think it's definitely worth the time to watch, Aaron Sorkin is a great writer
user2: I see Justin Timberlake is in it, lol.
user2: It's kind of weird that Mark Zuckerberg wasn't involved in the project though.
user2: Do you agree with the rating of the movie?
user1: I think it got a higher rating then it deserves
user1: I thought it was going to give us another movie to discuss
user2: I guess the movie isn't totally based on facts since it says "isn't necessarily to be believed".
user1: All i see is additional information about the same movie
user1: Yeah they took a lot of liberty telling the story
user2: It said it would have a second paragraph...
user2: I like dark irony..
user1: A lot of the People, Places, Subject of the movie were factual but some of the "stories" within the movie I'm sure were exaggerated 
user2: It's funny that he wrote badly about her on his blog, and then came up with facebook.
user1: I dont know if that was fact or just something they added to make the movie for entertaining
user2: I don't really like the name Facemash. I'm glad he changed it.
user1: Yeah that's pretty awful
user2: I wonder if it really crashed Harvard's computer network...
user1: It's amazing how quickly facebook expanded in such a short time
user1: I imagine it did with all the network traffic
user1: You see the mistake they made in the last sentence of the new paragraph
user1: looks like they accidently copied and pasted a part of the plot to another movie jesse eisnenberg stars in
user2: no, what is it?
user1: Batman v Superman
user1: the world in Superman's absence. After theyleave, the dirt atop Clark's coffin levitates.
user2: Hmmm, that's weird.
user2: Mine doesn't say that in the last paragraph
user1: another hacked performance from eisenberg
user1: strange
user1: think youll watch the movie now, after talking about it'?

conversation:
user1: What book did this movie adapted from?
user1: Who is the director of "The Social Network" movie?
user1: What date was the film released on?
user1: Hello are you thre
user2: Yes im here. 

conversation:
user2: Hi how are you today
user1: I'm great. I want to tell you about a really good movie, The Social Network. Have you seen it? 
user2: I haven't I think I have heard of it what is it about
user1: It is a biography about Mark Zuckerberg who founded Facebook. Do you like biographical dramas?
user2: I love them. I am a fan of watching things based on real stories. I don't know much about him but sounds like a movie I would like. Are there any big names in it
user1: The movie also talks about all the lawsuits that came about when Facebook was started.
user2: I did not know anything about that. What was he sued for
user1: The only name I recognize is Justin Timberlake! 
user2: I like him both as a singer and actor. How old is the movie will it be somewhere online. It sounds like one I would like
user1: I'm not sure what the lawsuits were about. I guess the movie is based on a book about accidental billionaires.
user1: The movie came out in 2010. Columbia Pictures made it. 
user2: Well know my curiousity is really peaked. I would like to know how facebook came about. Wasn't there another site like it before it came out.
user2: Thats pretty old I should be able to find it somewhere online. Have you seen it
user1: No, I haven't seen it. One of the important scenes is when Zucker makes a insulting website called Facemash while he is at Harvard. He got six months probation from the school, but look at how much money that brought him.
user1: Have you heard of Jesse Eisenberg? He plays Zuckerberg.
user2: No kidding, he is pretty young too. I guess the internet  business is rough from time to time. I have heard that he is not particularly pleasant
user2: No I don't recognize that name but sometimes I recognize the actor and can't ever remember the name. How rich is Zucker he must be in the billions 
user1: If you watch the movie, you should see what you think of how Zuckerberg is portrayed. He was not consulted when the movie was made.
user2: That doesn't seem right. I would think you would have to have permission to do a story about someones life. I will watch it probably tonight if I can find it. I am sure he wasn't too pleased
user2: He sits owns facebook doesn't he 
user2: Meant still owns
user1: I guess some critics have called the movie the "dark irony of the past decade," but they do say you have to be careful of the biographical part because some may not be true.
user1: Yes, I think he still owns Facebook, but I can't say for sure. It would probably be interesting to learn about its roots since it has become so popular.
user2: I will keep that in mind when I watch it. I am always fascinated by how they come up with the idea. I personally think facebook can be irritating but I still use it
user1: Yes, I agree. Do you ever go by the ratings, such as Rotten Tomatoes?
user2: I do check the ratings but usually, if I am interested, check it out for myself. If I am watching from home I can always opt out of the movie if it is bad
user2: I find the ratings to be helpful in anything I buy or look for online.
user1: Well, Rotten Tomatoes gives it a 9/10. Do you think you will see it?
user2: Absolutely, if is the type of movie I like. Entertaining and informative. Are you going to watch it
user1: Yes. I think the scenes about the lawsuits would be interesting. 

conversation:
user1: Hi, there!
user2: Hey!
user1: Have you seed The Social Network, that movie about the founding of FAcebook?
user2: I haven't, but I'm interested in doing so
user1: It got a really good Rotton Tomato rating - 96%
user2: I really don't understand how Facebook came to be, but it seems like a complex story
user2: That's impressive
user1: It's based on a book called "The ACcidental Billionaires: The Founding of Facebook...," but none of the Facebook people were involved.
user2: That seems a bit odd
user2: How did they get the information they needed if n one from Facebook was involved?
user1: Usually is.........    Info came from the book, and one of the Facebook founders was a consultant on the book, though.
user2: Have you seen it? Would you recommend it?
user1: No, I haven't seen it either, but I've heard some about it. Apparently Zuckerberg was dumped by his girlfriend and it all started there. Cherche le femme, as the French say!!
user2: Did Zuckerberg like or approve of the film?
user2: It must suck to have a movie made about you that starts with you getting dumped.
user1: He had a live journal blog on which he insulted her, and then set up a campus website to steal pics of girls so people can rate their attractiveness. Don't know of Zuckerberg's like/interest, but he sounds a bit of a creep based on this.
user2: Woah. That's not good at all
user2: I don't really like it either.
user1: The popularity of the face rating thing got the attention of some upperclassmen who got him involved in a dating app 
user2: They should've gotten him involved with a therapist
user2: Or maybe the cops
user2: You shouldn't post pictures of people without their permission
user1: Yeah. I agree. They got permission from at least one person: Apparently a female student asked to be on their thing by saying "Facebook me," which appears to be where he got the idea from.
user2: I hope he paid her for the name brand
user2: Does the movie paint him in a good light?
user1: I doubt it. People with money get it by keeping the flow as one way as possible, if you know what I mean. Anyway, everyone's cheering their heads off over the popularity so it's expanded to Yale, Columbia, and Stanford. 
user2: The popularity of the original app or of facebook?
user1: FaceBook. Sorry. Then they meet the Napster guy and move to Palo Alto -- the Napster guy promised to expand to two continents.
user2: When was this?
user2: What year?
user1: Not sure of the timeline, but teh original nasty business (dumping/insulting/stealing pics) was 2003. The interesting thing in teh movie is they intercut in the film with scenes from depositions taken in the subsequent lawsuits. Two of the folks involved in early stages said Z stole their idea.
user2: That's not super great, I wonder why he let that happen
user2: Seems like he has enough money to stop it
user2: Or to make the movie the way he wanted it
user1: Ultimately there was a settlement because of the sordid beginnings that would make Z look unsympathetic. 
user2: Makes sense, I guess
user2: Anything else you found interesting about it?
user1: I'll say! It ends with him trying to get a friend request response from the girlfriend who dumped him originally, but he doesn't appear to get a response.
user2: Good.
user1: I agree!!!

conversation:
user2: How did you like the movie 
user1: hit
user1: hi
user2: Hey
user1: still reading
user2: Alright
user1: seems great movie
user2: Did you watch it?
user1: yes, I did - it was fun
user1: how about you?
user2: I really like the realistic approach 
user1: that's true
user1: but they did made up some of it
user2: Yeah?
user2: I didnt know 
user2: Like what?
user1: like I don't think there was much betrayal involved
user2: The 2 people who actually had the idea were true I know 
user1: but mark did the most work - idea doesn't matter
user1: i can have all the ideas of the world
user2: Yeah
user1: i think we have to stick to the document at left - isn't it?
user1: for this hit
user2: I guess
user2: Just talk about the movie
user2: I liked the idea that it all started in his dorm
user1: it said biographic drama - that's a true
user2: And it grew to a worldwide network 
user1: that's ture
user2: He also found a loophole on the school network 
user1: lol
user1: he was in Harvard - isn't it
user1: those days things were easier - i guess
user2: Yeah
user2: But when he got caught he told them to thank him instead
user2: As he found a loophole in the system
user1: I see he got a academic probation too
user1: okay - nice talking to you.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hello
user1: What movie did you read about?
user2: The Social Network, you?
user1: I did not read about one.
user2: What did you read about?
user1: Did the Social Network look interesting?
user2: It does look interesting
user1: I just read that I was supposed to ask you what movie and after you told me the movie I am supposed to ask you questions about it.
user2: Oh, ok!
user1: Have you seen it yet?
user2: I have not seen it, but have been meaning to. Have you seen it?
user1: I have seen it, but it has been a while.
user2: I see a lot of reviews claiming it was the movie of the year in 2010
user1: I found it really interesting though, especially being that it is about events that really took place.
user1: Yeah, it got nominated for a bunch of awards and everything.
user2: I'm interested in finding out how Facebook came to be but I also see that it has taken a lot of liberties with the original story. 
user2: I'd still be interested though.
user1: Yeah I remember a bit about that when it first came out. Not sure what all is the real story, but I'm sure it follows it somewhat.
user1: I believe it is true that facebook came from a hot-or-not type of app though.
user2: That is so interesting, I had not looked much into it's origins
user1: Yeah I had not given it much thought until I saw the movie.
user2: Even though I do recall first using it when only college students were the target demographic
user2: Every couple minutes I get another scene to read about. So, I'm learning a little bit more as we go.
user1: Yes, I was in that same age group. Facebook first came out when I was in college.
user2: The description makes it sound like Zuckerberg is kind of a scum bag
user1: Yeah the movie played him kinda scheisty...
user1: But I could imagine that type of business deals with intellectual property issues all the time.
user2: Now I am interested in seeing it. Mainly because I feel like I only hear positive things about him.
user2: And I'd like to see the other side.
user1: Yeah. Well we also know that people can change. He might have undercut his early partners but I don't think we will ever know the whole story.

conversation:
user2: hey there! 
user1: HELLO HOW ARE U?
user2: Good thanks! How are you?
user1: GREAT! SO HAVE YOU READ THE DOC?
user2: Yes
user2: I love Aaron Sorkin's writing. The American President and The West Wing are two of my favourites - do you like this writing? 
user1: i NEVER KNEW ANYTHING ABOUT THIS FILM OR ABOUT ZUCKERBERG
user1: I HAVEN'T HEARD OF HIM ACTUALLY.. BUT I LOVE THE WEST WING!
user1: HAVE YOU READ "THE ACCIDENTAL BILLIONAIRES"?
user2: It follows Facebook the early years in a way. Originally it was set up on one campus in the US and then spread across the world to what we eventually know Facebook as today. I think I got my FB account around Christmas 2006 and hardly anyone else was on it! 
user1: DID YOU HAVE A MYSPACE AS WELL?
user2: No I haven't read the book. I saw the film before even realising it was from a book originally. Normally I'm quite hot on trying to read the book before seeing a film adaptation. 
user1: I BECAME SOMEWHAT ADDICTED TO SOCIAL MEDIA DURING THE MYSPACE CRAZE.
user2: I did have MySpace too! It was the place to be at the time! I learnt basic HTML by messing about with my MySpace profile - I believe it's still ive somewhere! 
user1: IM NOT SO MUCH ANYMORE
user2: still live even! 
user1: LOL.. I STILL CAN LOG ON TO MINE. SO ARE YOU A STUDENT?
user2: So the book was written but i think it was written by someone on the outside looking in rather than someone actually involved in Facebook. 
user2: No I graduated in 2007. I'm in my 30s now and feel very old when I talk about video cassettes or a Walkman! 
user1: SO WHAT HAPPEN WITH THE LAWSUITS AND FACEBOOK?
user1: IM INTERESTED NOW AND WANT TO READ THE BOOK! 
user1: JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE ACTS??
user2: So the Winklevoss brothers for a long time tried to make out that Zuckerberg had stolen the idea from them. I think it came down to that Zuckerberg had the brains to do it whereas the Winklevoss brothers didn't or something like that. I think I last saw the film in about 2011 if not before then. I remember not going to see it at the cinema, then watching it at my friend's house. He was the film nerd of our friendship group so knew all the information. 
user2: Timberlake - he does. I think this was one of his first movie roles. 
user2: I'm wrong - it wasn't his first role. He'd been in other films before then - voicing characters in animations. 
user1: THE FILM GOT DECENT RATINGS.. EVEN THOUGH I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT A METACRITIC SCORE IS.. 
user2: Metacritic is another website for movie ratings - it picks up ratings from other websites and then combines them. I generally avoid movie reviews - I always find that they say a film sucks and I love it, or they say it's amazing and it's as boring as watching paint dry! I watched the Social Network once and haven't watch it again.
user1: "THE WORLD IN SUPERMAN'S ABSENCE"? FIRST PARAGRAPH.. WHAT IS THAT REFERENCING DO YOU KNOW? SORRY IM ASKING YOU SO MANY QUESTIONS!! 
user1: YOUR VERY BRIGHT!
user1: YOU'RE I MEAN
user2: I have no idea - it's almost like it's a misprint! I'm pretty sure there's no mention of Superman in the movie but i could be wrong! 
user2: Thank you! I like to think that I'd fit in with the Nerd Geek Girls in shows like NCIS and Criminal Minds etc
user1: GREAT SHOWS!! 
user1: FACEMASH?? I WONDER IF ITS STILL A WORKING WEBSITE
user2: Indeed! Abby and Garcia are my favourites! I used to work in an office and on one occasion when I fixed the photocopier for like the 100th time I accidentally shouted "I'n the King of the Lab" of course I then had to explaiin to my colleagues the reference! (It's from Bones if you didn't know) 
user2: Not by the looks of it but it does have it's own Facebook Page! 
user1: LOVE BONES AS WELL!!! THAT HILARIOUS!! THERE WAS A RUMOR GOING AROUND FOR THE LONGEST THAT ABBY HAD DIED! I WAS SO UPSET BUT IT ENDED UP BEING A RUMOR..
user2: Always Google when those rumours circulate! People share on Facebook and don't check the facts. 
user2: Well the button has lit up which means I think we've had our conversation now. I need to head to bed as it is now 11:30pm here! 
user1: THE CRITICAL RESPONSE IS TO MUCH ." LACING AND SCATHING WITH AN ACHING SADNESS"  REALLY?
user1: YES I GUESS SO!
user1: NICE CHATTING WITH YOU!!'
user1: GN
user2: Night night! Have a good week! 

conversation:
user1: Hello! What's the name of the movie?
user2: have you seen the Social Network?
user1: I have! With Justin Timberlake and Jesse Eisenberg?
user2: yes. Rotten tomatoes gave it 96% and 9/10 rating.
user1: That's good, right?
user2: thought Justin Timberlake did awesome in it. To be honest i was shocked how good it was.
user1: Armie Hammer was really good in it, too. Playing the twins was awesome
user2: It is a really good rating from rotten tomatoes!
user1: Yeah I heard that Mark Zuckerberg didn't like the movie and said none of it was true, that a lot was exaggerated
user1: Billionaire problems.
user2: thats true. I didn't know that. All i knew was that both him and his coworkers had nothing to do with the movie.
user1: Yeah, but I didn't know that it all started when he went through a break up.
user2: neither did I. Also that the name was going to be The Facebook. 
user2: such a good decision to change it in my opinion.
user1: The older generation calls it The Facebook LOL
user2: lol. 
user1: I think it's better than Myspace. 
user1: or should I say, The Myspace. haha
user2: I remember using myspace in college. facebook did it so much better. I miss being able to have a song playing when you go to my page on myspace. 
user1: Oh yeah, I forgot all about that. Now I feel old 
user1: I didn't really understand Facebook when it started, and I didn't think it was going anywhere. Well, I was wrong.
user2: the wallpaper and pictures you could post was fun too. lol
user2: now i feel old. 
user2: can you believe the movie is 8 years old already?
user2: also, do you agree with the rating of the movie?
user1: Seriously?! Dang, I didn't realize that. But Facebook has been around for around 10 years, I think
user1: I mean, I guess I agree with the rating. It was a good movie. Plus, Justin Timberlake lol
user2: exactly. lol
user2: Cinema score was B+
user1: That's not bad. Better than a D 
user2: true. I can see why older people may not like the movie. 
user1: Are there any hidden facts on that page?
user2: Part of it was based on a book called The Accidental Billionaires

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: Hello
user1: What is the title of the film ?
user2: The Social Network
user2: Sorry
user1: I never saw but I intend to see it, it is on my Netflix list

conversation:
user2: Hi. We're going to talk about The Social Network
user1: For sure can't wait
user2: Have you seen the movie?
user1: I love the film 
user2: What's your favorite scene?
user1: My favorite scene is the scene where Eduardo finds out his equity has been diminished and he breaks Zuckerberg's laptop.
user1: What's your's?
user2: That's one of my favorites. I love the bookends: Zuckerberg's sililoquy with Erica in the bar and the ending when he goes back to friend her
user2: Who was your favorite character?
user1: I thought that was a great juxtaposition how he originally created this app facesmash that was ragging on her and then that turns into facebook where he eventually tries to friend her
user1: My favorite character was Eduardo Saverin because that's probably the person that was the most human
user2: Do you remember the name of the actor who played him?
user1: I believe it was the same gentlemen that played Spider-Man. Andrew Garfield is his name I think.
user2: Yes
user2: What do you think the rotten tomatoes score was for the film?
user1: 85%
user2: Close, 96%
user2: Who was the director of the film?
user1: The director of the film I believe was Aaron Sorkin.
user2: No, David Fincher was the director
user1: Oh yeah that's right the guy from Fight Club right?
user2: Do you know the name of the actor who played the Winklevoss twins?
user2: Yes
user1: Armie Hammer 
user2: Yes. What year was the film released?
user1: 2012 I think
user2: Almost. 2010
user1: Wow time flies. 
user2: What did Sean Parker recommend they do to the website name when he first meets Zuckerberg?
user1: He said to take the "the" off.  What did you think of Justin TImberlake's performance?
user2: I thought he was good but difficult to see as someone other than Justin Timberlake
user1: That's true.

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: Good afternoon
user2: Have you seen The Social Network?
user1: Yes I have seen that movie
user2: I enjoyed this very much.
user1: I enjoyed it as well.
user2: Of course, Justin Timberlake is one of my favorites..
user1: yes he did a great job with this role
user2: There is nothing like a good drama.
user1: I totally agree. 
user2: It was so sad when Zuckerberg
user2: oops - when Zuckerberg was dumped by his girlfriend.
user1: It's okay, but I know right? 
user2: He was very upset by that action.
user1: He was upset many times during the course of the film.so much craziness
user2: Yes, and it kept my interest throughout.
user1: I agree. I need to watch it again because Its been so long since i've seen it
user2: Same here - so many good parts I probably forgot.
user1: It was interesting to hear the story of Facebook though. i'm glad the movie was made
user2: Yes, it was very interesting.
user2: I didn't know about many lawsuits.
user1: same here 
user1: i like hearing about that stuff
user2: It was so interesting especially since I have been on Facebook.
user1: same here. the movie gave us more insight to the creation of this website
user2: First time I heard that Zuckerberg was accused of stealing the idea from the Winklevoss'.
user2: Yes, it definitely did - so interesting.
user1: that accusation is so crazy to me
user1: they made millions from it
user2: They did and I would sure love to have some of that money..lol!
user1: I know right? haha
user2: I have never heard of the Harvard Connection until this
user1: yeah i really didn't know anything about the backstory to be honest
user2: There was quite a bit I did not know until this movie.  So interesting.
user2: It's been really nice chatting with you.  I hope you have a great rest of the day.
user1: it was a really good movie. you too!
user2: Yes, definitely it was.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: 'ello there 
user2: I just saw a super movie.
user1: Yeah? What is it called 
user2: It's a 2010 film called The Social Network.
user1: Oh. 
user2: It's based on a book
user1: The one about Mark Zuckerberg? 
user2: Yes!  The book is called The Accidental Billionaires
user2: Zuckerburg wasn't connected to the movie at all, except for the fact that it was all about him.
user1: I wonder if it was really "accidental", as in pure "luck"? Does the movie include the lawsuit 'controversy'? 
user1: I see. So is The Social Network any different from the Facebook tone, i.e., narcissism involving Mark Zuckerberg himself?  
user2: Well, it starts out with him getting in trouble and put on probation for 6 month at Harvard.
user2: Then the Winklevoss twins and Narendra invite hi to come work with them at their social network they started up.
user2: Are you interested in the critic's ratings at all?
user1: Yes, I think I am. 
user1: I'm trying to make sense of whether if the film is factual or fictionalized 
user2: Well, it got 96% out of 100 on Rotten Tomatoes, 95/100 Metacritic and CinemaScore B+
user1: Oh, really? what about IMDB? 
user2: I would guess, depending on who you talk to, it is either extremely factual or a pack of lies.
user2: I didn't get the IMDB score, but one critic called it the movie of the year.
user1: Does the movie improve Mark Zuckerberg's popularity overall? 
user2: As to your question about authenticity, another critic said it takes liberties with its subject.  I would say no, it would not seem to improve his popularity, but as the old adage goes, there's no such thing as bad publicity.
user1: That's true. 
user2: Well, as the film goes on, it starts having cutins to the depositions that the Winklevoss twins gave.
user1: Ah, there's that. 
user1: I think I'm more inclined to watching it
user2: It really does make Zuckerburg look bad.  It's definitely a must-see.
user1: Who is acting as Mark Zuckerberg? 
user2: Jesse Eisenberg plays Zuckerberg.
user2: Couple of bergs there, wouldn't you say?
user1: oh, that goofball actor... 
user1: Yes, haha. 
user2: It has Justin Timberlake in it.
user2: The twins are played by a single actor.
user1: I'd like to see the film, because both bergs are goofs, excellent choice of casting 
user1: Oh, interesting, I didn't know 
user2: Yes, it was Armie Hammer playing the twins.  Wonder if that is his real name?
user2: Anyway, he settles out of court with Severnin.
user1: No idea. Probably not. Some actors chose names that best suited in the profession that they strive for
user2: I won't tell you too much more, don't want to spoil it too much.

conversation:
user2: The Social Network did great on Rotten Tomatoes.
user1: Did it? What was it's score?
user2: It scored 96% on Rotten Tomatoes and an average of 9/10.
user1: That sounds pretty good. Who is in it?
user2: The main star is Jesse Eisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg.
user1: Any other stars I'd know?
user2: Yea there is also Andrew Garfield
user1: Cool. What year did it come out?
user2: It came out in 2010
user1: That's kind of old. What's it about?
user2: It's about Facebook and the beginning of it.
user1: What happened in it?
user2: It starts out with Mark getting dumped and making a site called Facemash by hacking into the college database.
user1: That's a weird thing to do. Then what?
user2: Then the site gets super popular and Zuckerberg gets caught.
user1: What happens after he is caught?
user2: His friends approach him and start working on a site together. Then they start Thefacebook and it gets popular.
user1: What happens after it gets popular?
user2: It starts spreading to other schools that use it.
user1: Does it keep growing?
user2: Yes. Then they change the name.
user1: What do they change it to?
user2: Facebook.
user1: Ah so that's the start of it. What happens next?
user2: They get sued by someone who thought they had the same idea.
user1: Who sued them?
user2: The Winklevoss twins
user1: did they win the lawsuit?
user2: They end up settling with them
user1: So they keep facebook?
user2: Yea they get to keep it. But no one likes Mark after that
user1: Well he was a jerk
user2: In the end he tries to get his ex back too
user1: Did she accept him?

conversation:
user1: Good morning
user2: HI- hope you're having a good day!
user2: Have you seen any good movies lately?
user1: Yes
user1: but thats besides the point
user1: lets talk about the Social network
user1: Probably best nerd movie since the revenge of the nerds
user2: I'm trying to find a new movie to watch, 
user2: I don't think I have heard of that movie
user2: Can you tell me about it?
user1: Sure
user1: do you have facebook?
user1: most people do
user1: its about the creation of facebook
user2: I do have FB
user2: Is it based on the real story or is it fictional?
user1: but its portrayed perfectly behind the adolescence obscured social awkwardness Mark Zuckerberg
user1: I'm glad they chose jesse eisenberg for the role and how ironic the last names
user1: Rotten tomatoes gave it 96 percent
user2: Are there any other big names?
user1: Justin timberlake
user1: andrew garfield who was pretty good in hacksaw
user2: Oooooh... Love me some Justin Timberlake
user1: See and he plays a nerd 
user2: Hard to imagine him as a nerd :)
user1: Unfortunately everyone dies at the end
user1: Jk
user1: I've seen it maybe 10 times now
user1: Never gets old
user2: I was like ... wait... what . lol
user1: always enjoy it with a nice bowl of chili 
user2: So it must be a good flick to watch it s many times.
user1: yeah its never boring
user1: fast paced
user2: How long is the movie?
user1: and its cool to see how facebook was made
user1: not sure close to 2hrs?
user1: Its based on a true story
user2: But it doesn't feel like a two hour long movie?
user2: I like movies based on true stories.
user1: Yeah its fast paced
user1: well its the birth of facebook
user1: I learned something I never knew before
user1: like the creator of napster helped with facebook
user2: Wow .. that's an interesting tidbit of info.
user1: Go see it, and have a good day!

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello. Have you seen the movie The Social Network?
user2: No, surpisingly not.
user1: It came out in 2010.
user1: Jesse Eisenberg stars in it. He's really good.
user2: Cool. How is the directing?
user1: David Fincher was the director so you know it was good.
user2: Yeah. I like most of his films. 
user1: Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 96.
user2: That's good. 
user2: It won a bunch of awards didnt it?
user1: I don't remember that. But critics loved it.
user1: The movie starts with Zuckerberg getting dumped by his girlfriend in 2003.
user2: and then becomes the evil genius?
user1: Zuckerberg starts a website in Harvard that allows students to rate others' attractiveness.
user1: Haha yes exactly.
user2: didn't realize facebook started like that
user1: He eventually meets this other girl who helps him make his website grow, and they call it Facebook.
user2: I take it he forces her out?
user1: Then he meets with the Napster founder to get more funding.
user2: fuck napster brings me back
user1: I know me too!
user1: Anyways Zuckerberg moves the company to Palo Alto.
user2: from boston?
user1: Yeah exactly.
user1: That's when all the lawsuits start happening.
user2: where does the movie go to, timeline wise?
user1: One group claims he stole their idea, which he kind of did.
user1: Fincher splices it so that there are flashbacks along with the depositions.
user2: it was basically that hot or not thing with myspace
user1: Exactly
user1: Zuckerberg is so unlikable, that he ends up settling with a lot of cases because he would likely lose in the courtroom.
user2: So it seems like it's worth watching?
user1: Yes it is good, and I'm not just saying that.
user1: I think we're good. Nice talking with you!
user2: that's good. I remember wanting to see it
user2: same

conversation:
user2: Today we are discussing the social network 
user2: Have you seen it ?
user1: Hello, yes.
user1: What about you?
user2: Yes its a 2010 drama 
user2: The director is David fincher do you know him ?
user1: Not familiar. 
user2: Rotten tomatoes gave it 9/10.  I think its a 10 
user1: I'm shocked it got 96% 
user2: Its a b plus too ?
user2: It stars Jesse einsienberg .. do you follow him ?
user2: He plays mark 
user1: Yeah. I think that is a pretty high score for a documentary film
user1: No. But he did great in this movie
user2: Andrew Garfield is good in this he plays Eduardo .. do you like him ?
user1: Yeah he is pretty good
user2: Justin Timberlake is my favorite he plays sean
user1: I love that it all started when Mark got dump by his girlfriend.
user1: Yeah I like him too.
user2: Its a tale of sex money genius and betrayal 
user2: Its also based on bens 2009 book 
user2: The film isnt about the start of Facebook and lawsuits 
user2: It was consaidered the movie of the year 
user1: Hmm is that so? I thought it revolves around that plot
user1: How Facebook started
user2: It was and non of the actors had any say in the movie 
user2: Its suppose to a dark view of it 
user2: Part fiction and part biographical 
user1: Interesting, I wish it was pure biographical though
user2: IT takes liberties with its subject
user1: Agree. 
user2: Aaron working based his screenplay on a contentious book
user1: So the lawsuit part is not real eh
user2: It was Ben mezricha book the accidental billionaires that it was based from 
user1: You read the book? I am not familiar 
user2: The film was released by columbine pictures on October 1 2010 that was a while ago 
user1: Yeah pretty old movie
user2: No the accidential billionaires was written awhile ago as well 
user1: Thank you. 

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: hey
user2: the movie is the social media
user1: So this weekend I saw a movie i had never seen ...it is not new..called social net work have you seen it? 
user2: i going talk whit you about this movie
user1: Did you see it this weekend? 
user1: What did you think? Did you enjoy the movie?
user1: Jesse Esienberg was such a surprise ?   What did you likeor not like?
user1: I really thought the movie was better then expected and was surprised at armie hammer playing two characters.  Justin timberlake was a complete surprise as well.  
user1: Are you there?  Hello....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????

conversation:
user1: hello!
user2: Hello!
user1: how are you doing?
user2: good and you?
user1: fine thank you! should we discuss the social network?
user2: yes! How do you think Jesse Eisenberg did?
user1: I think he did very well. He almost made the film singlehandendly
user2: I agree! The reviews for the film show that it was really good
user1: I think that the reviews are too high
user1: the film is good but not that good
user2: I think it's interesting facebook was not involved at all. How do you think they felt about the movie?
user1: I suspect that they were not very happy about it
user2: Yeah, the first scene makes Zuckerberg look really bitter
user1: yeah
user2: Do you like these types of biographical movies?
user1: the jury also doesn't appear to sympathize with him 
user1: usually I don't.
user2: Me neither but this was good because it showed who he really was 
user1: but do you think that it was an accurate portrayal? some people talked about some creative "liberties"
user2: Yeah, I wonder how accurate the second scene is. What did the movie makers change to make it more dynamic...
user1: yes. particularly when you have to throw in some romantic tension into the mix
user2: Do you think that affected what reviews the movie got?
user2: Such as the role of Christy Lee
user1: yes. without some creative liberties the story is rather boring, revolving around topics that don't interest people much (business, law, tech)..
user2: Exactly and the law part has to be highly fictionalized because how can the movie makers have known what happened in closed door settlements
user1: well saverin was a consultant so he could've let them know on his end
user1: but what about zuck and the evil twins? we just don't know
user2: Notice how you said "evil twins", you can see how the movie affected your opinion of them.
user2: Maybe the movie was biased
user1: perhaps. but I don't think that most of the characters were friendly 
user1: except perhaps for saverin
user2: Zuckerberg did not seem very "friendly to me"
user2: He seemed very insecure like when he kept trying to get the friend request approved
user1: it's over mate
user2: Nice day to you. 
user1: have a good one

conversation:
user1: Hey?
user2: Hi whats up?
user1: Im good, how are you? in the mood for some drama movie?
user2: Good good, yeah sure, any recommendations?
user1: Are you a fan of Jesse Eisenberg? The movie is called The Social Network.
user2: Ohh, nice, I havent watch it yet.
user1: It is definitely worth checking out, I mean right now facebook kind of sucks but still lol.
user2: Hahaha yeah, its been a while since that movie came out too right?
user1: Right right. It came out 2010. Cant believe 2010 is 8 years ago already.
user2: Oh shit youre right, God.
user2: So tell me more about the movie if it is worth getting back to.
user1: Sure, well I think you already know a little bit of the plot, or what's it about haha.,
user2: Yeah, kind of, is it how the creator of facebook well created Facebook right?
user1: In a way haha, but in depth the film portrays the founding of the social networking site and the resulting lawsuits.
user2: Ohhh right right.
user2: I kind of knew that lol. About the lawsuits.
user1: Yeah, it somewhat grounds the story to that.
user2: Okay, any other actors I should know about thats in the movie?
user2: Other than Jesse haha.
user1: Justin Timberlake, Armie Hammer, Andrew Garfield is in the movie too.
user2: Say what? The cast is impressive, lol.
user1: It is.
user1: You should watch it because it really tells the origins of the guy himself that created facebook.
user2: Okay. Yeah im a bit interested.
user2: So is it just a drama movie?
user2: Whats the score again or the rating of the movie?
user1: Yeah, but the director is David Fincher, in my opinion one of the best.
user1: Rating of 9/10. and a Rotten Tomatoes score of 96%.
user2: David Fincher! Im a big fan too!
user2: And wow that rating...
user1: Hahahaha
user1: Ikr.
user2: Lol, thanks for the movie recommendation!

conversation:
user2: hmmm what do you think about The Social Network?
user1: I think it was a really interesting movie. I think I liked it more because I am a Facebook user so it was more relatable. What did you think?
user2: I love the people who play in it. They are excellent actors and with it being about Facebook, it's super relatable to anyone watching it.
user1: Did you have a favorite character or actor? I really liked Jesse Eisenberg in this movie as mark Zuckerberg 
user2: He was really good, I really liked how well Andrew Garfield did as Eduardo Saverin. 
user2: What do you think of having Saverin being consulted for the movie?
user1: I think that was a good idea. But I have to wonder how accurate the whole movie is since Zuckerberg didn't get to consult on the movie
user1: and he is the founder!
user2: I do find it interesting they didn't get him in on the movie. I wonder if it's because he refused to do it or they  decided just not to contact him?
user1: I think he didn't want to get involved with the whole Hollywood scene and perhaps the movie doesn't make him look as good as he would like
user1: Because in the movie, Facebook started as a whole Hot or Not program, which is slightly offensive haha 
user2: That's what I was thinking. I figured the movie made him look like a bad guy and he didn't want to get anything additionally bad tagged to him. That and he may be trying to stay away from the lime light with something like that
user1: I think that the Winklevoss twins also looked bad in the movie, like they were trying to take credit of everything.
user2: It looks like it! I'm wondering if they were trying to just make him do the dirty work and them get all the ladies for it or if they could really see the big picture with Facebook and it's future
user1: That's a good point. I remember when this movie came out and everyone was talking about it. Do you think this movie was successful?
user2: I think initially it definitely successful. I don't know if it was impactful. You think this will be a classic movie that is remembered or just another controversial movie?
user1: I think that it is a classic movie just because not many like it have been made. But I also think a lot of its success came from the Facebook craze and not the quality of the movie itself
user2: I think it will be definitely remembered for this time era. With the different controversies that went with it, which one do you think was most surprising? The sex, money or betrayal? 
user1: I think the betrayal was more surprising because it started as a team effort so it was sad to see the team members become greedy
user2: What do you think of the phrase 'facebook me' you think it's almost as popular as saying to 'google' something?
user1: Yes I think that Facebook is definitely the most widely known social network. Even if it's not as popular as it used to be, everyone I know still uses Facebook almost daily.
user1: DO you think scene 1 or 2 was more interesting ?
user2: I like scene 2. It shows the initial growth of facebook and kinda gives it a look into what it is now. What do you think is better? The first or second scene?
user1: I like scene 1 because it shows the true nature of Facebook's beginnings and explains how Zuckerberg managed to scale up and develop the project.
user2: What do you think if it essentially starting as a dating website?
user1: I think it's very interesting how the movie emphasizes Facebook's start as a romantic connection website and how it shifted into primarily being aimed towards connecting with friends and acquaintances 

conversation:
user2: Right, so, The Social Network.
user1: What year did that film come out?
user2: It got really good reviews. 9/10s all across the board from RT to Metacritic.
user2: One sec.
user2: 2010
user1: It is nice to see Justin Timberlake in a more serious role
user2: Yeah. It was a little surprising.
user2: I don't think I've seen Eisenburg anywhere since, either.
user1: I didn't realize that it was adapted from a book. 
user2: Oh, damn, me neither.
user2: I never read Accidental Billionaires.
user1: I haven't either. 
user2: It was hailed as an important film and an important book, which was fairly interesting.
user2: I think it's good. I like it.
user1: Very true.
user2: The first big scene of it was fairly bombastic tbh
user1: It is said that not everything is to be believed so I wonder how much is opinion vs facts
user2: Zuckerberg emerging from a relationship to start being an asshole
user2: Insane to think that guy might be a candidate in two years, but that's off topic.
user1: I didn't realize he went to Harvard. 
user2: I feel like the most damning things are facts, but the rest is movie stuff
user2: The fine details are definitely fabricated.
user1: Amazing that all of this started when he was only 19
user2: Yeah
user2: He was using the house he was staying in in Palo Alto as headquarters, which was nuts.
user2: Like, he was almost exactly like a child.
user1: I'm floored that the name of multibillion industry was a one off comment by a fellow student 
user2: It's still such a terrible name too!
user2: But that was really surprising.
user1: Very high brow that it was only ivy league at first. 
user2: Sorta makes ivys look terrible imo
user2: I don't think the facebook stuff was flattering
user2: To anyone really, I think the moral was like, people will ruin you and everyone else to get freakishly rich 
user2: And there's nothing anyone can do about it but suffer
user1: I think the original intention was social networking and it grew beyond that too quickly
user2: It became a monster, and I think Zuckerburg did too.
user2: Like the court stuff was nightmareish.
user1: I didn't know there were that many lawsuits tied to it. I thought it was only one. 
user2: The scene with Zuckerberg facebook stalking his (former girlfriend?) Albright while they lower that dude into the ground was chilling
user1: While the original idea was someone elses I don't think it would have gotten as far without zuckerberg's input
user2: The whole final third of it was insane.
user1: He might be wildly unpleasant but there is no denying he is quite bright
user2: The character in the movie telling Zuckerberg to settle because everyone hates him and he's annoying as hell
user2: And he's still one of the most powerful people on the planet then and he's still pounding sand about being so broken
user2: Good conversation btw. Goodbye!
user1: The jury would have never sided with him though so the out of court settlement was probably the smartest move ever on his part

conversation:
user2: Hello 
user1: Hey. So how did you like the movie, The Social Network?
user2: I really enjoyed it. It's a good biopic that doesn't pull punches 
user2: what did you think of it?
user1: I totally agree with you. I am a fan of David Fincher films, and he did a really nice job with this one as well. I usually don't enjoy biographical movies. 
user2: I love anything that does a deep dive into character's inner workings. He made Mark Zuckerberg out to be a real piece of work. 
user2: Classic anti-hero 
user1: Yeah definitely. How do you feel about the portrayal of Zuckerburg? Do you think his character is super true to life? 
user2: I don't know honestly, I don't know a lot about him. But I think Eisenberg makes compelling character choices. What do you think? Do you know a lot about Zuckerberg? 
user1: I don't know much about him either. I was just thinking about how the film is based on Mezrich's book, The Accidental Billionaires. I just know that some of the facts presented in the text have been disputed. 
user2: I think it was important to the director to capture the themes/mood of the book rather than the facts. It would've been a boring movie otherwise. 
user1: That's a good point. I really think it was an exciting film, which I wouldn't expect for a movie about a social media startup. 
user2: What do you think about Andrew Garfield's work?
user1: I think he seemed suited to the role of Saverin. Although I really knew little to nothing about the origins of Facebook before this film. Did you have any idea that Zuckerburg created that site to rate women's attractiveness? 
user2: I think that says a lot about the tech industry. Maybe that's why it's rated so high on Rotten Tomato and Metacritic 
user2: Why do you think the CinemaScore is lower?
user1: Yeah. It's just insane that that's how Facebook got its start. I was really surprised by a lot of the things in this film. Honestly I don't know about the score though. It does seem strange that the rating on CinemaScore would be significantly lower than the other two. 
user1: Do you tend to care about movies' ratings before you watch them?
user2: I follow a few different sites, and CinemaScore seems to be lower on a lot of movies. I only see a few movies a year so I always check the scores. 
user2: Do you care about movie ratings?
user1: Not as much, I guess. I often feel like I disagree with the ratings of films. I feel that the critics' and my own opinions aligned with The Social Network, though. 
user2: It was a very popular movie. Biographics always are. Do you think The Social Network impacted American culture? 
user1: I'm not sure. I feel like the film really illustrated something that became a big part of American culture though. Do you feel like it had a big impact?
user2: I think it did. Facebook is such an important part of the culture, and even if the movie wasn't factual it ended up being the narrative we all believe anyway. 
user2: I think it also showcased the beginning of the tech industry in California pretty well too, and that's a big issue nowadays 
user1: I agree with you about the film being the narrative people believe. I feel like most people who watched the film probably had no idea about a lot of the stuff concerning the creation of Facebook, myself included. So they see the film, and accept it as truth. 
user2: So I guess the question of truth comes down to if Zuckerberg liked it or not. It did make him look endearing as an anti-hero if anything
user1: I thought it was effective that they cut in scenes from the lawsuits against Zuckerburg throughout the film. d
user2: Yeah the use of time jumps can either go very well or very badly 
user1: Do you think this made you sympathetic/unsympathetic towards him?
user2: I felt unsympathetic because it seemed like a lot of his problems came from himself, however the twins suing him was sympathtic
user2: What do you think?
user1: Yeah me too. I especially disliked him when he friend requested the ex girlfriend he'd slandered online initially He kept refreshing the page like expecting her to immediately accept. It seemed arrogant. 
user2: It came off as sad and desperate 
user2: Which made me pity him 

conversation:
user2: Did you get a chance to see Social Network
user1: I did; it's interesting because it works very well as a movie but I'm not sure if it's really accurate as a biopic
user2: I get what you mean that it works as a movie but I'm not sure what you mean by the second part of your statement?
user1: Like is it an accurate re-telling of the event. Everything in it seems heightened to elicit the maximum amount of drama.
user2: sure that makes sense.  I guess I assume that is the case with any movie that is supposedly based on a true story.
user2: I didn't read the book.  Did you?

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: hey there, what are we going to watch/talk about
user2: the social network
user2: did you watch it before ?
user1: Umm, social network movie
user2: yes
user1: Is it the Zuckerberg story
user2: yes , it's about the creation of Facebook
user1: when he was at Harvard. yes?
user2: yes, the movie was released in 2010
user1: OK, I thought it was interesting how there were a lot of important secondary contributors.
user2: it is very interesting indeed, the cast involved andrew Garfield and Justin Timberlank beside Jesse Elsenberg
user1: what did Justin T. do, I have found that he is really a pretty good actor, thi the movies are so so
user2: he made the rule of Sean Parker
user1: I don't recall that at all. Who is elsenberg, have I seen him elsewhere?
user2: he acted in The Education of Charlie Banks 
user2: do you know what was the rating of this movie?
user1: Hmm, Iamat the worst at remembering movies. I watch too many and then 5 years down the road I can watch and they are klike new. That never happens with books
user1: the rating had to be general PG
user2: so you prefer reading books rather than watching movies
user2: it has 9/10 average rating on rotten Tomatoes
user1: No actually, I can't read books anymore since I started working computer jobs. Something has happened to my attention span if words are not on a screen. Very, very weird. My sister got it too
user1: I do think I'll give it another go round, I do remeber it was good.
user2: but this movie will definitely grab your attention 
user2: yes you should
user1: I do remember there were a set of twins who got the evil portrayal and now they are bit coin moguls.
user2: I am not sure about the bitcoins part
user1: They got a big chunk of facebook in court. we must be almost done, where you at"\
user1: Im on lake Erie shore
user2: yes I think this did happen really, they were lucky
user2: ok nice chatting with you . bye

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hi
user1: Have you seen the Social Network?
user2: Why, yes of course. Jesse Eisenberg was phenomenal as Zuckerberg
user2: Did you know that Eduardo Saverin was a consultant for the book titled the same?
user1: I didn't know that.
user1: I can't believe this movie came out in 2010
user1: So long ago
user2: Oh, I;m sorry. The book was actually titled The Accidental Billionaires
user2: Yes, it felt like it came out yesterday
user2: Do you like biographies as such?
user1: Yes, I like biographies. Mostly documentaries.
user1: You?
user2: Me too.
user2: I really liked the scene where he creates FaceSmash and the server gives in, you know
user1: This movie got great reviews
user1: I haven't seen it, but I heard that scene was great.
user2: Of course, that is essential to the plot of the movie
user2: And "Facebook me", that is catchy as hell
user2: right?
user1: It's crazy that he was 19
user1: It definitely is.
user2: Yes, and taking Sean Parker's advice to drop the "The", that is amazing, right?
user1: Yeah it was good. I haven't seen Andrew Garfield in anything else I don't think.
user2: Too bad Saverin is left in NY for business
user2: He played Saverin's part pretty well.
user2: Don't you think?
user1: What did you think about Justin Timberlake?
user2: He was pretty good too
user2: But I really liked it when the Winklevoss twins sue Zuckerberg, did you?
user1: I did hear about that part.
user2: After all, Zuckerberg really stole their ideas, right?
user1: Slightly, yes. I liked David Fincher's directing, also. What did you think of the directing?
user2: It was phenomenal, I think
user2: and what about Zuckerberg's callous attitude, what was up with that? Eisenberg made it beleivable
user2: right?
user1: I'm not a fan of Eisenberg because he usually plays the same rude character
user1: But this time he actually fit the bill
user2: ah yes, I think the same
user2: But did you like it when Saverin's shares were diluted? I did not. Work in NY and also get shares diluted; pretty bad don't you think?

conversation:
user2: Hello! Have you seen any good movies lately?
user1: yes
user1: hi
user2: What have you seen?
user1: The movie The Social Network is pretty good ... it's about how Facebook came about and the lawsuit that took place after a dispute of ideas
user2: Hmm. Who stars in it?
user1: Jesse Eisenberg stars as Mark Zuckerberg and Justin Timberlake is in the movie as Sean Parker
user2: Justin Timberlake?! Really? Wow, he's versatile.
user1: He seems to do it all. This is the first time I've seen him in a movie
user2: Who is the director?
user1: David Fincher is the director
user1: it's a biopraphic/drama that has received excellent reviews
user2: I don't recognize the name. Do you know of any other films he's done?
user1: I do not, but the critics seem to love the way he tackled this movie
user1: Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 9/10
user1: Metacritic scored it 95 out of 100
user1: Facebook was not involved in the making of the movie either
user2: That's impressive. When was the film released?
user1: 2010
user1: Oh, Aaron Sorkin wrote the film and Fincher directed
user2: Sorkin -- didn't he write West Wing?
user1: I'm not sure
user2: How long is the movie? i hope it's not one of those three-hour affairs.
user1: No time was given
user2: Anything else you can tell me about the movie?
user1: It's cool to see how facebook came about after Zuckerberg was dumped by his girlfriend at Harvard.
user2: So that's why he invented it? Revenge?
user1: His LiveJournal blog turned into a campus website called Facemash, which rates female students on attractiveness.
user1: Zuckerberg crashed the Harvard computer network with it and got six months academic probabtion,
user2: Kind of creepy. Weren't there others involved in Facebook's early days.
user1: The twins, Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss, who went on to sue Zuckerberg
user2: So, did any of the critics have anything bad to say about the movie?
user1: Sorkin based his screenplay on a contentious book about the subject, so some of the parts of the story might not be 100 percent accurate
user2: Well, it is technically fiction, right? So I wouldn't expect 100 percent truth.
user1: The film takes a lot of liberties
user2: Seems like I might enjoy The Social Network.
user1: Ben Mezrich wrote the original book that Sorkin uses for his screenplay
user1: That came out in 2009
user2: I don't recognize the name.
user2: Besides Eisenberg and Timberlake, is there anyone else recognizable among the actors?
user1: It seems like what turned out to be college kids coming up with a great idea in Facebook turned into a messy divorce with lots of lawsuits 
user1: Arnie Hammer plays both twin brothers
user2: Cool! :-)
user1: Max Minghella is in it and Andrew Garfield
user2: No "leading lady"?
user1: Do you like these types of movies?
user1: None was listed
user2: I think I might like this.
user2: But they should make one about Twiiter.
user1: Do you watch films based on only good reviews?
user2: Actually, I tend to avoid reviews. I want to make up my own mind.
user1: How important is knowing the actors or actresses in a film to you?
user2: I like to know because there are some actors who I simply don't like. No matter the film, I just won't watch it if that actor is in it with a major role.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hello
user2: The Social Network was a pretty entertaining movie,
user1: I don't have the movie info, so you'll have to tell me about it.
user2: It is directed by David FIncher
user2: *Fincher
user1: I've heard of it.
user2: It is about the founding of Facebook
user2: It has a 96% on Rotten Tomatoes with a 9/10 average.
user1: That's pretty high, but I don't know if I care that much about Facebook.
user2: It stars Jesse Eisenberg, Andrew Garfield and Justin Timberlake.
user1: I'm not a big fan of those three.
user1: What did the critics like about it?
user2: The movie is about how Mark Zuckerberg, a 19 year old University student first hacks into the college database to steal photos of female students in order to rate them.
user2: They praise the directing.
user2: They like the style of the film
user1: I have liked other films by Fincher.
user2: This film is similar in that it focuses on the characters.
user1: That doesn't make Zuckerberg sound very sympathetic.
user2: Eventually the site expands beyond just Harvard
user2: This is when Sean Parker, the co-founder of Napster comes in
user2: He presents the "billion dollar vision" for what Facebook could become.
user2: The movie does not seek to portray Zuckerberg in a positive light
user1: I have a Facebook account, so even I have been affected by this guy.
user2: They all live in a house together as they are making moves to expand Facebook
user1: Who plays Sean Parker?
user2: Justin Timberlake
user1: interesting choice
user1: since most musicians hated napster
user2: So the central conflict is that Zuckerberg stole the idea for Facebook from the Winklevoss Twins played by Armie Hammer.
user1: ok
user2: Also Zuckerberg has conflict with Eduardo Saverin, a co-founder who says his shares in the company were unfairly diluted
user2: Basically Zuckerberg is accused of cheating many parties in creating Facebook.
user1: you can't get rich without making enemies, i guess
user2: It shows that things deteriorate in his personal life as Facebook grows
user2: I hope I provided enough information
user1: i think so
user1: thanks for the insight
user2: Thanks, then I guess we should finish this conversation.
user2: See Ya!
user1: bye

conversation:
user1: Hi, How are you? Let's talk
user2: How Im good. How are you? you seen The Social Network Before?
user1: No, but it sounds exciting.  Tell me more.
user2: It stars Jesse Eisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg who started facebook.
user2: It was a good movie
user1: Oh, wow.  I may have seen parts of that movie.  Facebook is such a cool invention.
user1: How did they make Facebook?
user2: In a dorm room at Harvard
user1: Sounds like they were pretty smart.
user2: He is really smart 
user1: Was he a computer major?
user2: The movie also stars Justin Timberlake.
user2: yes he was a computer programming major
user1: Wow, I didn't realize that the movie had Timberlake.  Was that one of his first movies?
user2: no hes been in a lot movies good actor
user1: Who else was in the movie?
user2: Andrew Garfield, Armie Hammer Max Minghella
user1: I'm not familiar with them.   
user2: it was directed by David Fincher
user1: Has he directed some other famous flicks too?
user1: Wish I invented Facebook.
user1: Where is Zuckerberg originally from?  Did the movie say?
user2: he directed the curious case of benjamin button
user1: I think I saw that one but it is vague in my mind.
user2: Im not sure where Mark Zuckerber is originally from I think New York though
user1: What is his background, does the movie say as far as training before Harvard?
user2: The person Justin Timberlake plays in the movie is s
user2: Sean Parker who made napster
user1: What is napster?  Maybe I'm too old to know that?
user2: that was the free music sharing from computer to computer years ago.....the music industry sued him for millions, but that is why we dont buy cd's today
user2: well it was nice chatting with you have a great day 
user1: Did the movie make the top selling at the box office at all?
user1: Have a great day too.
user1: Hope all goes well for you
user1: It was nice chatting with you.

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hello!
user2: How did you like the movie?
user1: It was great! David Fincher's film has the rare quality of being not only as smart as its brilliant hero, but in the same way. It is cocksure, impatient, cold, exciting and instinctively perceptive.
user2: Yes, definitely movie of the year worthy!
user2: The critics got it right for sure
user1: Do you agree with the rating of the movie?
user2: Oh yes, a 9/10 is good
user2: It's interesting the movie was adapted from Mezrich's book.
user2: I bet that's a good read
user1: Definitely! I love movies based off a true stories and happenings 
user1: *of
user2: Yeah, and of all things. the social networking creation was impressive. 
user1: One of my favorite eye opening scenes is the scene where Mark starts Facemash. i
user1: It's interesting to see that's where some of the idea started!
user2: Don't you love how Mark Zuckerberg is invited to work for a social network run by Harvard students after getting put on probation for creating that site. 
user2: Yeah, very interesting.
user2: I wish I was that tech savvy 
user1: I don't think he was planning of becoming a billionaire by making that Facemash site. Wouldn't that be great 
user1: *planning on
user1: One tiny step in that direction lead to where he's at now
user2: For sure!
user2: It's just amazing what comes from a small idea.
user2: Going from Thefacebook to Facebook as well! Haha
user1: Absolutely! It's interesting that the name Facebook came from someone just saying  it like that!
user1: You have to know you're becoming famous if you're getting expanded to two continents even though your headquarters is still in your own house!
user2: Haha that is definitely right. 
user2: Now Facebook is huge!
user2: Who would have jnown.
user2: Known*
user2: And it wiped out Myspace!
user2: Which I believe is virtually extinct these days.  
user1: For sure! Long gone are the days of Myspace
user2: I'm sure becoming so popular put a lot of strain on all the people who created it.
user1: Saverin must've known how huge Facebook was going to become to fight for it like that
user2: Leading to that lawsuit 
user1: Absolutely. You would have to be a very calloused person to deal with that
user1: Not letting it get to you
user2: Oh yes!
user2: I couldn't imagine how that felt.
user1: And then the fact that Mark uses his creation to send a friend request to the girlfriend he insulted with facemash. Not sure what he was thinking there!
user1: (Never done this before) Does the finish conversation button mean we completed it?
user2: Hahaha who knows!
user2: Yeah!
user1: Okay, awesome! This was interesting! Thanks for taking the time to do this!
user2: No problem, thank you as well!
user2: Have a good one!
user1: You too!

conversation:
user2: Greetings
user1: Hello!
user2: So, what did you think about the movie?
user2: I thought Eisen berg was great in it
user1: I really enjoyed the film. How did you feel about Justin Timberlake's performance in the movie?
user1: He really was great in the film
user2: I thought JT did well as all. He has shown he has a pretty good range as an actor.
user1: So does that mean you agree with the Metacritisocre of 95%?
user2: Definitely
user2: Fincher movies always tend to be highly rated
user2: Deservingly so
user1: Have you read the book it's based on?
user2: I have not
user2: I went in not knowing a lot about Zuckerberg
user1: I knew a little bit about Zuck, but the movie provided a lot more information. 
user2: It did a good job of delving into his life and his motivations
user1: Didn't know Fincher was a highly rated director
user2: Did not paint him as completely the bad guy, which was good I thought
user2: Oh yeah
user2: He did Seven, Fight Club, Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
user2: He definitely has his own style
user1: Nice, haven't seen any of those flims as of yet, but I'll have to add them to my list. 
user2: Fight Club is my all time favorite
user1: You're not suppose to talk about Fight Club, that's about all I know about the movie. 
user2: Andrew Garfield was decent in the movie I thought
user2: Haha yeah
user1: TBH I forgot that Andrew Garfield was in it and the same with Max.
user1: I've seen Max in The Handmaidens Tale if I remember correctly.
user2: I actually dont know who that is
user2: I did not know Arnie Hammer played the twins though
user2: Thats cool
user1: Did you have say the phrase "Facebook me" to people to get them to add you?
user2: Yeah there was a time with that
user2: Or add me on myspace
user2: Why is the paragraph talking about Batman vs Superman? lol
user1: Ugh I remember Myspace, JT actually owned that site for a bit.
user1: I don't see Batman vs Superman.
user2: The very end of the 3rd paragraph talks about it
user1: oh way now I see it.
user2: Someone miscopied I think
user1: Oh maybe it's apart of the conversation
user1: to see if people notice it.  
user2: Maybe
user1: Totally haven't seen BvS tho  
user1: What about you?
user2: Yeah. I am a huge superhero fan so I see all of them
user1: More into Marvel haha than DC.
user2: Well, have a good day!
user1: You too!

conversation:
user2: Good morning
user1: Hi, Good morning, how is it going?
user2: Doing all right, you?
user1: Good thanks. I would like to tell you something that I did yesterday...I watched an awesome movie.
user2: What movie did you watch?
user1: The Social Network, It's really unbelievable that you can watch, do you know what is it?
user2: I have heard of the movie, but never seen it. What is it about?
user1: About the funding of Facebook, is really interesting because you can know about its origins and I didn't know about one thing that actually happened in reality
user1: That thing was a huge scandal. It was about lawsuits. If you can watch the movie you can predict what would happen to the next generations of startups involved in technology.
user1: So, tell me, would you like to watch it someday?
user1: And the Director which is David Fincher is a kind of curious person because he's seen by the audience as a brilliant hero but he is also a cocksure, impatient, cold and very perceptive. These are very interesting characteristics because are contradictories and they make you think deeper about the details in the movie.
user1: Are still there?

conversation:
user2: HI
user2: How are you today?
user1: Hi I am great, have you seen the Social Network? Its an awesome movie!
user2: No I havent!
user2: Can you tell me whos in it?
user1: The social network, has really good rating on rotten tomatoes and an awesome critical response. It focuses on the founding of facebook with great actors including Jesse Eisenberg, Justin Timberlake and Armie Hammer
user2: Oh wow! Justin Timberlake is in it? I love seeing him in movies
user2: What are the ratings like on rotten tomatoes
user1: 9/10 96% on rotten tomatoes, which is a super positive review
user2: I agree! 
user1: Do you think you will watch it? With such great actors and a great review?
user2: What is your favorite scene of the movie?
user2: Im not sure yet...Id like to get more information before deciding.
user1: My favorite scene is when Jesse Isenberg plays a very cocksure, impatient, cold and instinctively perceptive Mark Zukerberg. 
user1: During the scene when he gets dumped by his girlfriend. And writes and insulting "facebook" post about her
user1: Which allows him then to essentially create facebook!
user2: That sounds really interesting.
user1: Yes it is very interesting, and a great look into how Facebook was born, and who created it
user2: I think id like to watch this if i ever find the time
user1: That is great, I really encourage you too see this movie!
user2: Yes, i love facebook so i think it would be awesome to see the story behind it
user1: Yeah exactly, the movie focuses on how Mark Zukerberg was able to grow facebook as a small college specific chat site, to the billion dollar company we know today.
user2: Thats a great fact to know!
user2: Any more cool facts about the movie?
user1: Yes! Because of the Facebook platform Mark Zukerberg crashed parts of Harvards computer network and was given six months of academic probation because of it
user2: oh no! thats unfortunate for him haha
user1: Yes - but he still was able to move out to Palo Alto to start the company 
user2: Where uis that at
user1: Also what is interesting is that the narrative is intercut with scenes from depositions tanker from old allies of mark zukerberg who are suing Zukerberg and Pacebook
user1: Palo Alto is not in New York
user2: that is differnet i guess
user1: Any other questions that you would like to know about the film
user2: no i think thats all the questions i havet
user2: thank you
user1: Yes! I hope you see the film! What are your thoughts now about it?
user2: I think it sounds like a great movie and I cant wait to see it
user1: Yes it really is a fantastic movie! Full of wit, aching sadness and dark irony!
user2: Sounds like it :)

conversation:
user2: Hello, how are you.
user1: The movie we are talking about is The Social Network. Have you seen it?
user2: I actually have not seen it. Never got around to it.
user1: I'm going to try to convince you to watch it based on the information  I was given. The movie got a 96% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
user2: that is a really good rating. who is in the movie?
user1: It has Jesse Eisenberg, Andrew Garfield, Justin Timberlake, Armie Hammer, and Max Minghella
user2: That is a pretty good cast. What is the plot of the flick?
user1: It's about the founding of Facebook, but no one on Facebook's staff were involved in making the movie
user2: so its like an unauthorized biography...
user1: Yes, pretty much. I suppose that makes it more objective and less of a Facebook ad
user2: how accurate do you think it was?
user1: I would guess that it was pretty accurate. I just received a new paragraph. It talks about how it all started because Mark Zuckerberg was dumped by his girlfriend and decided to post an insulting blog about her. Then he ended up making something called Facesmash to rate the attractiveness of female students at his college
user2: that could get pretty controversial. about how long is the movie?
user1: The information I have doesn't say, but I would guess about an hour and a half or two hours
user2: are the vinklevoss twins represented in it, and if so, who plays them?
user1: Yes they are. Armie Hammer plays both of them
user2: hahaha. that is pretty funny.
user1: I just got more information. It turns out that Facebook started with just Harvard but then was extended to Yale, Columbia, and Stanford. It was also originally called "Thefacebook" but they met with the co-founder of Napster who suggested dropping the word "the"
user2: I remember when "the" was in the title. totally funny. do you think I should see The Social Network?
user1: Yes, I think you should. It seems like a pretty interesting movie and the fact that it has a good rating is a good sign
user2: I know it was written by Aaron Sorkin, who I think also did the west wing. His writing can be good, but sometimes it is hit and miss.
user1: Yes, it was directed by David Fincher too if you have any interest in him. It says it was actually adapted from a book
user2: I like a lot of his movies. Seven and fight club were both really good. 
user1: Apparently throughout the film it's intercut with scenes from depositions from both the Winklevoss twins and Saverin's lawsuits against Zuckerberg and Facebook
user2: Ha. Wow. that sounds pretty intriguing. 
user1: It says the twins sued him because they claimed that Zuckerberg stole their idea, and Saverin sued him because he claimed his shares were unfairly diluted 
user2: In real life , I think they had some success with their lawsuits if I recall correctly
user2: when did the social network come out again?
user2: was good talking with you. I learned a lot about the movie.
user2: got anything else you want to tell me about it?

conversation:
user2: Hello, have you seen the movie The Social Network?
user1: I have seen it. You mean the 2010 biographical drama directed by David Fincher, about the founding of Facebook, right? 
user2: Yes, the one directed by David Fincher. It was a pretty good movie, it has a CinemaScort rating of a B+
user1: Yea, I wasn't sure how it would turn out, but Jesse Eisenberg (who played Mark Zuckerberg) did a great job. Although I find it odd that Zuckerburg himself (nor Facebook staff) were involved with the project.
user2: I did too. But, there was several celebrities in it, like Justin Timberlake, he played Sean Parker in the movie. The movie was released to the United States by Columbia Pictures. Amie Hammer played two characters in this movie, Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss. I bet that was challenging.
user1: I'm sure it did. And I thought Timberlake was great in his role as well. The film takes liberties with the subject matter, and Aaron Sorkin based his screenplay on the book "The Accidental Billionaires." Not sure how much of it is actually factual, but it's certainly enjoyable. 
user2: It has a few critical responses but it what said that this was the movie of the year. They say that Fincher and Sorkin takes this even further then that.
user1: Yea the critical response so far has been very positive. It received a 96% on Rotten Tomatoes and a Metacritic Score of 95/100. And I have to say it definitely deserves it. 
user2: I agree, it does. Very good movie and I enjoyed the actors in it as well. It is said that not only does the movie portray Facebook, it also portrays the lawsuits as well. I learned some things that I didn't know before I watched it. 
user1: Yea, it really defined the dark irony of the past decade. The scathing wit of the film is laced with an aching sadness. 
user2: I was surprised to find out that Mark Zuckerberg got 6 months of academic probation for hacking into the college databases.
user1: Yea turned out to be a blessing in disguise though. Remember how Facemash's popularity attracted the attention of Harvard upperclassmen (and twins) Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss and their business partner Divya Narendra? And then they invite Zuckerberg to work on Harvard Connection (a social network for Harvard students aimed at dating).
user2: Yes, and to think all this started because he was dumped by his then girlfriend, Erica Albright. If he would of never written that insulting entry in his Live Journal blog, then none of this popularity and wealth would of happened for him.
user1: Yea, it's funny how it all worked out. He stole the photos of female students, for site visitors to rate, due to the bitterness of being dumped. 
user2: Yeah, he posted them on the campus website that he created. It was called Facemash. Kinda funny, that people were rating females faces on this website with it's given name. 
user1: Not sure how much of those scenes were factual though. I'd imagine he would get much worse than 6 months of academic probation, just for hacking into the college database, alone. 
user2: You would think so. Zuckerberg and Saverin met another fellow student, Christy Lee, who asked them to "facebook me" and they were impressed by this.
user1: Yea it was interesting how Lee arranged for Saverin and Zuckerberg to meet Napster co-founder Sean Parker, whopresented a "billion dollar" vision for them. 
user2: Yeah, he suggested that they drop "the" from "Thefacebook" and to just call it Facebook. 
user1: Yea, that was probably for the best. He also suggested the company move to Palo Alto. And Saverin remained in New York to work on business development.
user2: Yes. I'm sure it was! When Parker promised to expand Facebook to two continents, Zuckerberg invited him to live in the house that he was using as the companies headquarters. That was really nice of him.
user1: Yea, I'm sure Parker impressed Zuckerberg with his vision. Plus he was already expanding to other schools like Yale, Columbia, and Stanford University, anyway. 
user2: I was surprised to learn the twins claimed that Zuckerberg stole their idea.
user1: And Saverin claimed his shares of Facebook were unfairly diluted when the company was incorporated 
user2: I also was shocked Zuckerberg sent a friend request to Albright after everyone left.
user1: And then refreshing the webpage every few seconds as he waits for her response. Sad. 
user2: Yes it was. Well, without her breaking up with him, none of this would of happened. 
user1: Going back to the lawsuit- I really like how Throughout the film, the narrative is intercut with scenes from depositions taken in the Winklevoss twins' and Saverin's respective lawsuits against Zuckerberg and Facebook. I really pulls you in and makes you want to find out more. 
user2: Yes, I was very interested throughout the whole movie. 
user1: Indeed. Thanks for chatting with me about the film. I'll probably go and see it on Netflix, again. It was that good. 
user1: Later

conversation:
user2: hii
user1: hey
user2: you like it?
user1: yeah its interesting
user2: i like it too
user2: david fincher is cool
user1: Yeah and i think they got a good person to play Mark Zuckerberg
user2: yeah
user2: good story
user1: deffinately
user2: jesse eisenberg is a good actor
user1: He can play any part it seems like
user2: true
user1: Justin Timberlake did a great job as well
user2: ""The biographical part takes liberties with its subject." said the reviewer
user2: haha
user1: haha ok then
user1: I cant believe it was released in 2010. That is 8 years ago!
user2: time flies
user2: facebook is old
user2: aaron sorkin writes well
user1: I think it was smart of Zuckerberg to drop the 'the" from TheFacebook lol. Sounds kind of weird
user1: Yes sorkin does!
user2: hehe
user2: thefacebook does sound funny
user2: thegoogle
user1: Right
user2: theinstagram
user2: the zuckerberg
user2: winklevoss twins were funny too
user1: The Winklevoss twins did kind of get screwed. haha
user2: oh ya
user1: And kind of Saverin did too
user2: guess they all got screwed by the Zuckerberg
user2: except Justin Timberlake
user1: right
user1: Why does it talk about Superman at the end of the third paragraph? haha
user2: well spotted
user2: typo?
user2: the superman entered the social network
user1: yeah i would say so. strange lol
user2: happy turking
user1: you too!

conversation:
user2: Hey!
user2: Have you watched the movie The Social Network?
user2: HEYYYYYY????
user1: sorry. jeez. I was in the restroom. What movie?

conversation:
user2: Hi, have you seen The Social Network?
user1: No i havent? whats it about?
user2: Basically it's about the founding of Facebook and how Mark Zuckerberg created it.
user1: Ah thats sounds really good, how long is the movie?
user2: It doesn't say how long the movie is, but David Fincher directed it.
user1: Ah nice!
user1: I think he did world war z too
user1: Im sure it will be a good watch if its directed by him? Who is the main role?
user2: Jesse Eisenberg plays as Mark Zuckerberg. He's the guy in Now You See me movies
user1: Ah so quite a big actor then. Did it win many awards?
user2: Doesn't say so yet, but it has a rotten tomato score of 96% metacritic 95/100 and cinemascore B+
user1: Wow really highly rated then, is there anymore famous actors in it?
user2: Justin Timberlake as Sean Parker, Andrew Garfield as Eduardo Saverin, Armie Hammer as Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss, Max as Divya Narendra
user1: A pretty all star cast then i see. 
user2: Yeah I would say so. 
user1: is it based on the book "The Accidental Billionaires."
user2: Yeah, the bookwas published in 2009.
user1: Is it true to events?
user2: Yes, it is based on true events. It all started because Mark was upset that his girlfriend dumped him.
user1: And is that what cause him to create facebook?
user2: He created a website called Facemash by hacking into college database to steal photos of female students the allowing visitors to rate their attractiveness.
user1: Intersting! I never knew that, it certainly sounds good. would you recommend it?
user2: Oh yes I have seen it before it's more of a comedic documentery
user1: Comedic? It actually sounds really good. 
user2: yeah I would defiantly recommend it.
user1: Cool i will give it  a watch then!
user2: Great! don't forget he was only 19 when he created facebook.
user1: A few years younger than me, i wish i was him!
user2: Yeah same here!
user1: Nice speaking to you!
user2: You too!

conversation:
user2: Fan of David Fincher's movies?
user1: I'm not sure I'm familiar with any of them
user2: Ever seen Fight Club, with Brad Pitt?
user1: Oh, yes. I see Seven is also one of his movies.
user1: That was a great movie

conversation:
user1: Hi. The Social Network is a good movie about the founding of Facebook.
user1: Have you seen it? 
user2: yes, I liked it a lot
user1: I liked Aaron Sorkin's screenplay and David Fincher did a good job directing it.
user1: What did you think of Jesse Eisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg?
user2: I do not think it's a completely real story.
user1: I would agree with that. It's based on a contentious book and it's known to have taken liberties with its subject, so there's that
user2: his performance was spectacular
user1: you mean eisenberg's?
user2: yes
user2: It was a way to give more attention to the plot.
user1: What was?
user1: are you still there?
user1: What did you think of Justin Timberlake as Sean Parker?
user2: si
user2: his character was very sincere
user2: I would have liked the original protagonists to participate in the filming
user2: some kind of advice
user2: contribute something to the plot
user2: it would have given a touch of greater credibility
user1: really can't follow your convo. i'm assuming you're AI.
user1: I don't think Zuckerberg et al would participate though...I don't think they liked the way they were portrayed, whether true or not
user2: no
user1: what did you think about donald trump as Tyler Winkelvoss?
user2: that's true
user1: And I couldn't believe that Ben Mezrich based the book on Jared Kushner who was the real founder of Facebook
user2: Where did you get donald trump?
user1: Just checking if you're actually reading my responses
user1: What do you think of Facebook's original purpose?
user2: a revolutionary social network for your time
user2: let me read that I have new information
user1: I did think it was rather freaky when the dirt atop Clark's coffin levitates. what did you think of that?
user1: i'm guessing you're done responding
user2: I did not understand the question. What do you think it means?
user1: now you respond. i was just about to abort the conversation. let's pay attention and get this done okay? i don't really know what it meant. it was just strange
user2: yes,
user2: Why do not you think Facebook is called directly to the movie?
user1: i think it's interesting the suit got settled in part to hide the sordid details of Facebook's founding
user1: what's your native language?
user2: yes. that's why maybe the protagonists did not participate
user1: maybe
user1: all right. well it's been interesting talking with you
user2: how many documents are there?
user1: i thought it was four, but at the top of the document above paragraph three it says end of document so I guess that's it
user1: any last thoughts on the movie?
user1: or should we fade to us hitting refresh over and over waiting for a response?
user2: it was more fiction than anything else
user1: agreed

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: hi 
user1: how r u ?
user2: I'm good, and you?
user1: im ok 
user2: So what kind of movie do you like?
user1: have u wattch the social network
user2: I hav before, but do't know much about it
user1: is about all these social networks 
user2: Oh sounds interesting, whats your favorite part about it?
user1: the part i  like the most is how they let u know how much the creator of facebook struggled at the begining 
user1: to start his social application
user2: Oh so it's like a real life situation. Sounds interesting, is it a movie?
user1: do u recall any part of the movie 
user1: yes
user2: I haven't seen it
user1: oh no ? , u should watch it
user2: I should perhaps, what else is interesting about it?
user1: well for example one of the first parts is that zuckenberg was dumped by his girlfriend
user1: as soon that happened he went and wrote on his journal abbout  it
user2: Awe that's rough, I really like that this movie is like a biography
user1: and made that public
user1: and call it facemash 
user2: Oh do you know when the movie was released?
user1: yes 2010
user1: and has a really good reviews
user1: but the actors are nott that well known 
user2: D you know the imdb or rotten tomatoes for it?
user1: despite that u can see great performances
user1: 96 percent
user2: Wow that's amazing, I'm really interested
user1: justin timberlake is in it 
user1: eh
user1: ha !
user2: Woah Justin Timberlake is in it too
user1: yep
user1: do u like him ?
user2: Yeah he's great!
user2: What do you think about him
user1: eh i havent seen amazing performances in terms of acting from him
user1: but he is learning
user1: he  is ok in this movie
user2: Yeah I can agree. Well thank you for the information on the movie!
user1: ur more than welcome 

conversation:
user2: Hey :)
user1: Hi
user2: How are you?
user1: I am doing good, how about you
user2: Doing pretty well, thanks for asking.
user1: what do you think about the movie The Social network...?
user1: have you watched that movie before?
user2: Hmm, I've heard of it, but I haven't watched it. What's it about? I'm assuming something with social media lol
user1: Yes I believe it is about the Foundation of Facebook
user2: Oh, that sounds cool. Like how he started it?
user1: Yes how it came into picture...
user1: Looks like it has got a very good rating 
user1: I think character played by Jesse Elsenberg  as Mark Zuckerberg was very good and well represented
user2: Interesting. Is it just surrounding him or does it involve other people, too?
user1: Yes it surrounds his family..
user2: Oh, I do like him as an actor. He looks kind of geeky lol so I guess it makes sense.
user1: basically he and his sister started the company
user1: There were some critics about the movie but overall it was a success
user1: Based on the information it looks like the Cinema Score was not great...
user1: It is only B+
user1: Do you agree with the rating of the movie
user1: hey r u there
user2: Well, since I haven't seen it, I wouldn't know
user1: understand when you get a chance u should watch it
user2: But I'm kind of weary of the way critics rate and rank movies because they usually look at all these different aspects that the typical movie goer doesn't look for
user2: So, I usually watch a movie if it's within the genres I like or if people I know tell me about it
user1: Yep totally true...we cannot decide to watch a movie just based on ratings
user2: I don't know if my sister and I would be good at running a company together haha
user1: LOL good one 
user2: We have differences in opinions and the way we like to work
user2: What genre of movie would it be placed in?
user1: I believe it would be placed under Drama
user1: It has a whole lot of drama in it....more conversation oriented
user1: Which genre of movie do you prefer..?
user2: Ohhh, okay. I like drama sometimes, and since it's essentially a biopic, it should have drama
user2: Life consists of some type of drama lol
user1: Sure it does

conversation:
user1: Did you like this movie?
user1: Did you like Jesse Eisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg?
user2: Yes, I enjoyed seeing Jesse Eisenbergs portrayal of Mark.
user1: Do you often like to watch biographical movies?
user1: hello?
user2: Usually, I do. It feels more enjoyable to know that these things actually happened while you're watching. But of course, it's not going to be exact. I would like to read the book "Accidental Billionaires" to see if it is similar. 
user2: What about you do you like biographical movies alsol?
user1: Yes, I am curious to see how closely Aaron Sorkin's script follows from the book
user1: I like that biographical movies tell stories of social importance
user2: How did you like the portrayal of Zuckerberg?
user1: I thought his take was very goof
user1: Did you like David Fincher's directing?
user2: I felt like he gave a quality to the film that kept me intrigued and sucked in.
user1: Yes, I thought that the rave critical reviews were well deserved
user2: Yes, I would definitely watch another David Fincher movie. If you change something about the movie what would you change?
user1: I think I would not have cast Justin Timberlake as Sean Parker
user1: What about you?
user2: Yeah I could see that.
user1: Did you enjoy the movie overall?
user2: I would have had Zuckerberg involved with the film so that it would be more close to what actually happened.
user1: I liked the scene where Zuckerberg creates the facemash website because I thought it was funny
user2: Yeah, the crazy things people do during a breakup. But it actually was a positive thing in the end because it got him involved with those twins.
user1: Yes, it was a good thing because they were all able to work on Harvard Connection
user2: Now I want to look up Facemash to see if it still exists.
user1: That would be interesting to know. But what did you think about when they moved the company to Palo Alto?
user2: I think it was a great move. When you're starting a business you don't really know the outcome and if you are given a reason to change things you should change them.
user1: Thats a great point. What did you think about the screenwriter's choice to weave the scenes from the deposition throughout the main narrative?
user2: I think it added to the suspense and built up the drama. That gave it a more enjoyable watch. 
user1: I agree. I also think it was an interesting way to draw contrast between the humble beginnings of the company and the entity it grew to be
user2: Yeah, even with all the dirty water.
user2: It's easy to see all sides of the coin and why everyone did what they did.
user1: Yes, and I think we are left with sympathy for Zuckerberg when he is shown trying to add Albright as a friend of facebook
user2: Yes, he was seen more as a person you could relate to as opposed to some guy on a pedestal.
user1: Yes, I think that it makes him appear more human

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: hi. do you know the name of the movie?
user1: Have you seen the movie The Social Network yet?
user2: i have.
user2: but can you refresh my memory on some of it. 
user1: It was an awesome movie 
user2: what was your favorite part?
user1: When his girlfriend dumped him and FB was invented
user1: I love Jesse Elsenberg movies, He plays Mark in the movie
user2: do you think the movie closely follows zuckerberg's life?
user1: I do beleive it does, since its based on his BIO
user2: what was your least favorite part of the movie?
user1: I really started to lose interest when FB bacame so big and started having legal problems
user1: The critics made out to beleive that it actually true
user2: that's understandable
user2: were there any loose ends in the movie?
user1: whats your favorite part
user2: i haven't seen it in a while so i don't have any particular moments in mind
user1: not to me there wasn't..
user1: it did have really good ratings though
user2: do you rely on ratings before you see movies? 
user1: no, I have to watch the trailer first 
user2: yea, i hear ya. i like to check those out, too.
user1: David Fincher is the one that directed the movie and hes a good director in my eyes
user2: what other movies has he directed?
user1: fight club and seven are a few
user2: ahh, yea. those are among my favorites.
user1: Panic room is another
user1: I really beleive he did a good job with this movie, He could have been more detailed though
user2: who else was in the social network other than eisenberg? 
user1: Justin Timberlake played Sean
user1: Andrew Garfield also played in it
user1: It was really impressive that a 19 year old created something a big as facebook 
user1: especially out of his dorm room what a smart kid

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: Hello
user1: have you seen any movies lately
user2: Yes a couple of movies, mostly bio films and some action movies
user2: what about you?
user1: no i am looking for something good to watch . i like bio films - any good ones lately?

conversation:
user2: Hey! Seen any new movies lately?
user1: The Social Network came out in 2010 and was directed by David Fincher. It was adapted from a book called The Accidental Billionaires. It stars Jesse Eisenberg and Andrew Garfield. It's about the founding of Facebook. Have you seen it?
user2: I haven't seen it, but I heard it was good.
user1: Justin Timberlake was in it. So was the actor Armie Hammer. 
user2: That's kind of strange to see Justin Timberlake in movies, seeing that he's a singer. Was he any good?
user1: He plays a character named Sean Parker who was kind of a jerk in the movie. You should see the film, it got great reviews. Critical response was very good.
user2: I think I am definitely interested in watching it. Do you know it's rating or age restriction?
user1: Unfortunately I do not know the rating/age restriction.
user2: That's fine. 
user2: Would you say it's a serious or lighthearted movie? What genre would you classify it as?
user1: It's in the biographical/drama genre. Do you like dramatic movies in general?
user2: Just occasionally, because it can be pretty boring sometimes in my opinion. But I heard that this movie is not boring at all. Do you agree?
user1: There are some interesting scenes in the movie. For example, Mark Zuckerberg is a student at Harvard and gets dumped by his girlfriend. He gets upset and then creates a website called Facemash by hacking into the "facebooks" of the various groups on campus and allows users of the site to rate which women are more attractive. This causes a lot of problems naturally and Zuckerberg gets academic probation, but the idea for Facebook springs out of that scene and sets the rest of the movie in motion.
user2: Yeah that definitely sounds like a very interesting movie.
user2: I will definitely see it as soon as possible
user1: There was a little bit of controversy around the movie. The screenplay was based off of a book and some people believe that the author wasn't exactly truthful about everything. 
user2: That's crazy, but I believe it. I've heard about some craziness with the origin of facebook and stolen ideas, etc.
user2: Do you think the movie was an accurate portrayel or do you think it was not truthful?
user1: It's hard to say. Some critics said the author/screenplay writer took liberties with the biographical information but I don't know for sure, as I have not read the book. I would not be surprised if some details were changed for entertainment purposes.
user2: I might decide to read the book first so I can make that judgement for myself.
user1: Did you know that Facebook used to be called TheFacebook? Justin Timberlake's character Sean Parker (who was also the co-founder of Napster) told Zuckerberg to drop "the" and change it to just Facebook.
user2: I think I've heard that. Facebook definitely has a better ring to it than "The Facebook".
user2: Do you know any other interesting facts about this movie?
user1: The actor Armie Hammer actually plays two characters in the movie, which are twins. He played both roles. 
user2: Oh wow, that's crazy. I thought it was real twins playing that from what I saw in a trailer.
user1: Facebook also used to be limited to just a few Ivy League colleges. Funny now that it's open to everyone.
user2: Well, I don't use Facebook that much anymore, but it's a good thing it became open to everyone or it would have never been the success it is today and there would be no movie about it. haha
user1: There was a big lawsuit surrounding the creation of Facebook. The movie gets into it a bit. The twins claim that Zuckerberg stole their idea and so there's an aspect of the film that touches on all of the legal drama. 
user2: Right. That makes sense. So, it kind of just explains the whole madness of facebook from the very beginning
user2: I have decided that I'm going to watch it this weekend.
user1: Cool. I don't think you will regret it. The movie got a 96% score on Rotten Tomatoes. Do you pay attention to sites like that at all when you decide to watch a movie?
user2: I actually don't. I tend to watch movies even with bad reviews or scores on rotten tomatoes, because I like to make up my own mind and sometimes people are too critical on movies.
user2: Do you agree with the high score it got>
user1: I think so. I enjoyed the movie quite a lot and have seen it maybe three or four times. I am big fan of the director in general.
user1: Thanks for the convo, have a great day.

conversation:
user2: heelo
user2: hi!
user1: Hello
user1: Have you seen the Social Network?
user2: Yes I have! Brilliant film.
user1: Did you feel it was a good representation of how facebook began?
user2: are you planning on watching?
user1: I have seen it several years ago and have a vague recollection of it.
user2: I don't know to be fair. Some people say that the directors took some creative liberties in the biographical dimension of the film.
user1: I agree and did not realize that Mark Zuckerberg was not involved in this project. 
user1: Do you generally watch movies with high ratings on Rotten Tomatoes from the public, or do you listen more to what the critics say?
user2: I'm more keen on Metacritic. in any case it had stellar reviews in both
user1: Have you read the book, The Accidental Billionaires: The Founding of Facebook, that The Social Network on which The Social Network was based?
user2: No I haven't'. I can't say that this is a topic that interests me much.
user1: I agree. So, is this not the normal genre of movies that interests you?
user2: I'm more fond of action movies. But this picture also has some interesting scenes.
user1: Do you agree with the rating of the movie?
user2: 96% on rotten tomatoes and 95/100 on metacritic seem a bit high
user1: What would you give it?
user2: I would rate it in the 80's range
user1: I would agree with that. It was definitely a good portrayal of the story, but nothing exceptional.
user2: there are however some good individual performances
user2: what did you think of Jesse Eisenberg as Zuckerberg?
user1: I thought he did a pretty decent job. That's why I thought Mark Zuckerberg must've been involved in the project in order to see things from his viewpoint.
user2: You think he risks being typecasted? can only play "zuckerberg" types in the future?
user1: Not at all. I just think it is his most widely know film. He's had other productions, but nothing as well-received as this one.
user2: you think Zuckerberg's reputation is enhanced or belittled by the film?
user1: I can't remember all of the details of this movie, but I think people learned the truth about how facebook really began, and I'm not sure it does much to enhance his reputation.
user1: Do you know how we move to the next part of this survey, since we have completed the chat portion?
user2: In one of the final scenes Zuck's lawyers advise him to make an agreement with Saverin because the jury wasn't sympathetic to him. You got the same feeling?
user2: it's done

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: Hello how are you 
user1: good
user1: let's talk about The Social Network
user2: oh good I have been wanting to see that, who does it have in it 
user1: 2010 Biopic by David Fincher
user1: Jesse Eisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg
user1: Andrew Garfield as Eduardo Saverin
user1: Justin Timberlake as Sean Parker
user1: Armie Hammer as Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss
user1: Max Minghella as Divya Narendra
user2: oh yes about the way FB came about
user1: yeah
user1: The Social Network is a 2010 American biographical drama film directed by David Fincher andwritten by Aaron Sorkin. Adapted from Ben Mezrich's 2009 book The Accidental Billionaires: TheFounding of Facebook, A Tale of Sex, Money, Genius and Betrayal, the film portrays the foundingof social networking website Facebook and the resulting lawsuits.
user2: I couldn't belivie it all started from a Harvard doom room 
user1: Pretty crazy
user2: I Know, talk about nerds....
user1: Even though it's a known story, the way it unfolds in the movie is very engaging
user2: If it wasn't for his girlfriend dumping him I don't think it would have even began
user1: Yeah, there's that it in the movie
user1: "David Fincher's film has the rare quality of being not only as smart as its brilliant hero, butin the same way. It is cocksure, impatient, cold, exciting and instinctively perceptive."
user2: yes I'm so excited to see it....I love watching Mark W anyway, hes a very good actor
user1: "The Social Network is the movie of the year. But Fincher and Sorkin triumph by taking further. Lacing their scathing wit with an aching sadness, they define the dark irony of thepast decade."
user2: i meant Justin Timeberlake
user1: so good
user1: here's a key scene
user1: In October 2003, 19-year-old Harvard University student Mark Zuckerberg is dumped by hisgirlfriend Erica Albright. Returning to his dorm, Zuckerberg writes an insulting entry aboutAlbright on his LiveJournal blog and then creates a campus website called Facemash byhacking into college databases to steal photos of female students, then allowing site visitorsto rate their attractiveness. After traffic to the site crashes parts of Harvard's computernetwork, Zuckerberg is given six months of academic probation. However, Facemash'spopularity attracts the attention of Harvard upperclassmen and twins Cameron and TylerWinklevoss and their business partner Divya Narendra. The trio invites Zuckerberg to workon Harvard Connection, a social network featuring the exclusive nature of Harvard studentsand aimed at dating.
user2: oh wow, it sounds really good....do you know who produced the movie
user1: columbia picturers
user2: oh! they produce good movies
user1: yeah
user1: 1. Rotten Tomatoes: 96% and average: 9/102. Metacritic Score: 95/1003. CinemaScore: B+
user2: It has really good reviews huh? thats really a plus
user1: Yeah it's great
user1: "The biographical part takes liberties with its subject. Aaron Sorkin based his screenplayon a contentious book, Ben Mezrich's The Accidental Billionaires, so everything that's seenisn't necessarily to be believed."
user2: I think it's going to be a really good movie, at least its based on actual facts and not fiction
user1: yeah it's great
user1: Throughout the film, the narrative is intercut with scenes from depositions taken in theWinklevoss twins' and Saverin's respective lawsuits against Zuckerberg and Facebook. TheWinklevoss twins claim that Zuckerberg stole their idea, while Saverin claims his shares ofFacebook were unfairly diluted when the company was incorporated. At the end, MarylinDelpy, a junior lawyer for the defense, informs Zuckerberg that they will settle with Saverin,since the sordid details of Facebook's founding and Zuckerberg's own callous attitude willmake him highly unsympathetic to a jury. After everyone leaves, Zuckerberg is shownsending a friend request to Albright on Facebook and then refreshing the webpage everyfew seconds as he waits for her response. the world in Superman's absence. After theyleave, the dirt atop Clark's coffin levitates.
user2: oh really, I was under the impression that it was a bio
user1: Yeah those weird twins get some time
user1: the score is great too
user2: Thats what I have heard but, never followed up on the info
user1: it's done by Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails
user2: I'm really gonna check it out for sure

conversation:
user2: I have never seen The Social Network is it any good?
user1: Well do you like movies about the rise of powerful peope?
user1: People I mean
user2: Yes I do as long as the movie is good and isnt boring
user2: Isnt this movie about Facebook it seems like it might be a little slow
user1: It's about the founding of facebook, so I think it would be fast paced.
user2: It has a lot of good actors in it so I think I might enjoy it Ill have to give it a try
user2: Do you know if this movie is on Netflix?
user1: I see they have Jesse Eisenberg
user1: Don't know.  I love the director, too.
user2: What other movies has he directed besides the social network?
user1: I don't remember off hand, but it was good.
user2: I see this movie is a biographical drama do you enjoy these types of films?
user1: Oh I love biographical dramas
user2: Can you suggest any other biographical dramas that might be interesting that are similar to this movie?
user1: So do you care how critics rate a movie?
user2: No I dont really care about the ratings on a movie because I have seen a lot of really good movies that had negative ratings and I very much enjoyed them
user1: I wonder when they knew facebook was going to be huge 
user2: Yeah I wonder that too. I see this movie was adopted from a book have you read the book?
user1: Only heard of the book right now to be honest
user2: Would you rather read the book before watching this movie or vice versa?
user1: I like to watch movies, skip the book
user2: Have you seen this particular movie? If so is it worth watching?
user1: The more I read, the more I want to see it.
user1: Depositions, so it is kind of a courtroom thriller
user2: It sounds interesting to me as well. Its kind of funny to see that Facebook was actually originally called face mash and was actually used as a dating website for Harvard students
user2: Im sure it will be an interesting film to see how Facebook has evolved over the years and the tribulations that Mark Zuckerberg had to go through to get to where he is today
user1: The fact that you get to see how it came together and how the friends fell apart would be compelling.
user2: Definitely, sounds very interesting. Although it is quite sad to think that money and power changed their relationship
user1: I think having friends who just wanted a dating site and then having the thing explode would be crazy.

conversation:
user2: Hey! did you enjoy watching th social network?
user2: I liked jesse eisenberg as mark 
user1: I found the back story about Facebook very interesting. I'd like to read the book as I've heard it said that they took liberties with the biographical information in the film.
user2: I did not know their was a book. I just have here that it was based on a true story 
user2: thats interesting i will have to read that 
user2: what was your favorite part
user1: It was based on The Accidental Billionaires by Aaron Sorkin. However, none of the Facebook staff was actually involved with the movie. Hard to tell whether that means its really true and impartial or all fiction.
user1: But then I suppose the lawsuit information would all be public information.
user2: that is true their could have been a lot of exaggeration. 
user2: i was surprised it was only a B+cinemascore
user1: Sometimes real life does not fit itself into a nice neat story package for film interpretation! Rotten Tomatoes scored it 9/10 though. I think it might be that the audience is smarter than critics give them credit for.
user2: the critics seem to love david fincher the director and praise how he takes the story to another level
user1: A good director can make a lot of difference in the quality of a film. Aaron Sorkin is an excellent script writer so I'm sure a good script helped, too.
user1: It may be a bit difficult to talk at length about five lines of text, most of which is quotes from critics. LOL.
user2: its interesting how this all started because mark was dumped by his firlfriend
user2: girlfriend
user1: I find it really funny. I'm sure his girlfriend - and the other girls rated on Facemash - found it less amusing.
user2: yea and the fact that their lives are now in a film to be consumed by the public
user2: it also it that the idea of facebook was based on a dating site
user1: It's one thing to sign up to the Harvard dating service, something quite different to have someone upload your photo for rating. 
user1: Dating sites are crazy popular though.
user1: It may seem minor - but I am glad they dropped the "The" from Facebook. It makes me think of the detective on Major Crimes- the old guy - who always says "Look on the Twitter thing" 
user2: yea im glad the was dropped it does not have the same ring to it
user2: i feel like parker was there to capitalize and saw dollar signs from a mile away
user1: That seems like a - for lack of a better word - a heritage thing. Like only older people want to put "the" in front of website names, book titles and such like. (I'm 58) Seems like we are dropping that custom now. 
user1: Well, I'm glad he did. For all it's flaws Facebook is a useful site for making friends and staying in contact with old friends and family. With the tendency now to drift apart all over the country it's nice to be able to check in, find people, see how your friends are doing, et.
user1: etc
user2: that is true, without his push facebook would not have been marketed like it was 
user2: even though the twins seemed like entitled boys it was their idea first and I do feel for them to sum extent 
user1: They all seem a bit like entitled assholes to me. Bunch of Ivy League snobs bringing their soap opera to the courts. But that doesn't mean that investors are not entitled to profit.
user1: Just because they are not very likable.
user2: yes but mark didn't even acknowledge their contribution and didnt give them a chance to invest
user2: mark came off as a awkward boy who saw an opportunity and pushed everyone out the way
user1: He really comes off as selfish and self centered from the start.
user2: yes and didn't care for the people he was with from the beginning
user2: okay it was nice talking to you!

conversation:
user2: hi, how are you today?
user1: Good. How are you?
user1: Are you there?

conversation:
user2: Hello, how are you?  So looks like we are talking about The Social Network today.
user1: hello, im good
user1: ok
user2: Did you know it got an average rating of 9/10
user1: Thats high, it was an interesting movie
user2: Yes i loved watching it, I saw it in theaters when it was released.   I think that Jesse Eisenberg did a great job staring a Mark Zuckerberg.
user1: Yes, he played the role well.  
user2: Did you know that the movie was adapted from a book?
user1: no, I did not.  Sounds like it would be a good one.  I heard that the real Mark was unhappy with the movie and said it didnt happen like that at all
user2: Yes i heard the exact same thing.  But you know how movies are they usually change the way events happen to suit them better.
user1: that's true
user2: I cant believe all he got was 6 months of academic probation from crashing the servers at harvard!  I would say in todays terms that would probably put you in jail, let alone suspend you from school.
user1: yes, maybe they saw the potential and decided go easy on him
user2: yes maybe, I cant believe how successful his website was at first look.  Its amazing how horrible network traffic was back in 2003...
user2: I think that the original name for facebook was funny.  Facemash!  What a crazy name
user1: even facebook was a dumb name, but it worked!
user2: Its funny that Facemash was only female pictures stolen from the Harvard servers.  I still cant believe Mark didnt goto jail for that...  I agree that facebook is a dumb name as well...
user2: It was amazing that they were able to spread their website to other universities.  Yale especially.  
user2: Do you think that moving to Palo Alto was a good idea for the Facebook team?
user1: yes, I cant believe his own friend turned on him
user2: I think that living together and working together is not a good idea as they soon found out.
user1: yes
user1: do you think the twins were right to sue mark?
user2: I still think it was very deceptive how Mark shut out the twins from his facebook project...  He really robbed them blindly.
user1: but he paid for it, no one really knew how successful it would be
user2: yes as there was never anything as successful as Facebook, and there never probably will be.
user1: very true
user2: I think that mark was in a stalking mood when he sent Albright a friend request on facebook...
user1: yes, and when he created the "poke"
user2: Yes i always thought that the poke was a stupid joke...
user2: I think we are done here.  Hope you have a great day. 
user1: bye

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hi. How are you?
user1: Good, you?
user2: Great, too.
user2: Lets talk about movies.
user1: Sure
user2: -.-

conversation:
user1: Hi have you ever seen the movie, "The Social Network"?
user2: I have seen "The Social Network" multiple times? How about You?
user1: I have it seen only once 
user1: What did you think about the story?
user2: The life of Mark Zuckerberg played by Jesse Elsenberg is really interesting and shocking at the same time. Do you think Jesse Elsenberg did a good job on this film?
user1: Yes, I believe Jesse Eisenberg did a great job portraying Mark Zuckerberg
user1: I think the film deserves its 96% rating of Rotten Tomatoes
user2: Yes I believe the film was entertaining and well made. I always enjoy films based on real people or real events.
user2: What did you think about the lawsuits that Mark Zuckerburg went through?
user1: I thought it was very interesting to see the legal battles that are created that startups deal with 
user1: Small details that seem trivial can be just enough to tip the odds in your favor to win a lawsuit
user2: do you think it was righteous the outcome?
user2: This is a story of how someone that does something wrong, ends up the hero and filthy successful, is that right do you think?
user1: Yes, the film deals with themes of morality, but unfortunately business, money and the legal system doesn't care about right and wrong. I don't think it is right in terms of my moral compass but I'm certain this happens all the time in big business and start ups 
user2: Do you think his girlfriend dumping him was a factor in how Mark later acted?
user1: Yes, emotion definitely played a factor in Mark's decision making 
user1: What do you think of Eduardo Saverin?
user2: he was at the right place at the right time, that is for sure.
user2: How did mark choose the schools to use "TheFacebook" at, was it just the big schools?
user1: Yes, Mark chose to expand Facebook to Ivy League universities 
user1: Do you think Mark should've been punished longer for creating Facemash? It certainly lower self esteem of the females rated
user2: Like you mentioned before this idea was so big and became popular it was irrelevant. 
user2: Do you think Sean Parker was a big influence, do you think facebook would be what it is without him?
user1: I think Sean Parker had a significant role. His business knowledge and ideas would not have gotten Facebook off of its feet
user1: Do you think David Fincer directed the movie well?
user2: David Fincer is an amazing story teller, I do not know if it could have been done any better, do you?
user1: I am not familiar with his other work but he did a great job, which is validated by the reception the film has received
user1: I do think that films that use the angle of "Based on a true story" do exaggerate certain details to make the narrative more interesting
user2: do you think then that the Winklevoss twins were telling the truth, or wanted some of the action?
user1: I don't think they were telling the truth. After money was involved, they definitely wanted a piece of the action
user2: do you think Mark should have settled with Saverin?

conversation:
user2: hii
user1: howdy! have you seen the social network?
user2: no, I do not remember seeing it, who is the cast
user1: It is : Jesse Eisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg Andrew Garfield as Eduardo Saverin Justin Timberlake as Sean Parker Armie Hammer as Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss Max Minghella as Divya Narendra
user2: no, I've seen it, although the cast is heard to be interestingseen
user1: It is about facebook and how it started, the film aired in 2010
user2: Oh, great, and what critics think about this movie
user2: ?
user1: Rotten tomatoes gave it 96% and 9/10 metacritic 95/100 and a b+ by cinema score
user2: Hey, it sounds really cool then ... and the director who is it? must be someone very recognized in their work
user1: David Fincher although i do not know what else he as done
user1: here is a little backstory: In October 2003, 19-year-old Harvard University student Mark Zuckerberg is dumped by hisgirlfriend Erica Albright. Returning to his dorm, Zuckerberg writes an insulting entry aboutAlbright on his LiveJournal blog and then creates a campus website called Facemash byhacking into college databases to steal photos of female students, then allowing site visitorsto rate their attractiveness. After traffic to the site crashes parts of Harvard's computernetwork, Zuckerberg is given six months of academic probation. However, Facemash'spopularity attracts the attention of Harvard upperclassmen and twins Cameron and TylerWinklevoss and their business partner Divya Narendra. The trio invites Zuckerberg to workon Harvard Connection, a social network featuring the exclusive nature of Harvard studentsand aimed at dating.
user2: ok, yes, if I know his work, he's a good director
user1: what else does he do?
user1: Or known for?
user2: the curious case of benjamin button for example, I think that world war z
user2: what else could you talk about social network .... to see if you convince me to see it jejeje
user1: ahah well do you use facebook?
user1: In October 2003, 19-year-old Harvard University student Mark Zuckerberg is dumped by hisgirlfriend Erica Albright. Returning to his dorm, Zuckerberg writes an insulting entry aboutAlbright on his LiveJournal blog and then creates a campus website called Facemash byhacking into college databases to steal photos of female students, then allowing site visitorsto rate their attractiveness. After traffic to the site crashes parts of Harvard's computernetwork, Zuckerberg is given six months of academic probation. However, Facemash'spopularity attracts the attention of Harvard upperclassmen and twins Cameron and TylerWinklevoss and their business partner Divya Narendra. The trio invites Zuckerberg to workon Harvard Connection, a social network featuring the exclusive nature of Harvard studentsand aimed at dating.
user2: yes if I use hehe
user1: well facebook was essentially a stolen idea, which mark had to pay millions of dollars in settlements
user1: its very interesting
user2: I did not know that the creators studied at Harvard
user1: yes mark de dropped out actually
user2: then stealing is good ??? jejejej that is not moral
user1: haha correct
user1: Saverin and Zuckerberg meet fellow student Christy Lee, who asks them to "Facebook me",a phrase which impresses both of them. As Thefacebook grows in popularity, Zuckerbergextends the network to Yale University, Columbia University and Stanford University. Leearranges for Saverin and Zuckerberg to meet Napster co-founder Sean Parker, whopresents a "billion dollar" vision for the company that impresses Zuckerberg. He alsosuggests dropping "The" from Thefacebook, just calling it Facebook. At Parker'ssuggestion, the company moves to Palo Alto, with Saverin remaining in New York to workon business development. After Parker promises to expand Facebook to two continents,Zuckerberg invites him to live at the house he is using as company headquarters.
user1: Throughout the film, the narrative is intercut with scenes from depositions taken in theWinklevoss twins' and Saverin's respective lawsuits against Zuckerberg and Facebook. TheWinklevoss twins claim that Zuckerberg stole their idea, while Saverin claims his shares ofFacebook were unfairly diluted when the company was incorporated. At the end, MarylinDelpy, a junior lawyer for the defense, informs Zuckerberg that they will settle with Saverin,since the sordid details of Facebook's founding and Zuckerberg's own callous attitude willmake him highly unsympathetic to a jury. After everyone leaves, Zuckerberg is shownsending a friend request to Albright on Facebook and then refreshing the webpage everyfew seconds as he waits for her response. the world in Superman's absence. After theyleave, the dirt atop Clark's coffin levitates.
user2: I mean, first it was a social network for the university ?? how crazy and interesting
user1: i know i know
user2: That's great, it was a basic idea, but apparently they got more and better ideas, that Mark is all a crazy jejej
user1: yea its a very fasinating story
user1: especially to see where it is know
user1: and where it was like 10 years ago ha
user2: yes, to know that it has already happened so much even though it seems little, and as something so small it became a global BOOM
user1: i know i know ha
user1: well bye bye

conversation:
user2: Hii
user2: There?
user1: HI GOOD DAY, i just finished watching the the social network

conversation:
user1: Hello, I really enjoyed this movie, what did you think?
user2: I really liked it. It was interesting to see how Facebook was first founded. 
user1: It was, do you usually like biographical movies like this one?
user2: Yes, I tend to like biographical movies, they usually provide a fascinating look into the life of the subject in the movie.
user1: I agree, I was very surprised to learn the Winklevoss twins were played by a single actor.
user2: Thats what caught my eye too! I honestly thought they were just a set of twins playing the characters, I wouldnt have ever guessed that they were played by just one individual.
user1: He was very convincing as two different people! I was also surprised to learn so many lawsuits were involved in the creation of Facebook.
user2: Yeah the actor did a great job as the twins. I didnt realize either before I saw the film how many lawsuits were brought against Zuckerberg after he founded the site.
user1: I also enjoyed Jesse Eisenberg's performance, he played Zuckerberg how I had always imagined him
user2: I love Jesse Eisenberg as an actor, so it was great to see him in a starring role. I hadnt ever really thought much about Zuckerberg before I saw the movie, but I feel like Eisenberg played him perfectly - a really smart guy, but somewhat cold to most of the other people in his life and cocky about his success.
user1: That's how I had thought of him, smart and arrogant but kind of reclusive. I was also unaware and surprised to learn about the whole Facesmash website that happened before the idea for Facebook came around. It's interesting to see how Facesmash evolved into Facebook,
user2: Yes, I thought it was really cool to see how Facebook had evolved from the original idea of Facesmash. Kind of makes you think - the whole idea of Facebook came about just because Zuckerberg had made a site to let students rate the attractiveness of their female classmates.
user1: It was amazing how it crashed parts of Harvard's network and then he got academic probation for it. And how that all helped lead to Zuckerberg actually meeting the Winklevoss twins and that all lead to the creation of Facebook. It's interesting to see how things like that get started.
user2: I agree, I loved getting what felt like an inside look at the various people involved in the making of Facebook, and seeing how Zuckerberg first met the Winklevoss twins and their partner Narendra by chance mostly, because his Facemash site had caught their attention. It made me wonder if he had never met them, if the Facebook we know today would have ever come about. 
user1: Yea, it definitely makes you think about that, I wonder if MySpace would still be big if Facebook hadn't been invented. I also didn't know that so many people were involved, especially since Zuckerberg was always the face of Facebook, I kind of always thought it was all him.
user2: Oh definitely, I feel like the advent of Facebook pretty much spelled the end for MySpace. If Facebook hadnt come about, MySpace would probably have remained a lot more popular. And I agree, I had always been given the impression that Zuckerberg came up with the idea of Facebook all on his own and started it all by himself, so it was neat to see that there had been multiple other people involved in its conception.
user1: I was really surprised to see the founder of Napster was involved, too. 
user2: Absolutely, I didnt have any idea the two companies had a founder in common. I really liked seeing how Facebook was originally intended just for Harvard students, before it started expanding to include other schools. I remember when it was only available for college students.
user1: I remember that, too! You needed a University email to sign up on Facebook, now everyone is on it. I don't remember is being called, "TheFacebook" though. I think dropping the "the" was a good idea from Sean Parker
user2: Oh yes, it started allowing anyone at all to join my junior year of high school, and everyone was so excited to get a chance to sign up! I agree that dropping the the from Thefacebook at Parkers suggestion was a good idea, it made the name seem snappier and more memorable.
user1: Oh you're a little younger than me, I was old enough to sign up while it was exclusive to college students my Freshman year. But it was open to everyone soon after that. I do have to say, I wasn't surprised to see the company move to Palo Alto after a while, they joined a lot of other big technology companies out there.
user2: Ah, that sounds like it would have been really cool to get to use Facebook when it still only allowed people with university emails to sign up - bet it felt pretty cool and exclusive (which it seems like was the whole point, at that time anyway!). I wasnt surprised to hear the company had moved to Palo Alto either once it started becoming more popular. Palo Alto is sort of the gathering place for most large tech companies.
user1: I felt kind of bad for Zuckerberg when he kept getting sued at the end.
user2: I sort of did too, but then I remembered how much of a jerk hed been to his supposed friend, Saverin, and how even now he tries to make it seem like Facebook was started solely by him with no help or outside influence. So then I tend to agree with his defense lawyer - that hes seen as callous and uncaring, which makes him pretty a unsympathetic character. He didnt even really seem bothered by the whole awful lawsuit with his friend.
user1: That's very true, he did really screw his friend over for a little bit of money. I found it a little funny how he kept refreshing the page after he friend requested his Ex girlfriend. 
user2: It just seemed so cold to do that to someone who was his friend and had been there with him from the very beginnng of Facebook. And yes, I thought it was petty funny how he just kept refreshing his ex girlfriends page, waiting for her to accept his friend request. Kind of showed me that he was still bothee
user2: *bothered, even years later, by her rejection of him.
user1: Yea, it was like it came full circle for him. It looks like there is an error since the last sentence says something about Superman and Clark's coffin.
user2: Hah yes I saw that bit about Superman, kind of threw me for a loop for a second, but I assume its just an error. And yes, I liked how the movie came full circle, like you said.

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hey how are you?
user2: Good thanks. You?
user1: I'm doing well. Thanks for asking. Have you seen The Social Network?
user2: I have not. you?
user1: I saw it when it came out. Although, to be quite honest, I don't really remember much about it.
user2: Oh no worries
user2: It looks like it'd be a pretty good film! High ratings!
user2: Especially on Rotten Tomatoes
user1: Yeah, I remember it being okay. The actor Jesse Eisenberg is really good at his job hehe.
user2: haha yeah? I've seen him in other films and liked him. I've heard good things about this one too. 
user2: Do you have the document as well? It's interesting to read it's based off a book. I had no idea. 
user1: Yeah, it did get really good reviews huh? I know it's about the founder of Facebook and the things he did to get there. Good and bad
user2: Ah I gotcha
user2: Yeah I don' tknow much about zuckerberg
user1: Yeah, I have the document here as well.
user2: oh ok cool
user1: Isn't he on Shark Tank sometimes now?
user2: ya know I'm not sure but you've got me interested to find out haha
user2: This sounds really interesting
user2: "facemash" haha what a website
user2: so facebook started as a website for harvard students to date
user1: LOL nice one. Yeah, his entire career is based on doing something illegal, by hacking into his school campus. How crazy is that?
user2: seriously!
user1: Yeah, I remember when Facebook first started you had to be a college student and you had to be invited. Kinda like Google.
user2: oh weird!
user2: I signed up late haha 
user2: I didn't know that
user2: "thefacebook" haha  i can't believe it was called that but thats fun
user1: I signed up later on, but I remember my buddy had it and I was just like "what's the big deal?"
user2: haha yeah i don't get the hype
user2: that's funny though
user1: Yeah, someone didn't think the name through at first evidently.
user1: This guy went through so much legal trouble. It was just insane.
user2: I see that! 
user2: Part of it having to do with that sordid founding aftera ll
user2: i wonder if he is really "callous" in real life
user1: What does The Death of Superman have to do with this??
user2: oh I have no idea why do you ask
user1: Read the last two sentences
user2: oh yeah I read them but I figured I missed something 
user2: looks like a partial sentence pasted in haha
user2: good catch
user1: I think the person who wrote this messed up and got the two movies confused lol.
user2: haha oh noes
user2: oh well
user1: They both have Jesse Eisenberg though
user2: It still makes the movie sound good
user2: oh that they do!
user2: I kinda wanna watch social network now
user1: Yeah, I wouldn't mind watching it again. Maybe I'll put it in the background while I work tonight.
user2: neat! I hope you enjoy it
user1: Only if it's on Netflix lol. I'm not gonna pay for it.
user2: oh yeah for sure l haha
user1: Since I have seen it already, I wouldn't pay for it at least.
user2: i gotcha

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: hello
user1: i have no document do you?
user2: the movie I have a document for is social network 
user2: have you seen it?
user1: is that the facebook movie?
user1: i can't recall
user2: yes, the biographic drama about the creation of facebook
user2: it is a great movie
user1: i think i did see that movie then
user1: i recall it was interesting 
user1: for a documentary kind of movie
user1: sort of documentary like
user2: yeah critics agree too with a 96% on rotten tomatoes
user1: not bad of a score
user2: pretty darn good, I would even suggest watching it again
user1: there was an actor that played mark zukenberg or however u spell is name
user2: it has been a while since it has been out
user1: its been a long time since i seen it
user1: maybe like 2013
user2: yes his name is jesse eisenberg
user2: did really well in the movie
user1: i thought so too
user1: i'm not sure if i seen him in other movies
user1: i want to watch it again.
user2: pretty good cast too besides him
user2: andrew garfield
user2: justin timberlake
user1: the singer dude was in it too... the one that was just on super bowl lol
user1: yes justin him LOL
user2: yup! lol
user1: i am no good at names! LOL
user2: same here haha
user1: i totally suck when it comes to that
user1: we are done tho so you have a great day! 

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: You should watch 'The Social Network because it was given high scores by many different movie rating systems. It also deals with social networks, which are very prevalent in today's society

conversation:
user2: hello pal
user1: hello
user2: What's up
user1: Appears I have the document today
user2: you wanted to tell me about a movie last time out
user1: Did you ever see the Social network?
user2: let's roll then
user1: Awesome
user2: Hmm kinda you know
user1: I seen this movie once a while ago, but it's been a few years
user2: i never saw it from beginning to the end though
user2: so what is it with this movie
user1: It was a pretty good movie I thought. 
user1: It's about facebook, which you would "THINK" would be boring
user2: I know it is a movie about this facebook guy
user1: it ends up being very interesting. 
user1: yeah, Mark zuckerberg.  He was played by Jesse Eisenberg. I like him as an actor.
user2: you seem to know me too well, i would say it would be a boring movie from the title alone
user1: I"m not sure I seen that actor in other movies tho.
user2: so what ratings does the movie have from those "raters"
user1: The rating scores are also pertty good on this movie, 9/10 for rotten tomatoes,  95 for metacritic and a B+ for Cinema Score
user2: oh my God it is definitely a movie to see
user2: see the beautiful ratings
user1: Out of all of those rotten tomatoes is usually brutal with scoring- and they went well on this movie 
user2: what genre does is fall ?
user1: It's considered a biographic and a drama
user1: as old as facebook is now, this movie could probably even be good with a sequel lol
user2: yeah you are right, rotten tomatoes can make your hair rotten with their rating
user1: exactly!  they are very picky on that system 
user1: I feel like watching this movie again, what about you?
user2: oh, I do love biography movies most especially the epic ones connected with those ancient wars and myths sometimes
user2: I was loving it while I was scanning through it back then
user2: but I might as well go see it now
user1: I would def rewatch it! 
user1: you have  a good day! 
user2: so what happened with mark from your plot over there?

conversation:
user2: hi.
user1: Hi 
user1: What movie did you see
user2: The Social Network. Have you ever seen it before?
user1: I think so
user1: How did you like it
user2: It Stars Jesse Eisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg who started facebook.
user2: I loved it 
user2: It came out in 2010
user1: Yes I saw too, and I like it
user1: What did you like about it
user2: it also had Justin Timberlake as Sean Parker 
user2: I like computers and building websites and that movies really got me more interested in it 
user2: I was Directed by David Fincher, but Im not sure if I have seen anything else directed by him
user2: what did you like about the movie
user2: It was movie of the year when it came out to

conversation:
user1: HI! can you tell me about the movie?
user2: Have you seen the social network?
user1: i have not, what is it about?
user2: It is about the founding of facebook and the people involved.
user1: is it a documentary?
user2: No ,it is a drama based on fact.
user1: is it long and boring?
user2: No , it is actually very interesting and you can follow the same people in real life today
user1: who are the actors in it?
user2: good question....justin timberlake, jesse eisenberg and some others you probably have never heard of
user1: isn't justin timberlake a singer? is he good in this?
user2: yes, does a good job. Eisenberg plays zuckerberg  in the movie and talks about when he started facebook after a break up with a girlfriend.
user1: what makes it a drama, that seems kind of boring 
user2: it tells the tale of when zuckerberg goes to work for the new platform facesmash at harvard and then goes to work for the company he eventually steals and turns into facebook. 
user1: okay how long is it
user2: The ususal length, it got 9./10 on rotten tomatoes 
user1: what movie is similar to it?
user1: what is a comparable movie?
user2: probably a business movie, it talks about facebook expansion to different universities and introduces the winklevoss twins and the person with the money saverin , who later takes them to court. Timberlake plays sean parker the venture capatalist and introduces the name facebook
user1: who are the winklevoss twins? are they real, the name sounds made up
user2: Yes, they are real, they actually started facebook and zuckeberg stole the idea from them, it was called the harvard connection 
user1: oh i didn't know that
user1: did you like the film
user2: yes, good film , it shows the lack of integrity in business and greed and how zuck, parker basically stole the idea and business from saverin and winklevoss...court cases ettc.
user1: would someone who is not interested in legal dramas enjoy it
user2: Yes, it is intriguing , especially the popularity of facebook, It also exposes the human weakness of greed and fame
user1: what is your best thing about the film you like
user2: I  like the way the movie goes from the court depositions into the story line and explains all the legal and ethical problems. The acting was great alson
user1: who is your favorite actor in it 
user1: or actress
user2: I think timberlake was the best in his role of sean parker, Silicon valley venture capitalist 
user1: okay thanks!
user2: thanks enjoyed the chat...!!

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hi! Have you seen The Social Network?
user2: Yes amazing movie ,did you ?
user1: Yes, I was pleasantly surprised by it! I was not expecting it to be as good as it was.
user1: I did not realize it had a score of 96% on Rotten Tomatoes. But it makes sense now!
user2: It is a 2010 best movie for me,and David Fincher masterpiece 
user1: Nice!!
user1: It really was such an interesting story of how Facebook was founded.
user2: Jesse Einsenber did Zuckerberg totally 
user2: this is unique story ,history was writen
user1: Yes, I completely agree! 
user1: It really was. Those kids finding facebook changed their lives... and everyones lives forever.
user2: the story include everything sex,money,genius,friendship but also betrail
user2: complete life
user1: I forgot that the movie started with Zuckerberg writing in his livejournal about his girlfriend. Lol! Livejournal and myspace were the big social media sites back then... I remember having both.
user1: It really does cover a range of topics!
user2: Columbia Pictures did awesome production
user1: Yes, I absolutely agree with you!
user1: I am glad that Facemash evolved into Facebook! Ha!
user2: facebook me the frace that move it all haha
user1: Ha!
user2: the other characters were also amazing 
user1: It really is a very interesting story of how facebook really evolved before it became a world renowned thing.
user1: Yes, I agree!
user1: Timberlake was pretty impressive.
user2: yes the story is awesome the evolving ,the student days ,the ideas forming ,complications etc ... totally cool
user1: The fact that even after the lawsuits and mishaps... they still persevered.
user2: yes he was ,Timberlake suprise us all
user2: yes
user1: Do we ever find out if Mark Zuckerbergs girlfriend accepted his friend request?
user1: I kind of forget the very last details!
user2: yes 
user2: but
user2: dramatic part is to round it round it 
user1: Ha!
user1: Gotta have the dramatics.
user2: yes true
user1: Well - it was nice chatting! Hope you have a nice evening!
user2: Bio -drama 
user2: u2\

conversation:
user1: olleh
user2: hi there
user2: how are you
user1: I am good thank you I am sorry I am trying to reload my page because nothing is showing on my screen
user2: uh oh
user2: f5 quick haha
user1: let me try to load my other browser & see if this helps or if I can connect back to you

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: hi
user2: So what movie do we discuss today?
user1: The Social Network. This movie seems like it got a lot of good feedback from critics.
user2: I agree with you, a cinema rating of B+ and rotten tomatoes rating of 96 is never a joke
user2: i do like Biographical movies and this movie is not an exception
user1: Yeah, I think people really liked it because Facebook is so popular. But also the movie was very dark and sad
user1: I agree, and it's interesting to see the personal side of some famous people
user2: like Zuckerberg the founder of facebook
user2: I think it tells a tale of the accidental billionaires
user1: Yeah it really shows him as a human and how he could create this cool new tech but he had to be kind of mean to do it
user1: I thought it was interesting that it showed like some antagonists like the WInklevoss twins, that was the most exciting part of the movie to me
user2: Imagine being dumped by your girlfriend and getting an inspiration to do something big from that
user1: Yeah but he was mean to her and tried to get revenge through the internet
user1: Like you said it shows how accidental and lucky it all was
user2: Infact the movie portrays mark as a student who is not doing well academically
user2: the 2010 movie is an epic i think
user1: yeah I think it makes the movie engaging to show people who are now famous and really successful, but started in situations that we would call a failure like doing bad in school and getting dumped
user2: I think the facebook gained popularity quick enough that it extended to Yale
user1: I liked how it showed Facebook starting on college campuses because it reminded me of being in college and how everyone socializes 
user2: yeah, it shows the good part of socialization though
user1: how so?
user2: you know, mark creating something big from a simple idea of telling things to people via blogs\
user1: yeah I guess so. I think since technology is changing so quickly a lot of people found the movie interesting
user2: he was actually fuming about his break up when the whole idea escalated into something big
user2: I think I love the idea that the movie cast Justin Timberlake
user1: it seems really weird at the end when Superman leaves and the dirt atop Clark's coffin levitated. I wasn't sure if it was even the same movie
user1: but if I forget about that part and focus on the rest of the movie, I thought the ending was really intense. 
user2: which other star was named in the cast?
user1: I liked Justin as well. Jesse Eisenberg was the main actor and I thought he did well
user2: good one 
user2: let" talk about another movie tomorrow please 
user1: Cool I love talking about movies 
user2: by the way David fincher critique the movie
user2: see you soon
user1: bye

conversation:
user2: This movie has good reviews overall and is worth watching
user1: hey
user1: what's the name of the movie?
user2: The Social Network. It was released in 2010
user1: oh, i've heard of it
user1: what is good about it?
user2: It covers the story of how Facebook started pretty accurately. If you like suspenseful movies you would like this one
user1: oh cool. sounds very historical.  Who is in it?
user1: Is mark zuckerberg in it?
user2: Jesse Eisenberg, Andrew Garfield, Justin Timberlake, etc.
user2: No he is not but Eisenberg does a good job playing him
user1: wow, justin timberlake!  And it is cool that Eisenberg does a good job.
user1: Did it make you like facebook any more at the end?
user1: Is it a good date movie?
user1: Or is it a family movie (e.g. could young kids watch it)?
user2: It did make me like facebook somewhat more but I didn't like learning how Zuckerberg sort of stole the idea.
user2: It would work for both in my opinion
user2: Young kids could watch it or for a date
user1: oh, wow,, sounds exciting!
user1: How long is it?
user2: I agree may have to watch it again
user2: It doesn't tell me but I believe it is under 2 hours
user1: That's ideal, I hate really long movies.
user1: Didn't Zuckerberg code it with help from his roommate at Harvard?
user1: I heard that one of the early founders sued him.
user2: Same here long movies get boring. Yes he did
user2: Zuckerberg was helping a group of kids with a site they wanted to open
user2: called Harvard Connection
user2: he sort of took the idea and coded facebook with his roommate Eduardo
user2: He was later sued by Eduardo and the Winklevoss twins
user1: Ah, and they claim he stole facebook. I remember it was twins.
user1: Oh man, once you get famious, it gets tough. You find out who your real friends are.
user1: Do they cover the court stuff in the movie, or is it just the beginning?
user2: Yeah the twins made a lot of money off the lawsuit and I believe are still making money.
user2: I agree and yes they do cover the court stuff throughout the entire movie
user2: It is really interesting to see what Zuckerberg went through
user1: oh great. then it sounds like I'll have to watch.
user2: Yes you definitely should
user1: I can even imagine!
user1: You've convinced me.
user2: Hope you enjoy it! I think that is more then 15 messages each for both of us. Have a great day.
user1: have a great day. thanks for the movie chat!
user2: No problem you too

conversation:
user2: Hello, have you seen the movie The Social Network?
user1: I have seen it. You mean the 2010 biographical drama directed by David Fincher, about the founding of Facebook, right? 
user2: Yes, the one directed by David Fincher. It was a pretty good movie, it has a CinemaScort rating of a B+
user1: Yea, I wasn't sure how it would turn out, but Jesse Eisenberg (who played Mark Zuckerberg) did a great job. Although I find it odd that Zuckerburg himself (nor Facebook staff) were involved with the project.
user2: I did too. But, there was several celebrities in it, like Justin Timberlake, he played Sean Parker in the movie. The movie was released to the United States by Columbia Pictures. Amie Hammer played two characters in this movie, Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss. I bet that was challenging.
user1: I'm sure it did. And I thought Timberlake was great in his role as well. The film takes liberties with the subject matter, and Aaron Sorkin based his screenplay on the book "The Accidental Billionaires." Not sure how much of it is actually factual, but it's certainly enjoyable. 
user2: It has a few critical responses but it what said that this was the movie of the year. They say that Fincher and Sorkin takes this even further then that.
user1: Yea the critical response so far has been very positive. It received a 96% on Rotten Tomatoes and a Metacritic Score of 95/100. And I have to say it definitely deserves it. 
user2: I agree, it does. Very good movie and I enjoyed the actors in it as well. It is said that not only does the movie portray Facebook, it also portrays the lawsuits as well. I learned some things that I didn't know before I watched it. 
user1: Yea, it really defined the dark irony of the past decade. The scathing wit of the film is laced with an aching sadness. 
user2: I was surprised to find out that Mark Zuckerberg got 6 months of academic probation for hacking into the college databases.
user1: Yea turned out to be a blessing in disguise though. Remember how Facemash's popularity attracted the attention of Harvard upperclassmen (and twins) Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss and their business partner Divya Narendra? And then they invite Zuckerberg to work on Harvard Connection (a social network for Harvard students aimed at dating).
user2: Yes, and to think all this started because he was dumped by his then girlfriend, Erica Albright. If he would of never written that insulting entry in his Live Journal blog, then none of this popularity and wealth would of happened for him.
user1: Yea, it's funny how it all worked out. He stole the photos of female students, for site visitors to rate, due to the bitterness of being dumped. 
user2: Yeah, he posted them on the campus website that he created. It was called Facemash. Kinda funny, that people were rating females faces on this website with it's given name. 
user1: Not sure how much of those scenes were factual though. I'd imagine he would get much worse than 6 months of academic probation, just for hacking into the college database, alone. 
user2: You would think so. Zuckerberg and Saverin met another fellow student, Christy Lee, who asked them to "facebook me" and they were impressed by this.
user1: Yea it was interesting how Lee arranged for Saverin and Zuckerberg to meet Napster co-founder Sean Parker, whopresented a "billion dollar" vision for them. 
user2: Yeah, he suggested that they drop "the" from "Thefacebook" and to just call it Facebook. 
user1: Yea, that was probably for the best. He also suggested the company move to Palo Alto. And Saverin remained in New York to work on business development.
user2: Yes. I'm sure it was! When Parker promised to expand Facebook to two continents, Zuckerberg invited him to live in the house that he was using as the companies headquarters. That was really nice of him.
user1: Yea, I'm sure Parker impressed Zuckerberg with his vision. Plus he was already expanding to other schools like Yale, Columbia, and Stanford University, anyway. 
user2: I was surprised to learn the twins claimed that Zuckerberg stole their idea.
user1: And Saverin claimed his shares of Facebook were unfairly diluted when the company was incorporated 
user2: I also was shocked Zuckerberg sent a friend request to Albright after everyone left.
user1: And then refreshing the webpage every few seconds as he waits for her response. Sad. 
user2: Yes it was. Well, without her breaking up with him, none of this would of happened. 
user1: Going back to the lawsuit- I really like how Throughout the film, the narrative is intercut with scenes from depositions taken in the Winklevoss twins' and Saverin's respective lawsuits against Zuckerberg and Facebook. I really pulls you in and makes you want to find out more. 
user2: Yes, I was very interested throughout the whole movie. 
user1: Indeed. Thanks for chatting with me about the film. I'll probably go and see it on Netflix, again. It was that good. 
user1: Later

conversation:
user2: Hey!
user1: HI How are you?
user2: Great. How are you?
user1: Im doing well. Thanks for asking.
user2: Sure
user1: So, have you ever seen the movie Social Network?
user2: So, what movie are we going to char about today?
user2: Right
user2: The one about Zuckerberg?
user1: Yep. Thats the one.
user2: So, have you seen it?
user1: Yeah I actually even bought it when it came to DVD .LOL
user2: Really?
user1: It was actually based of a book too called The Accidental Billionaires:
user2: If only seen fragments of it.
user2: Never the whole movie in one sitting.
user1: Oh it was ok . I think I ended up selling it on Ebay. 2003 what a year! lol
user2: 2003?
user2: Is the movie really that old?
user1: Oh no. Im wrong it was 2010
user1: It was based off of his life in 2003. Apologies
user2: Right yeah
user2: Dont worry.
user2: So, why do you think its just fine?
user1: Facebook was called The FaceBook.. It was kind of boring
user2: So, would you recommend it?
user1: It seemed like it went on forever
user2: Okay
user1: Rotten tomatoes gives it a really good score 
user2: Was there a soecific scene you hatef or didnt like?
user2: What does RT say?
user1: 9  out of a ten
user1: Dont get me wrong it is a good movie its just some parts get slow
user2: What?
user2: I see
user2: Well, thanks for this great chat and lots of luck!
user1: It was interesting seeing how regular people became rich. Youre welcome. Have a good one

conversation:
user2: I think this is a good movie, that might help explain some of the things that went into creating Facebook.
user2: What do you think?
user1: YES I THINK SO TOO. I LOVE THE CHARACTER.
user1: I LIKE WHO PLAYS THE MAIN CHARACTER TOO. THEY DID A GOOD JOB REPLICATING THE STORY.
user2: So do I.  I think they picked a perfect group to depict Zuckerberg and company.
user1: YES EXACTLY.
user1: HOW MANY TIMES HAVE YOU SEEN IT?
user2: I would certainly recommend it.
user2: I've only seen it once.
user1: ME TOO. ITS GOOD INFORMATION TOO.
user1: YOU GET TO LEARN ALL THE HISTORY FROM THE BEGINNING OF FACEBOOK.
user2: Yes, which is a good thing.  They should do a sequel showing what Facebook has become.
user1: DO YOU HAVE ANY FAVORITE CHARACTERS?
user1: YEAH THAT ACTUALLY IS A REALLY GOOD IDEA! I WOULD WATCH THAT!
user2: I would say I like the main 3 Mark (Jesse Eisenburg), Eduardo (Andrew Garfield), and Sean (Justin Timberlake).  Although I'm not a huge fan of Andrew Garfield, as I find him a bit annoying.
user2: I think it's a bit unacceptable and kind of pathetic how he started Facebook though (the whole Facesmash thing).
user1: THATS REALLY FUNNY BECAUSE I FEEL THE SAME WAY ABOUT ANDREW GARFIELD TOO LOL.
user1: I KNOW. I THINK IT IS DEGRADING TO WOMEN. MARK ZUCKERBERG WAS A BIT OF AN A HOLE.
user2: They really started a new world though with their Facebook thing though.  I'm not a fan of Facebook anymore, but what it's become is impressive, and to see where it all started is interesting.
user1: YEAH IT IS. I USE INSTAGRAM NOW. I USED TO BE ON FACEBOOK EVERYDAY. I LOST INTEREST
user2: It's just a constant flow of meme's etc, with little if anything to do with the people who are posting (and reposting) these things.  It seems like where it started and originated was excellent, and it's just dropped off since then.
user2: It's interesting to watch the characters grow in the movie.
user2: I wonder how long they actually lived together (Zuckerberg and Parker)
user1: I KNOW. MARK CHANGES IN SOME WAYS. HE MATURES.
user1: AND THEN JUSTIN TIMBERLAKES CHARACTER I MEAN WOW!. HES A TOTAL MESS.
user1: I DONT LIKE WHAT THEY DID TO ANDREW GARFIELDS CHARACTER THOUGH. HE REALLY DID GET SCREWED.
user2: Yeah, it was certainly a little unfair, but who knows how much truth is actual to that.
user1: YEAH. THEY DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING ABOUT HIS SETTLEMENT AT THE END.
user2: Yeah, I'm curious how much it was, and if they can even disclose that.
user2: It sucks that business got in the way of a friendship, 
user1: THEY DIDN'T DISCLOSE IT AT THE END. IT WAS SAID HIS AMOUNT WAS UNKNOWN BUT IF YOU LOOK IT UP YOU COULD PROBABLY FIND IT.
user2: Yeah, it was an interesting move that's for sure.  I might have to go watch it again soon just to refresh some of my memory
user2: Overall I say it's a pretty good movie.
user1: I JUST WATCHED IT TWO DAYS AGO IRONICALLY. ITS ON MY ROKU TV.

conversation:
user2: It was an. Amazing movie 
user1: Everybody says that
user2: Why dont you 
user1: I just couldn't get into it
user1: Fell asleep, in fact
user2: The idea of Facebook or the movie 
user1: the movie
user2: Oh well XD
user1: Normally, I love David Fincher's stuff
user2: was it the cast or the script
user1: I don't really know.  
user2: Okay....
user1: I still like Eisenberg then
user2: Obviously 
user2: I liked the fact that he changed the world sitting in his dorm
user1: true
user2: Yeahh
user1: just hard to relate to the character, I guess
user2: Hes one in a million
user2: He also found a loophole in his own school network 
user1: according to this, he did the whole thing to get back at a girl who dumped him
user2: And when caught criticized about pointing it out lol
user2: Woah
user2: Bad luck for her apparently 
user1: that's a little sketch tho
user2: I guess
user2: He made a voting poll for all the girls in his university 
user1: I heard Zuckerberg didn't like the movie, maybe that's why
user2: Yeah? I didnt know that
user2: Was the biography actually as true as his life
user1: I don't know
user2: You seem to have researched all the aspects
user1: whyis there a sentence about Superman in this?
user1: copy/paste fail
user2: Lol yeah
user2: Maybe it got confused with BVS

conversation:
user2: The movie is The Social Network, the story of how Mark Zuckerberg created Facebook.  It's really good.  I think you should see it.
user1: Who are the stars of the movie..if you know?
user2: Jesse Eisenberg plays Zuckerberg, but Andrew Garfield, Justin Timberlake, ARnie Hammer, Tyler Winklevoss and Max Mingella are also in it.  
user1: oh cool so pretty good actors
user1: whats the movie rated?
user2: It was rated 96% on Rotten Tomatoes and its Metacritic score is 95/100.  Critics said that the film is as smart as it's brilliant hero, as well.
user1: so really good reviews...is the movie pg-13 or r rated?
user2: oh, sorry.  I misunderstood you.  I'm actually not sure, i'd need to look up the rating.
user1: oh no worries...you still answered one of my questions about the reviews
user1: have you seen the move yourself?
user2: I have and I agreed with the reviews.  Aaron Sorkin did the screenplay and his reviews were also very good from the critics.  One critic even said it is the movie of the year.
user1: sorkin always makes really good movies
user1: how did eisenberg do playing zuckerburg, ive heard zuckerberg is a real jerk in real life so i wonder how well they covered that
user1: i think he got sued by some of the guys who helped him make facebook so im guessing thats covered in the movie
user2: I agree.  Eisenberg did a good job.  The movie starts how showing how Zuckerberg was dumped by his girlfriend in college and he hacks the college database to steal photos of female students and then have a website where people could rate their attractiveness.  
user2: So, to your point, yah, he seems like kind of a jerk.
user1: oh nice..i thought i read something to that fact that that was his idea behind facebook..thats actually a little creepy too
user1: so it goes a little deeper then just a couple guys sitting in a room typing out code for two hours
user2: I agree.  He crashed the computer network at Harvard, so he got caught, but some of the upperclassmen invite him to work on a social network that was set up just for Harvard students.
user1: right which would explain how facebook was originally only for college students...sounds like they cover basically his start from nothing to this multi billion dollar beast of a internet based company
user1: how's justin timberlake in the movie, i always get a little skeptical when i see these pop stars who try their hand at acting
user2: They go into a ton of detail, like how they got the name Facebook and how they expanded it to a few colleges at first.
user1: how long is the movie? im guessing with a lot of detail and story at least a couple hours
user1: wasn't the movie up for some oscars? i some how missed it when it cam our
user1: out
user1: ?

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hello!
user1: Why did you leave lol
user1: Did you read about a movie?

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: This movie is about how Facebook got started by Mark Zuckerberg, it's called "The Social Network". Interesting to watch because it's based on real events.
user2: I have heard of that movie before
user2: Although I haven't watched it before
user1: It was more popular than the book it was based on, The Accidental Billionaires, probably because it's a tale of Sex, Money, and Betrayal. Stuff we can all identify with
user2: Oh that is really interesting
user2: It makes it sound more intriguing than before
user2: Have you seen it
user1: Yes, we've all heard of Facebook, but the story of how it got started is pretty surprising. I didn't believe everything I saw in the movie, but it held my interest
user2: I think sometimes they add information to movies just to keep the audience entertained
user2: Which is understandable because you don't want a boring movie 
user2: I had no idea it was a book thogh
user1: No doubt, It is a drama. Zuckerberg and the current staff weren't involved in making the movie, it has a kind of dark irony, but one of the founders, Eduardo Saverin, was consulted by the book's author. 
user2: I am sure there is information that they didn't want to leak in the movie and even the book
user2: So would you recommend seeing this movie? It a couple of years old if not older. 
user1: Yes, it's an engaging look at that time period when websites were just getting started. Some of the lawsuits that came out of those beginnings might still be on going. 
user2: I believe it. I remember reading about the lawsuits when they were filed. I think they have great lawyers to protect themselves though...
user1: The film starts in 2003 when Zuckerberg was a 19 year old student at Harvard. He actually created a campus website called Facemash that allowed users to rate the attractiveness of photos of female students.
user2: That is a really good overall description for someone who wants a synapse of the movie. 
user1: Oh, that's just the beginning. That website was so popular it got the attention of the Winklevoss twins, who were upper class men who made a dating website exclusive to Harvard.  So the origins of the idea for the site are kind of vague 
user2: Is the company protected by a patent or some kind of legal documents?
user1: I don't know, but Zuckerberg was given 6 months academic probation for hacking into college databases and crashing the Harvard computer network. So he's aware of what kind of damage a rogue programmer can do.
user2: As a programmer I could see the damage that can be done by hacking into databases and networks.
user2: damage was bound to happen in this situation
user1: So you also know that programming knowledge doesn't necessarily translate to business smarts. It's when Zuckerberg gets hooked up with Napster co-founder Sean Parker that the business really starts to take off
user2: I had totally forgotten about using Napster. I use to always use it. Had no idea he co-founded it.
user1: There were other social networks before The Facebook, too, which is what Zuckerberg called it while expanding the site to Yale, Columbia, and Stanford. I liked Napster, too, and had a MySpace account.  But that all changed after Parker suggested they drop 'The' and move Facebook to Palo Alto. 
user2: I I also had a MySpace account but haven't logged in roughly 2 years. 
user1: Been a while for me, too.  Parker ended up sharing a house in Palo Alto with Zuckerberg, leaving his partner Saverin in New York to work on "Business Development". Meanwhile they were developing plans for the business in California to make a billion dollar company. 
user2: That is crazy. To have potentially in a company to make a billion dollar company is mind blowing
user1: Well, Saverin and the Winklevoss twins tried to keep their interests in the company. The film is intercut with scenes from their depositions in the cases against Zuckerberg. They eventually settled out of court because Zuckerberg's defense thinks he will appear unsympathetic to a jury.
user2: Well if he wasn't going to seem unsympathetic than maybe it was the best choice for the defense 
user1: No doubt, the film has lots of sordid details about the founding and the callous attitude Zuckerberg had towards his collaborators. But the end, when he's sending a friend request, is when it get's really weird. 
user2: Ugh I hate endings that either leave cliff hangers or just ends with no explanation of the future events
user1: I hear you. This ending has to deal with a world where Superman is absent, and after every one leaves, the dirt on top of Clark's coffin starts rising into the air. How about that!
user2: Thanks!

conversation:
user2: Hi, have you saw any good movies lately?
user1: yes 
user1: i really like documentaries or somewhat documentaries
user1: The social network is one of my favorite
user2: I'm not usually into documentaries
user2: I have not seen that one, is that documentary?
user1: it is a biographical drama about the founding of facebook - it is so neat how one person can get rich and very interesting story. 
user2: Oh I remember when that came out, not too long ago right?
user1: do you know much about the lawsuits and such that occured?
user2: I remember thinking that would be interesting to see
user1: it seemed like it just came out but it was really 2010
user2: I had no idea about lawuits?
user1: yes they created fashmash at harvard for dating and getting to know people on campus but the winklevoss sued them because they said they created facebook and it was his idea, he just built it for them
user1: facemash
user1: it was originally called the harvard connection 
user1: i can see merit to both sides and the movie helps with that 
user2: Wow interesting.. 
user2: who plays in the social network
user1: jesse eisenberg is mike zucherberg
user2: I like him
user1: the ratings are great and it also talks about how it grows in popularity to other schools
user1: yes i do aswell
user2: Yeah I'm not sure theres anyone these days who doesnt know what facebook is!
user2: So is the movie more like a movie than documentary? 
user1: right! zuckerberg ended up making it bigtime after meeting with the napster guy 
user2: Napster lol, forgot about that
user1: yes it is a movie, a drama, but it is based in fact so more like a narrative 
user2: I don't think I have heard the term biographical drama. So now I know! It sounds like something I would enjoy watching
user1: haha yes, it goes on about moving to palo alto, settling the lausuits with all these people so he owns all of it
user2: Well I think he did good for himself then
user1: thats great, it really is worth the time to see some crazy modern day stories based in reality
user1: haha yes he did from puny wrestler who got made fun of in highschool to who he is now
user2: haha that is usually how it goes
user1: indeed. well i hope you enjoy the movie!
user2: thanks for the recommendation!

conversation:
user2: Hello, which movie do you want to talk with me about?
user1: Hello, I want to talk about the movie The Social Network

conversation:
user2: Hi,this is tucker 
user1: Hi there!
user2: Hi,whats your favorite movie of all time
user1: I  can't pick just one. It looks like "The Social Network" got pretty good reviews.
user2: I see that
user2: Did you see it
user2: Its about Facebook I see
user1: I didn't.  Since it is a biographic it is at least sort of about Mark Zuckerberg.
user2: Right
user2:  Probably wouldnt watch it
user1: It seems he wasn't involved with the project, so I wonder how they got all the info, especially the stuff that is not public.
user2: Yea,I dont know either 
user1: The reviews were pretty impressive, so if you like biopics it seems like a good choice.  If you don't like that type of movie then  you probably wouldn't like this one.
user1: It seems thee were at least some liberties taken with the subject matter, according to Ben Mezrich.
user1: He wrote a book about the founding of Facebook.
user2: Oh no kidding 
user2: They will always take some liberties I guess
user1: It seems that all if not most of the characters are male.
user1: One actor played two characters with the same last name.
user2: Oh wow,hahahahah 
user1: According to the info they were twins.
user2: Thats different huh
user1: Some of the negative reviews mention that there were definitely liberties taken with the subject matter.
user2: Right,still got high scores though 
user1: Yes, Rotten Tomatoes gave it 96%.
user1: The people who gave it a "Critical Response" are shown, it helps people see what might be lacking, even though it is a generally good movie.  
user2: I see that,theyre usually right on the money 
user2: Thats good they give that info
user1: It shows How the company was incorporated.
user2: I imagine the more I look at it that it probably would be a good movie to watc
user2: Do,we need to keep on going
user1: One description of a key scene says that the dirt atop a coffin levitates. Not sure what that means.
user2: what?
user2: That sounds a little weird
user1: In the key scene number 3 the last words say that the "dirt atop Clark's coffin levitates."
user2: Wonder what thats about 
user1: Even when I read the whole paragraph it didn't make sense.
user1: It also mentions "Superman's absence" in the sentence prior to that one.  
user2: Hahahahah 
user2: Superman?
user1: Some one did a bad job cutting and pasting.
user2: Whats that mean 
user2: I guess so
user1: I think part of the info we are seeing is from the Superman movie, Clark Kent.
user2: Probably right 

conversation:
user1: Hey. This movie has pretty good ratings. I liked it. Did you?
user2: i never saw it but i bet it is.
user1: It is pretty neat to watch because it shows how Facebook came to be. 
user2: now that i read it i think i did see it.
user1: It is based off a book also. Maybe you read the book?
user2: shows mark in not a good light if i remember correctly.
user2: never read the book.
user1: Well everyone has a little dirt here and there. They have to put that in the movie to make it interesting.
user2: i am sure.
user2: i see justin timerlake was in it.
user2: don't rem seeing him in it though.
user1: I don't either actually. It has been a long time since I watched it.
user2: wow someone dumped mark huh thats cool.
user1: Lol and he was bitter about it. 
user1: Not so cool of him to go blasting them on the internet though. Kinda petty.
user2: i bet. he seems to be a little ummmm u know.
user1: He's smart though. To be at Harvard. 
user2: isnt that kinda like bullying?
user2: thats where u go with money though.
user1: Up very much like bullying. These days he probably would have gotten harsher punishment. 
user1: It is cool that Facebook seemed to take off though just by word of mouth. It because popular just by people talking.
user2: yeah alot of bullying on his facebook these days too.
user1: Yes. People are hidden behind a computer screen and they are less afraid and just plan mean.
user2: for sure.
user1: It's hard to believe facebook is so OLD. LOL it came out when I was in college.. I guess I am old now. 
user2: aren't we all.most [people use it so mark is lucky hes the owner.
user1: I think that snap chat is taking over. 
user1: It would be interesting to see how those platforms came about as well. They should do another movie talking about his life now that he is rich from Facebook. Maybe a behind the scenes on how they keep it running.
user2: wow says mark waited and waited for that person to add him as a friend.
user2: that would be cool.
user1: It's funny now. I bet he has a million friends
user2: i added him then took him off...
user2: probably everyone does.
user1: yea me to in the beginning. 
user1: ok I have my 15 comments and I think you do as well. should we end the conversation now? 
user2: i don't keep people who don't chat. and he doesn't.
user2: yeeah im way over.
user2: yes.
user2: byeeeeee
user2: any idea how to do that?
user1: I think we just hit end conversation? It was nice talking to you! Hope your world is going well :) 

conversation:
user1: I thought this was a pretty well done money!
user2: I agree. The rotten tomatoes score is 96%.
user1: All of the major rating sites gave it great reviews.  I really enjoyed the acting and directing thought it was very well done.
user2: I liked Justin Timberlake as Sean Parker. I can't believe it came out 8 years ago, though. 
user1: Yes he great!  I know it is hard to believe that facebook is that old.
user2: "The biographical parts take liberties with its subject." I remember there was some controversy about how accurate the movie was, but it was still entertaining!
user1: Right, we would like the movies we see to be accurate to the original story but the ones making the movie want it to be entertaining.
user2: It's definitely a balance.
user2: Do you typically choose movies based on the rating?
user1: I always look the ratings to see, but I also try to get feedback from people that have seen it that have the same taste in movies as me
user2: I forgot about the part where he creates  Facemash. That was pretty messed up, but, then again, we basically have the same concept on Tinder.
user1: Yes it was pretty awful for him to do that, but like you said we have that with Tinder and all the apps like it.  It has become the social norm now.
user2: Based on just the movie, do you think he "stole" the concept and owed money to the brothers?
user1: Well it is a similar concept, all major inventions or concepts have taken aspects of some other idea from someone else.
user1: He probably should have compensated them for what they showed him but he didnt owe them
user2: Yeah, I agree. I think they had a settlement in the end, but it was more like a slap on the wrist. Facebook is crazy huge now.
user1: Yeah zuckerberg is one of the youngest and richest men in the world
user2: I think he did treat his business partner, Saverin, very poorly. It seemed like Sean Parker just took everything over when they moved to Palo Alto
user1: I agree, was it on purpose, don't know.  With Saverin being in New York defiantly keep him out of the loop on what they were doing in Pal Alto
user2: Saverin probably wasn't going to help the business grow exponentially, which is what Zuckerberg wanted. He still had an important role as the money guy, though.
user2: They make Zuckerberg seem like a complete tool in the movie, but I don't think he's like that in real life.
user1: You know I don't know, but people with that kind of intellect usually come off as smug and arrogant because they have created something so large.  I mean facebook has billions of users.  He is in charge of one of the biggest inventions of the last 100 years.
user2: "After they leave, the dirt atop Clark's coffin levitates." ---- I don't remember this part, do you?
user1: This is just a metaphor they are talking about Clark Kent, which is Superman's secret identity
user2: Oh, that's good. Smart of you to pick up on that part.
user2: I did think the ending was ominous with the refreshing page and all. The new normal of social media.
user1: Yes that was really interesting, we have all just been so consumed with friend requests and likes.
user2: Yes, it seems like everything has a push notification now, not just Facebook.
user1: Yes you can be notified constanly, email, banking, food.  you name it they can notify you.

conversation:
user2: Hi how are you today
user1: I'm great. I want to tell you about a really good movie, The Social Network. Have you seen it? 
user2: I haven't I think I have heard of it what is it about
user1: It is a biography about Mark Zuckerberg who founded Facebook. Do you like biographical dramas?
user2: I love them. I am a fan of watching things based on real stories. I don't know much about him but sounds like a movie I would like. Are there any big names in it
user1: The movie also talks about all the lawsuits that came about when Facebook was started.
user2: I did not know anything about that. What was he sued for
user1: The only name I recognize is Justin Timberlake! 
user2: I like him both as a singer and actor. How old is the movie will it be somewhere online. It sounds like one I would like
user1: I'm not sure what the lawsuits were about. I guess the movie is based on a book about accidental billionaires.
user1: The movie came out in 2010. Columbia Pictures made it. 
user2: Well know my curiousity is really peaked. I would like to know how facebook came about. Wasn't there another site like it before it came out.
user2: Thats pretty old I should be able to find it somewhere online. Have you seen it
user1: No, I haven't seen it. One of the important scenes is when Zucker makes a insulting website called Facemash while he is at Harvard. He got six months probation from the school, but look at how much money that brought him.
user1: Have you heard of Jesse Eisenberg? He plays Zuckerberg.
user2: No kidding, he is pretty young too. I guess the internet  business is rough from time to time. I have heard that he is not particularly pleasant
user2: No I don't recognize that name but sometimes I recognize the actor and can't ever remember the name. How rich is Zucker he must be in the billions 
user1: If you watch the movie, you should see what you think of how Zuckerberg is portrayed. He was not consulted when the movie was made.
user2: That doesn't seem right. I would think you would have to have permission to do a story about someones life. I will watch it probably tonight if I can find it. I am sure he wasn't too pleased
user2: He sits owns facebook doesn't he 
user2: Meant still owns
user1: I guess some critics have called the movie the "dark irony of the past decade," but they do say you have to be careful of the biographical part because some may not be true.
user1: Yes, I think he still owns Facebook, but I can't say for sure. It would probably be interesting to learn about its roots since it has become so popular.
user2: I will keep that in mind when I watch it. I am always fascinated by how they come up with the idea. I personally think facebook can be irritating but I still use it
user1: Yes, I agree. Do you ever go by the ratings, such as Rotten Tomatoes?
user2: I do check the ratings but usually, if I am interested, check it out for myself. If I am watching from home I can always opt out of the movie if it is bad
user2: I find the ratings to be helpful in anything I buy or look for online.
user1: Well, Rotten Tomatoes gives it a 9/10. Do you think you will see it?
user2: Absolutely, if is the type of movie I like. Entertaining and informative. Are you going to watch it
user1: Yes. I think the scenes about the lawsuits would be interesting. 

conversation:
user2: hELLO
user1: Hi
user2: Are you on Facebook?
user1: No
user1: I have one just not on it at the moment
user2: Would you be interested in watching a movie that documents the start of Facebook?
user1: Sure that would be cool
user2: The name of the movie is The Social Network
user2: It is a biographical film.  Have you ever heard of Mark Zukerberg?
user1: I like the indepth details and yes I have seen the original doc of facebook
user1: I know who he is dont follow him as much as I usewd to
user2: Well it is a story of how he became rich
user2: It got a 96% score on the Rotten Tomatoes
user1: Of how he came with and created facebook as well. Yes it details how he made his money as well
user1: Yeah everyone wanted to see it when it came out because by that time facebook was in full swing and so mysterious 
user2: Critics said that certain parts were  not completely accurate
user1: And that is probably true he is not gonna reveal every single detail of the journey to create FB. Plus I believe some parts are made up to spice the movie up
user2: But that is wrong, if it is biographical.  It runs the risks of portraying some people in a bad light.
user2: That is why it is sometimes better to read the book.  It was based off a book, by the way.
user1: Yes 95% of that movie is real but when the parts they left out come around I believe some of it is made up to fill in the gaps that would be left by withholding some of the issues
user2: Still, it is very informative.  Facebook is simply huge right now.  I use it everyday.
user1: It is always better to read a movie based book because the detail is phenomenal and makes alot more come to light. I am a reader so yes I read books on movies  
user2: It has enhanced my life significantly, as well as for millions of people
user2: Do you think that the Severin brothers were treated unfairly?
user1: Yeah its not that bad short of you have to be careful because drama can start at any minute and ruin the fun. 
user1: In a way yes 
user2: How?
user2: Do you think there compensation was not adequate?
user1: I think they could have been recognized a little more
user1: What about you do you think they were treated fairly
user1: Are you there

conversation:
user2: Did you have a good weekend? We had a nice time, watched a movie.
user1: You should check out The Social Network it stars Jesse Eisenberg and Eduardo Saverin
user1: I had a great weekend went and saw 3 movies at the theater.
user2: I hadn't heard about that one. What is it about?
user1: The Social Network is based on a book called The Accidnetal Bioolnaires.   The Founding of Facebook.
user2: Oh cool. That sounds good. Is it boring just like a guy sitting in his dorm coding on the computer?
user1: No it's not boring at all.   It also has Justin Timberlake in it. They have a good story, historically accurate but entertaining.
user2: I love Justin Timberlake, I think he's great. So, the movie is historically accurate? Is there action to it?
user1: Well no I wouldn't say action. It's a drama. It really is good got a average of 9/10 on rotten tomatoes. 
user2: That's a great review. What character does Justin Timberlake play?
user1: Sean Parker the inventor of a online music streaming service. 
user2: Interesting. I didn't realize that an online music streaming service 
user2: was part of it
user1: Well that's justin's character has little to nothing to actually do with facebook.

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: The Movie is The social Network. 
user1: What is the movie about
user2: The Social Network is a 2010 American biographical drama film directed by David Fincher and written by Aaron Sorkin. Adapted from Ben Mezrich's 2009 book The Accidental Billionaires: The Founding of Facebook, a Tale of Sex, Money, Genius and Betrayal, the film portrays the founding of social networking website Facebook and the resulting lawsuits. It stars Jesse Eisenberg as founder Mark Zuckerberg, along with Andrew Garfield as Eduardo Saverin, Justin Timberlake as Sean Parker, and Armie Hammer as Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss. Neither Zuckerberg nor any other Facebook staff were involved with the project, although Saverin was a consultant for Mezrich's book. The film was released in the United States by Columbia Pictures on October 1, 2010.
user1: It sounds interesting, have you seen the movie?
user2: Harvard student Mark Zuckerberg creates the social networking site that would become known as Facebook, but is later sued by two brothers who claimed he stole their idea, and the co-founder who was later squeezed out of the business.
user2: No, I heard of it.
user2: have you ?
user1: no, I haven't. sounds intense
user1: Who plays Mark?
user2: An actor is playing for him, but its suppose to be Mark.
user1: do you think you would watch it?
user2: Mark is the guy who invented Facebook, Maybe !! 
user1: yea, I like movies based on true stories. I'd probably watch it. 
user2: cool!
user1: do you think the movie is pretty accurate about how everything happened?
user2: Yes. And the book is called (you can't make 500 million friends without making a few enemies). Ill probably  read that first.
user1: well I might just have to go watch the movie. Facebook is cool
user2: which movie did you choose ?

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: Hello how are you 
user1: good
user1: let's talk about The Social Network
user2: oh good I have been wanting to see that, who does it have in it 
user1: 2010 Biopic by David Fincher
user1: Jesse Eisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg
user1: Andrew Garfield as Eduardo Saverin
user1: Justin Timberlake as Sean Parker
user1: Armie Hammer as Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss
user1: Max Minghella as Divya Narendra
user2: oh yes about the way FB came about
user1: yeah
user1: The Social Network is a 2010 American biographical drama film directed by David Fincher andwritten by Aaron Sorkin. Adapted from Ben Mezrich's 2009 book The Accidental Billionaires: TheFounding of Facebook, A Tale of Sex, Money, Genius and Betrayal, the film portrays the foundingof social networking website Facebook and the resulting lawsuits.
user2: I couldn't belivie it all started from a Harvard doom room 
user1: Pretty crazy
user2: I Know, talk about nerds....
user1: Even though it's a known story, the way it unfolds in the movie is very engaging
user2: If it wasn't for his girlfriend dumping him I don't think it would have even began
user1: Yeah, there's that it in the movie
user1: "David Fincher's film has the rare quality of being not only as smart as its brilliant hero, butin the same way. It is cocksure, impatient, cold, exciting and instinctively perceptive."
user2: yes I'm so excited to see it....I love watching Mark W anyway, hes a very good actor
user1: "The Social Network is the movie of the year. But Fincher and Sorkin triumph by taking further. Lacing their scathing wit with an aching sadness, they define the dark irony of thepast decade."
user2: i meant Justin Timeberlake
user1: so good
user1: here's a key scene
user1: In October 2003, 19-year-old Harvard University student Mark Zuckerberg is dumped by hisgirlfriend Erica Albright. Returning to his dorm, Zuckerberg writes an insulting entry aboutAlbright on his LiveJournal blog and then creates a campus website called Facemash byhacking into college databases to steal photos of female students, then allowing site visitorsto rate their attractiveness. After traffic to the site crashes parts of Harvard's computernetwork, Zuckerberg is given six months of academic probation. However, Facemash'spopularity attracts the attention of Harvard upperclassmen and twins Cameron and TylerWinklevoss and their business partner Divya Narendra. The trio invites Zuckerberg to workon Harvard Connection, a social network featuring the exclusive nature of Harvard studentsand aimed at dating.
user2: oh wow, it sounds really good....do you know who produced the movie
user1: columbia picturers
user2: oh! they produce good movies
user1: yeah
user1: 1. Rotten Tomatoes: 96% and average: 9/102. Metacritic Score: 95/1003. CinemaScore: B+
user2: It has really good reviews huh? thats really a plus
user1: Yeah it's great
user1: "The biographical part takes liberties with its subject. Aaron Sorkin based his screenplayon a contentious book, Ben Mezrich's The Accidental Billionaires, so everything that's seenisn't necessarily to be believed."
user2: I think it's going to be a really good movie, at least its based on actual facts and not fiction
user1: yeah it's great
user1: Throughout the film, the narrative is intercut with scenes from depositions taken in theWinklevoss twins' and Saverin's respective lawsuits against Zuckerberg and Facebook. TheWinklevoss twins claim that Zuckerberg stole their idea, while Saverin claims his shares ofFacebook were unfairly diluted when the company was incorporated. At the end, MarylinDelpy, a junior lawyer for the defense, informs Zuckerberg that they will settle with Saverin,since the sordid details of Facebook's founding and Zuckerberg's own callous attitude willmake him highly unsympathetic to a jury. After everyone leaves, Zuckerberg is shownsending a friend request to Albright on Facebook and then refreshing the webpage everyfew seconds as he waits for her response. the world in Superman's absence. After theyleave, the dirt atop Clark's coffin levitates.
user2: oh really, I was under the impression that it was a bio
user1: Yeah those weird twins get some time
user1: the score is great too
user2: Thats what I have heard but, never followed up on the info
user1: it's done by Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails
user2: I'm really gonna check it out for sure

conversation:
user1: I have never seen this movie. Have you?
user2: I have seen it. It's one of Fincher's best movies.
user1: Does Timberlake have a big role?
user2: He does play a large role. He plays Sean Parker, the guy that started napster.
