wiki document:
cast:
Leonardo DiCaprio as Dom Cobb, a professional thief who specializes in conning secrets from his victims by infiltrating their dreams.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt as Arthur, Cobb's partner who manages and researches the missions.
Ellen Page as Ariadne, a graduate student of architecture who is recruited to construct the various dreamscapes, which are described as mazes.
Tom Hardy as Eames, a sharp-tongued associate of Cobb.

critical response:
wildly ingenious chess game,' 'the result is a knockout.
DiCaprio, who has never been better as the tortured hero, draws you in with a love story that will appeal even to non-sci-fi fans.
I found myself wishing Inception were weirder, further out ... the film is Nolan's labyrinth all the way, and it's gratifying to experience a summer movie with large visual ambitions and with nothing more or less on its mind than (as Shakespeare said) a dream that hath no bottom.
have no idea what so many people are raving about. It's as if someone went into their heads while they were sleeping and planted the idea that Inception is a visionary masterpiece and hold on ... Whoa! I think I get it. The movie is a metaphor for the power of delusional hype a metaphor for itself.

director:
Christopher Nolan

genre:
scientific

introduction:
Dominick "Dom" Cobb and Arthur are "extractors", who perform corporate espionage using an experimental military technology to infiltrate the subconscious of their targets and extract valuable information through a shared dream world. Their latest target, Japanese businessman Saito, reveals that he arranged their mission himself to test Cobb for a seemingly impossible job: planting an idea in a person's subconscious, or "inception". To break up the energy conglomerate of ailing competitor Maurice Fischer, Saito wants Cobb to convince Fischer's son and heir, Robert, to dissolve his father's company.

movie name:
The inception

rating:
Rotten Tomatoes: 86% and average: 8.1/10
IMDB: 8.8/10

year:
2009

description:
When the elder Fischer dies in Sydney, Robert Fischer accompanies the body on a ten-hour flight back to Los Angeles, which the team (including Saito, who wants to verify their success) uses as an opportunity to sedate and take Fischer into a shared dream. At each dream level, the person generating the dream stays behind to set up a 'kick' that will be used to awaken the other sleeping team members from the deeper dream level; to be successful, these kicks must occur simultaneously at each dream level, a fact complicated due to the nature of time which flows much faster in each successive level. The first level is Yusuf's dream of a rainy Los Angeles. The team abducts Fischer, but they are attacked by armed projections from Fischer's subconscious, which has been specifically trained to defend him against such intruders. The team takes Fischer and a wounded Saito to a warehouse, where Cobb reveals that while dying in the dream would normally wake Saito up, the powerful sedatives needed to stabilize the multi-level dream will instead send a dying dreamer into 'limbo', a world of infinite subconscious from which escape is extremely difficult, if not almost impossible, and a dreamer risks forgetting they are in a dream. Despite these setbacks, the team continues with the mission. 
Cobb reveals to Ariadne that he and Mal went to Limbo while experimenting with the dream-sharing technology. Sedated for a few hours of real time, they spent fifty years in a dream constructing a world from their shared memories. When Mal refused to return to reality, Cobb used a rudimentary form of inception by reactivating her totem (an object dreamers use to distinguish dreams from reality) and reminding her subconscious that their world was not real. However, when she woke up, Mal still believed that she was dreaming. In an attempt to 'wake up' for real, Mal committed suicide and framed Cobb for her death to force him to do the same. Facing a murder charge, Cobb fled the U.S., leaving his children in the care of Professor Miles. 
Through his confession, Cobb makes peace with his guilt over Mal's death. Ariadne kills Mal's projection and wakes Fischer up with a kick. Revived at the mountain hospital, Fischer enters a safe room to discover and accept the planted idea: a projection of his dying father telling him to be his own man. While Cobb remains in Limbo to search for Saito, the other team members ride the synchronized kicks back to reality. Cobb eventually finds an aged Saito in Limbo and reminds him of their agreement. The dreamers all awake on the plane and Saito makes a phone call. Upon arrival at Los Angeles Airport, Cobb passes the U.S. immigration checkpoint and Professor Miles accompanies him to his home. Using his totem a spinning top that spins indefinitely in a dream world but falls over in reality Cobb conducts a test to prove that he is indeed in the real world, but he ignores its result and instead joins his children in the garden. 

conversation:
user1: Have you ever seen Inception? If not, you should. It's complicated but very good.
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio and Joseph Gordon Levitt are in it
user2: Have you ever seeLeonardo DiCaprio and Joseph Gordon Levitt are in itn Inception? If not, you should. It's complicated but very good.
user1: They go into people's minds to steal information.
user2: yes
user1: Even Ellen Page is in it, and I love her.
user2: i also love her
user1: The people who go into other people's minds are called extractors.
user2: yes
user1: It has an 86% on Rotten Tomatoes, so that's pretty good.
user2: yes
user1: The first scene kind of explains how going in someone's mind works.
user1: In a team, people have to set up "kicks" to wake each other up from sleeping (how they go into a mind, I guess). 
user1: But some people have defenses in their subconsciousness, and the team gets attacked in one guy's mind.
user1: If the guy dies will in another person's mind, he may get stuck in an infinite limbo where he forgets he's dreaming.
user1: You're a very slow typist considering how exciting this movie is.
user2: If the guy dies will in another person's mind, he may get stuck in an infinite limbo where he forgets he's dreaming
user1: That's very true. Do you have any questions?
user1: Do you like scientific movies?
user1: I would love to tell you more about this movie, but you don't seem interested.
user1: Well, I think I'm going to go, then. You should see Inception!
user2: no 

conversation:
user2: I have a really great action thriller reccomendation for you 
user1: Hi there!
user2: its called inception, hear of it? 
user1: Thriller? I thought it was a horror movie.
user2: Nope. Inception is about a group of people called "extractos"
user2: extractors*
user1: Oh....ok. Thank you for clarifying.
user2: they dive into peoples dreams to gather info from the dream world
user1: Did it just come out?
user2: no its from 2009
user2: it has di caprio in it it as well 
user1: Got it.
user1: I not a big DiCaprio fan.
user2: me neither but normally he is only in rather good movies 
user1: On a scale 1 to 5...how would you rate this movie?
user2: 5
user2: is there anything further you want to know to make a decision 
user1: Who stars opposite of DiCaprio?
user2: I dont know it does not state it 
user1: Is it rated "R"? or PG-13?
user2: but it got 86 % from rotten tomatoes 
user2: I dont know that either sorrt
user2: its got shooting and sex 
user1: Probably R then.
user2: it is a mind boggler 
user1: I might have to check it out. I love thrillers.
user1: Anything else I should know to make a decision?
user2: no the movie is really great. The less you know the better
user2: done?
user2: I think we both need to have 12 lines of covo
user1: Ok...done.
user1: so 24 lines total?
user1: I am not able to scroll back up to review though.
user1: I have 15
user1: You have over 15.
user2: yeah idk then 
user1: The "finish conversation" is grayed out.

conversation:
user2: Hey have you seen the inception?
user1: No, I have not but have heard of it. What is it about
user2: It's about  extractors that  perform experiments using military technology on people  to retrieve info about their targets. 
user1: Sounds interesting do you know which actors are in  it?
user2: I haven't watched it either or seen a preview.  Bu5 it's scifi so it might be good. Ugh Leonardo DiCaprio  is the main character 
user2: He plays as Don Cobb
user1: Oh okay, yeah I'm not  a big scifi fan but there are a few movies I still enjoy in that genre.
user1: Is it a long movie?
user2: Doesn't say how long it is. 
user2: The Rotten Tomatoes score is  86%
user1: Wow, that's impressive. I like to look at Rotten Tomatoes when debating whether or not to see a movie. Do you know the director?
user2: Something about Dom Cobb infiltrates peoples dreams in a dream world. 
user2: The director is Christopher nolan
user2: Heard of him? 
user2: Wow I thought this was recent but it came out in 2009.
user1: He directed The Dark Knight which I enjoy. Yeah, I know it's been out awhile but 2009 does seem to be a while back now. Time flies. 
user1: Do you know if it won any awards?
user1: or how much it made at the box office?
user2: Oh wow I loved the dark night movies. And it doesn't say if it's won awards or how much at box office. 
user2: A critic did say it could be "weirder"
user1: The concept seems interesting and it has a good lead actor as well as director and reviews. I think it must be good. The plot does seem weird, that's for sure.
user2: Tom Hardy is in the movie as the character Earnes. And yeah the plot is a bit strange. 
user2: I might watch this movie now. 
user1: I think I may as well. I can't say I've heard of Tom Hardy however. Is there any other supporting actors?
user2: Oh Earnes is a sharp tongue associate of Cobb. 
user2: Ellen Page
user1: Oh, cool. I am familiar with her. She's in a number of good movies and is great.
user2: She plays Ariadne , she is a graduate student that constructs the dreamscapes,  they're like mazes. 
user1: Hmm interesting. Do you know if it's an action movie or mostly just scifi? 
user2: Says scientific
user1: Certainly seems unique. Do you know if it is based off a book or a previous work?
user2: Something about at the end  he has trouble determining which is reality and which is a dream. It doesn't say it's based off anything. 
user1: Sounds like it might be suspense/thriller as well as scifi which is cool. It seems pretty confusing but enticing. Makes me want to see it to try and figure it all out.
user2: Yeah its like its got a bit of mystery too.  Trying to figure out what's real and what's not. 
user1: I can't think of any other movie or even book that has a related story either which makes it very interesting. A very original concept.
user2: Yeah well have great day. :)

conversation:
user1: Hi there!
user2: Hello!
user1: Have you seen Inception before?
user2: I have, and thoroughly enjoyed it.  How about you?
user1: It's been awhile, but I've seen it too. It was really good!
user2: I had partly forgotten about the love story aspect of the film.  You?
user1: Somewhat. I haven't seen it in a few years.
user1: But reading the introduction makes me want to watch it again!
user2: I haven't seen it since it came out, I don't think.  I just remember loving the dream aspect of the film.  Reading the introduction makes me want to watch it again too!
user1: It's definitely an original idea.
user2: Indeed.
user1: I like how every dream seems like it starts in the middle of the action, just like real dreams
user2: Me too!  I also loved how Ariadne had to construct each dream level
user1: Do you remember the train that plows through downtown LA?
user2: No, I had forgotten about that part entirely.
user1: :)
user1: I remember jumping in my seat because it was so startling.
user2: I remember jumping quite a bit during Inception!
user1: I don't agree with the fact that the document says the genre is "scientific". I think the movie's more of a thriller.
user2: I think they meant to say "Science Fiction"
user2: There is certainly a thriller aspect to it, but it's solidly sci-fi
user1: That's true.
user1: Do you remember your favorite scene?
user2: I think my favorite bit was actually at the end, when you're not sure if Dom is in reality or not...when the scene cuts away from the top before you know if it stops spinning or not.
user1: Ooh, I loved seeing that part in the theater! As soon as the screen cut to black, you could hear everyone's frustration!
user2: yes!  
user1: I really liked when everyone woke up on the plane. You get so invested in the dream layers, that you forget where it all started.
user2: Yes, each dream layer was a world in itself!
user1: Do you like sci-fi movies in general?
user2: I do.  I adore sci-fi. You?
user2: I think we're on the last page of the document
user1: I love it too. I also enjoy movies that mess with your mind, or give you something you weren't expecting.
user1: Yeah, I'm pretty sure we're done.
user2: Me too.  The more unexpected, the better!

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi
user1: So the movie we're talking about is Inception
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: What is the movie about? I haven't seen it
user1: The movie is a scientific movie about people who infiltrate the subconscious of individuals and obtain information in the dream world. Basically they enter into someone's dreams to find out information.
user2: Seems like an interesting movie, have you watched it?
user1: Yeah, I've seen it. It's directed by Christopher Nolan if you've heard of him.
user1: I think he also directed The Dark Knight among other things
user1: Inception also has a rotten tomatoes score of 86% which is really high.
user2: I love his movies, his a pretty good director, what about the cast of the movie?
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio is in it along with Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Ellen Page, and Tom Hardy. All pretty big names.
user2: Yeah, pretty good actors. 
user2: I like their movies as well
user2: sounds like a good combination
user2: what about the other movie ratings?
user1: IMDB rates it 8.8/10
user1: Which is also pretty high I think
user1: Do you want to know more of the plot or a scene?
user2: Yeah it seems like a high rating, what was your favorite scene?
user1: So there's this scene where multiple people are going into a dream. So they need to have someone "kick" them awake at the same time to escape. However, someone gets wounded in the dream and are almost dying and they get sent into "limbo".
user2: and what happens if the die in the dream? what are the consequences of this
user1: They basically are stuck there until someone can wake them up in the real world. So in the movie, even though it was only a few hours of real time, two of the characters spent fifty years in the "limbo" world, where they had to construct it based on their shared memories.
user2: And whats the role of Leonardo Di Caprio in this film?
user2: Im guessing he has the leading role
user1: Yeah he's the lead actor. His name is Dom Cobb and he specializes in conning secrets from victims in their dreams.
user1: One more thing about the "limbo" world is that eventually people forget that the world they are in is not real.
user1: So they can't distinguish between a dream and what is real.
user1: Even when they "wake up" in a dream, they are still in the dream even if they don't realize it.
user2: Seems like a really interesting concept
user2: Im getting interested in the movie
user2: so far the plot seems great and the cast seems pretty good as well
user2: also the director
user1: Yeah it's a pretty quality movie
user1: I can tell you more about the plot if you want?
user2: Yeah, that would be great
user2: tell me more about it
user1: So there are things called totems
user1: They basically are an object that reminds someone that they are dreaming
user1: something that roots them to the real world
user2: Interesting, I think I will give the movie a chance and watch it, It seems worth my while.

conversation:
user1: The Inception was given a Rotten Tomatoes rating of 86%.
user1: I see Leonardo DiCaprio starred in it as well as Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Ellen Page and Tom Hardy.
user2: 86% is a fair rating.  I felt that this movie was excellent but somewhat 'heady'.  I could see why it isn't everyone's cup of tea.  What rating would you give Inception?
user1: I agree. 86% seems fair. 
user1: There were some interesting characters in this movie. What character did you relate to most?
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio was compelling in the role of Dom.  The Inception seems like a tailor fit role for DiCaprio.  I enjoyed his performance but found that the plot was so inventive that I had a hard time relating directly to any of the characters.  It seemed too divorced from reality.
user2: Did this movie make you ponder the origins of your own thoughts?
user1: Well, it was interesting, to say the least. The idea of planting something into another persons subconscious made me think for sure. 
user1: It was pretty "out there".
user1: Do you like scientific movies?
user2: I adore them.  The more "out there" the better.  
user1: Did you notice the complexity of the dreamscapes in the movie? I thought it was very inventive.
user2: I'm having a hard time recalling some of the specifics.  It's hard to believe this film is almost 10 years old already!  I do recall them growing increasingly more complex and dream like the deeper they went though.
user1: Did you notice in each dream there was a "kick"?
user2: I did, I loved it!  It was like a dreamy Rube Goldberg contraption.  
user2: Can you imagine yourself in a similar scenario?  They must have had a tremendous amount of trust for each other.  If anything went wrong they could have ended up in 'limbo'.  
user1: I couldn't imagine it. Sounds very risky. Especially if the dreamer dies in the dream before the sedative wears off.
user2: If the dreamer died and you end up in 'limbo', where do you think that is?  All of the extractors are living within that consciousness, what would become of them?  (since if he dies, that consciousness will cease to exist.)
user1: Good question, and very thought provoking. In the movie they just went into limbo but I suppose the subconscious dreams would have to adjust to fit the new scenario. It would be scary to have the possibility of forgetting that you are in a dream at all. Do you think it would be worth the potential setback?
user2: I think that possibility is much greater than a setback.  I took it to mean that all the extractors as well as the subject would be trapped forever.  In that way it seems much too risky.  The aim is to plant an idea in someones mind without their realizing it, almost like mind control.  I think it would me much easier, and less risky, to sit and negotiate with someone.  Although, that's not at all subversive.  
user1: Good point. What did you think about what happened to Mal?
user2: Mal's conflict is pivotal to this film.  For all the layers of intrigue we have diving down into the dreams of the target, Mal's actions plant the idea in our minds that there could be many layers above as well.  Is the reality we began this film in reality at all?  What do you think?
user1: Reality as we know it can be hard. If there was an alternate reality available that was more enjoyable I could see where Mal would want to believe it was the "real" reality. The dreams would have to be extremely detailed and believable to be that convinced. Since Mal committed suicide to attempt to "wake up" for real, I assume the beginning reality was the "real" one. Do you think Cobb should face murder charges for Mal's death?
user2: Absolutely not, the audience knows the real truth.
user1: I tend to agree. 
user1: It's a good thing Ariadne had the kick setup for Fischer to wake up.
user2: It is a good thing they didn't get trapped.  Memories of a dying parent would be very strong.  Would a new memory like this make you change your life?
user1: I think it would. I would want to honor my dying parents requests. How about you?
user2: I would too.  Would you stay in a dream forever if it were the reality you loved?  
user1: It would certainly be tempting! How odd would it be to know you are in a dream yet you are getting older, living a whole life? Waking up, you'd be much younger then in the dream. Do you think that would make it more difficult to believe that it is the actual reality?
user2: Well, it depends.  I'm growing older right now but I believe this is reality.  I'd certainly be happy to die, but then wake up a younger man!  But I have no difficulty believing this is reality because I don't know any better right now.  If I did know this was a dream I'd be happy to stay here because I'd get to live a whole extra life before my next.  What would you do?
user1: Honestly, I'm not sure but I think it would make my mind play trick on me. "Wait, I just lived my life. How can I now be in a different one?" It would definitely hard to grasp.
user1: What did you think of the spinning top totem?
user2: I thought it was the perfect cinematic device.  The spinning creates so much anticipation for what comes next.  Will it fall over, won't it?  Puts you on the edge of your seat.
user2: What kind of totem do you think you would have?
user1: I think an eight ball would be exciting and create anticipation. 

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: hello
user2: I've seen this movie before
user1: i have not i  heard it was good though
user1: I like any movie that has leonardo dicaprio tho
user2: Yes, it is hard to understand in the beginning but you get hooked later on
user1: Is it an action movie?
user2: yes
user2: it's a thriller/science fiction movie
user1: oh ok.  

conversation:
user2: What do you think of DiCaprio's character? Do you view him as a good or bad guy at the start of the movie?
user1: I saw him as the good guy.  I really liked him.
user1: What did you think of how they made the inside of the dreams look?
user1: Do you think this will be something that one day science can do?
user2: I never seen anything like it really, i thought it was great. I doubt anything like that will exist in our time.
user1: I wasn't surprised, were you, that the businessman wanted to use it for really bad reasons.  I can't see a good way to use this.
user2: Corporate espionage doesn't sound like something a good guy would do, would it?
user1: NO, you're right about that.
user1: But otherwise, he seemed like a nice guy.  I wonder why he chose this line of work!
user2: Did you look at the movies as a romantic film or more of an action film?
user1: Oh, I only saw it as an action film.  I understand the bits about his...romantic parts.
user1: Do you think Ellen Page did well as Ariadne?
user1: What did you think about the whole airplane thing?  That was crazy.
user1: It blew my mind that each person working in the dream was a creator of one of the dreams that they were in.  I wonder how they kept it all straight while they were dreaming.  
user2: That was an intricate plot. Would you have rather been in the dream state or the person in charge of administering the kick?
user1: If I could handle it, the kick.  But i think you have to be great at lucid dreaming, and I'm not.
user1: :(
user1: I thought it was neat how Fischer knew it might happen and made precautions in his head.
user1: Wouldn't that be crazy to have to think of things like that to protect your business!!!
user1: Not just in real life but also while you're sleeping!
user1: Do you think the limbo really existed or it was something they were only guessing at?
user2: It would be crazy. Getting trapped in limbo doesnt sound like fun either.
user2: Could you imagine being in limbo for 50 years!
user1: I cannot imagine spending 50 years in a dream!
user1: fifty years!  what if you just couldn't wake up!?
user1: would you be sad when you woke?
user1: I don't think, after spending that much time dreaming, i'd really want to wake at all.  I'd do what Mal did.
user2: Of course i would. It is like waking up tomorrow and realizing this world was just a dream state.
user1: i never could wrap my head around the ending.  it's nice to see it explained.
user2: Cobb had to remind her that it was all a dream, that was one heck of a wake up call!
user1: horrible!
user1: i would feel awful if I were in Cobb's place and it was my spouse that killed themselves thinking it would @wake@ them up!
user2: Yeah that wasn't a very happy part. Kind of dragged my emotions on a roller coaster.
user1: I didn't quite understand how Saito wound up in limbo, though.  Yeah, after all that, I'd have to be on antidepressants
user2: When he joins his children, thats him giving up and calling ir quits right?
user1: That's how I understood it.
user1: Can't say I blame him
user1: i'd rather pretend it was real no matter what and be with my kids
user2: So the spinning top means he is in fact in a dream?
user1: i wonder how he could feel okay with himself digging into people's minds for their secrets.  Yeah, if it spins indefinitely, and it never topples, then he's dreaming.
user1: they said he ignored the result, but they didn't say what it was and i don't recall.
user1: interesting, nonetheless.  that was one mind-blowing movie
user2: Maybe it fell over after the camera stopped rolling :)
user1: might have indeed.  i wonder why they chose the spinning top as his totum

conversation:
user1: hello, are you familiar with how to do this task?
user2: YES
user2: I've done a few
user1: okay. i have yet to do one. trying to figure this out
user2: Just discuss the content, make statements etc about whhat we see now, then when the new paragraph gets added talk about that, supposedly it refreshes after we exchange X amount of messages.
user2: Well it has Leo DiCaprio in it so it's probably good lol.  
user1: YEah, tom hardy as Eames is prolly really different. I always remember him from batman
user2: Cool concept with them having to infiltrate a persons subconscious.  
user1: I agree, his character seems similar to the one he played in catch me if you can
user2: yes indeed
user1: It's really interesting that ellen page is recruited to construct dreamscapes
user2: got a pretty good rating
user2: Taking someone into a shared dream, not that's a cool concept.  
user1: yeah, 86 percent. i like most cristopher nolan movies. especially batman
user2: yes he is quite talented.  
user1: yeah, it really is. i have liked almost all of nolans movies.
user2: Very unique story line they have here.  Scene No.1 really sets the stage andbuilds interest
user1: yeah, being attacked by projections seems neat
user2: Dream sharing technology...  fifty years in a dream.  wow
user1: yeah, shifting realities are so fascinating 
user2: for sure
user2: sending into limbo, not quite grasping that in the scene paragraph
user1: multi level dreams also, different dimensions. all seem like they could happen
user2: yeah you are right
user1: sucks they framed cobb for her death in scene 2
user2: Yeah, makes it interesting though
user2: At least he made peace with it (Cobb)
user1: yeah, facing a murder charge, woah
user1: why do you think he joins his children in the garden?
user2: not sure
user2: any ideas?
user1: try to escape the dreams, prove he is in the real world to himself
user2: oh yes
user2: of course
user1: crazy they all awake on the plane. sounds like such a neat movie
user2: Must see
user1: yeah, science is a great genre. especially ones with these kinds of scenes and depth
user2: Had to use a spinning top to figure out reality vs dream
user1: yeah, such a cool concept
user2: probably will watch it tonight now lol
user1: me also. i cant really remember it

conversation:
user1: Hey
user2: hello
user1: How are you doing?
user2: I'm good thanks
user1: So, the movie we’re discussing today is...
user1: Inception
user2: are you a fan of Leonardo dicaprio?
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: I haven't. You?
user1: Sure, I’m a fan. Not like a super fan tho.
user1: I have, I watched it for the first time last year.
user2: how would you rate it?
user1: Honestly, 4 of 5
user2: the average rating here is 8/10
user1: One of my friend told me it’s the smartest film he’s ever watched, but there are some plot holes that just make it unenjoyable.
user2: I should really check it out\
user1: How about you?
user1: What have you heard of it?
user2: I haven't heard anything 
user1: Right. I was just seeing that it came out in 2009
user1: Wow, the film is almost 10 years old already
user2: is i sci fi?
user1: Yes. Heavy sci fi
user2: it seems to be in the scientific category
user1: It’s more of a thriller I guess
user2: Not usually the type of movie I watch
user2: but now I'm interested
user1: I see. If you’ve seen any Christopher Nolan film already, you should check it put tho
user1: Have you seen any of his films?
user2: no
user1: Interstellar?
user1: Dark knight?
user2: no I tried batman but couldn't get into it
user1: It’s an acquired taste, I guess.
user1: Great chat!
user1: Bye

conversation:
user1: the document i got is on the movie inception, that came out in 2009
user1: have you seen it?
user2: No, I have not seen it
user2: What does the document say
user1: it highlights some of the cast and gives  a short intro synopsis about the film, along with the ratings the film got
user1: here is the synopsis
user1: Dominick "Dom" Cobb and Arthur are "extractors", who perform corporate espionage using anexperimental military technology to infiltrate the subconscious of their targets and extract valuableinformation through a shared dream world. Their latest target, Japanese businessman Saito,reveals that he arranged their mission himself to test Cobb for a seemingly impossible job: plantingan idea in a person's subconscious, or "inception". To break up the energy conglomerate of ailingcompetitor Maurice Fischer, Saito wants Cobb to convince Fischer's son and heir, Robert, todissolve his father's company.
user2: Looks, like it could be either very good or a snooze
user1: it stars leonardo dicaprio and joseph gordon levitt, it is actually one of my favorite movies ever and not sure if you have heard the theories around this film, but it is very complicated to understand and i recommend watching it at least twice if you have any interest
user1: its kinda long i think i forget the run time but at least 2 hours 
user2: Will check it out, I like both actors
user1: i will share some critical responses that this document contains so you have some other opinions
user1: "wildly ingenious chess game," "the result is a knockout."● "DiCaprio, who has never been better as the tortured hero, draws you in with a love storythat will appeal even to non-sci-fi fans."● "I found myself wishing Inception were weirder, further out ... the film is Nolan's labyrinth allthe way, and it's gratifying to experience a summer movie with large visual ambitions andwith nothing more or less on its mind than (as Shakespeare said) a dream that hath nobottom."● "have no idea what so many people are raving about. It's as if someone went into theirheads while they were sleeping and planted the idea that Inception is a visionarymasterpiece and—hold on ... Whoa! I think I get it. The movie is a metaphor for the powerof delusional hype—a metaphor for itself."
user1: forgot to mention that christopher nolan directed it
user2: I seem to recall something about it, was talked about by my coworkers, said it was a bit trippy and like you said have to see it more than once to get it
user1: yeah definitely, the first time you see it you will be like what did i just watch haha but after the second or third time things make a lot more sense
user2: My problem is I see a good preview of a movie and if I don't see it right away I forget about it. Luckily these days Netflix and Prime help with that
user1: haha true
user1: i have a note in my notes app of movies / shows i want to see and eventually try to get through them i recommend making a list
user2: Yeah always mean to do it but never do. 
user2: Besides my wife always seems to hog the tv with hallmark and lifetime and does not like anything violent
user1: haha my girlfriend the same way
user1: although there isnt too too much violence in this movie, though it is an action film
user2: I seem to recall something about an apartment in something that looked like Chinatown
user2: Or could be wrong and thinking something else
user1: hmm that i do not recall
user1: the document updated and provided me with detail of key scenes would you like me to share them with you?
user1: it may spoil parts of the movie so just let me know
user2: I like to watch a lot of movies and tend to get them mixed up at times. Yes I would like to see them
user1: When the elder Fischer dies in Sydney, Robert Fischer accompanies the body on a ten-hour flight back to Los Angeles, which the team (including Saito, who wants to verify theirsuccess) uses as an opportunity to sedate and take Fischer into a shared dream. At eachdream level, the person generating the dream stays behind to set up a "kick" that will beused to awaken the other sleeping team members from the deeper dream level; to besuccessful, these kicks must occur simultaneously at each dream level, a fact complicateddue to the nature of time which flows much faster in each successive level. The first level isYusuf's dream of a rainy Los Angeles. The team abducts Fischer, but they are attacked byarmed projections from Fischer's subconscious, which has been specifically trained todefend him against such intruders. The team takes Fischer and a wounded Saito to awarehouse, where Cobb reveals that while dying in the dream would normally wake Saitoup, the powerful sedatives needed to stabilize the multi-level dream will instead send adying dreamer into "limbo", a world of infinite subconscious from which escape is extremelydifficult, if not almost impossible, and a dreamer risks forgetting they are in a dream.Despite these setbacks, the team continues with the mission.2. Cobb reveals to Ariadne that he and Mal went to Limbo while experimenting with the dream-sharing technology. Sedated for a few hours of real time, they spent fifty years in a dreamconstructing a world from their shared memories. When Mal refused to return to reality,Cobb used a rudimentary form of inception by reactivating her totem (an object dreamersuse to distinguish dreams from reality) and reminding her subconscious that their world wasnot real. However, when she woke up, Mal still believed that she was dreaming. In anattempt to "wake up" for real, Mal committed suicide and framed Cobb for her death to forcehim to do the same. Facing a murder charge, Cobb fled the U.S., leaving his children in thecare of Professor Miles.3. Through his confession, Cobb makes peace with his guilt over Mal's death. Ariadne killsMal's projection and wakes Fischer up with a kick. Revived at the mountain hospital,Fischer enters a safe room to discover and accept the planted idea: a projection of his dyingfather telling him to be his own man. While Cobb remains in Limbo to search for Saito, theother team members ride the synchronized kicks back to reality. Cobb eventually finds anaged Saito in Limbo and reminds him of their agreement. The dreamers all awake on theplane and Saito makes a phone call.Upon arrival at Los Angeles Airport, Cobb passes the U.S. immigration checkpoint andProfessor Miles accompanies him to his home. Using his totem—a spinning top that spinsindefinitely in a dream world but falls over in reality—Cobb conducts a test to prove that heis indeed in the real world, but he ignores its result and instead joins his children in thegarden.
user2: I got the last part of it cant seem to scroll up to read the full thing. starts with "remains in Limbo to search for Saito". Why were they in the dream world in the first place to steal something?
user1: Through his confession, Cobb makes peace with his guilt over Mal's death. Ariadne killsMal's projection and wakes Fischer up with a kick. Revived at the mountain hospital,Fischer enters a safe room to discover and accept the planted idea: a projection of his dyingfather telling him to be his own man. While Cobb
user1: that is the top piece before "remains in limbo"
user1: they go into a dream to obtain information from various individuals that have highly confident info
user1: at a high level. but it is very complex
user2: Now makes a little more sense, will have to see this one when the kids are not around and have some piece and quiet. Cant watch this type of movie otherwise if I miss parts. Let me tell you enjoy movies now cause once you have kids you'll be a watching a lot of spongebob lol
user1: haha thanks for the advice
user2: have you done this hit before?
user1: no ive never done one like this
user1: how about you?
user2: Pays well and easy, first for me as well. Looks like we can finish. It was nice talking to you.
user1: likewise, take care

conversation:
user1: I like the concept at the same time it makes you think of the ramifications of someone actually being able to infiltrate your mind. 
user2: I just watched inception and I liked how they portrayed the extractors (Dicaprio's) team in the movie.
user1: The movie does have an interesting plat 
user1: plot
user2: I thought ellen page did a good job with the dream construction sequences
user1: so do you think he will accomplish his goal and of dissolving the company 
user1: I think the love story has an added romanticism feature that will draw in spouses to the sci fi experience 
user2: There is definitely a love story in there that makes it more than just another sci fi movie

conversation:
user1: Hey, have you seen Inception?
user2: I havent. what is is about?
user1: I have but it was super confusing!
user2: I have heard that there was alot of twists and turns but I personally havent seen it yet.
user1: I love him too. He did a great job.
user2: I know Leo Dicaprio was in it and did a really good job.
user1: I think I'd have to watch it a few times to understand.
user1: I'm here.
user2: I will have to watch it. It sounds really interesting
user2: Is it classified as a thriller or mystery do you know?
user1: I think a little bit of both.
user1: There was a lot of mysterious action.
user2: Who else plays in it with him?
user1: Joseph Gordon-Levitt.

conversation:
user1: Hello how are you today?
user2: Great how are you?
user1: I am good. Have you seen the movie The Inception?

conversation:
user2: This sounds like an interesting movie.  Christopher Nolan does a good job directing it sounds like.
user1: As a fan of sci-fi, this movie definitely piqued my curiosity. Delving into other people's dreams using secret military tech and changing their minds from the inside? Awesome. Nolan usually knows how to weave a story.
user2: I'm familiar with all the actors, except Ellen Page, but it sounds like they all do a good job from the 8.1 rating it got.
user1: Ellen Page is a young up and comer. I know her from some work she's done in video games. Solid actress, and the cast worked well together.
user2: It said DiCaprio played the tortured hero.  That would be an interesting role for him.
user1: That last review made me laugh, even though it sounds a bit try-hard in its sarcasm.
user2: Yeah, I couldn't tell if it was serious or not, but you're right that it sounds like sarcasm.
user1: Labeling the genre as "scientific" seems odd to me as well. What the heck kind of genre for a movie is that?
user2: Haha, I didn't even notice that until now.  You would think it would say "science fiction" instead.
user1: What a great cast overall though. Hardy, DiCaprio, and Gordon-Levitt is definitely a pretty elite group of relevant actors.
user1: I love that the world is so fleshed out. It's great to see such thought put into something new like this, rather than just building on what's already out there.
user2: Yeah, I'm trying to figure out if there are any true villains in this movie.
user1: That's a good point. I guess the villain's are challenge based instead of actually people. Nifty.
user2: Saito apparently set the whole thing up himself.
user1: I think it's interesting that Fischer not only knew about this tech but apparently underwent some training to work against it, as well. 
user2: Dying in a dream and not waking up would be freaky.  I've never died in a dream.  I heard it was impossible, but it says that Cobb died in his dream.
user1: Thankfully, I've always been a bit of a lucid dreamer. Even as a kid I could change nightmares into harmless dreams. But this limbo thing sounds freaky. It would be nuts not being to tell the difference between dreams and reality.
user2: Yeah, it says Mal committed suicide because she thought she was dreaming and wanted to get out of the dream.
user1: Poor Cob. You obviously wouldn't be able to use the limbo/dream state as an excuse in a court. 
user2: They were only sedated for a few hours but I guess it seemed like 50 years in dream world.
user2: I don't think Cobb could be blamed or the suicide though
user1: That's one way to extend your life, I suppose. If didn't... you know... drive you to suicide and all that.
user1: Knowing how Nolan tells stories, I love how it ends without you knowing if Cobb is still in a dream or not. Classic.
user2: I didn't even understand that part yet, haha.
user1: I could see that pissing off a lot of people though.
user2: It sounds like Fischer is told that his father wants him to be his own man
user2: Yeah, movies with questions at the end of them does anger people sometimes.
user1: So mission successful. Interesting that it uses some pretty shady tech to come to a good outcome.
user2: Yeah, it sounds like it could never happen in real life even with all the new technology.
user2: It would definitely give someone power though if they could control your subconscience.
user1: I don't know... there's some pretty crazy mind reading tech out there right now. There is literally stuff that can read brainwaves and reproduce the image on a screen. Doesn't seem all that much of a leap to "convince" someone of what they are thinking.
user2: Hmm, that's dangerous.
user2: So at the end Cobb ignores the result and then it never tells the audience whether he is in a dream or not?
user1: That's what it looks like, yeah.
user2: Huh, yeah I would wish for a more definite ending.
user1: Yeah, I don't mind endings up for interpretation, but in this case it would be nice to at least give an indication one way or the other.
user2: I still don't know how Cobb is faced with a murder charge if it was suicide.
user1: I think they set it up so that you couldn't really tell.
user2: So basically he's being framed for the murder, but he can't prove it.
user1: That seems like a pretty crappy card to be dealt, for sure.
user2: Yeah, well I don't know what else to say about it.  Should we end the conversation?
user1: Sounds good. I think I've said everything as well. Good conversation!

conversation:
user1: Hi. How are you?
user2: Hello, we are talking about the movie Inception today.
user1: Really? Is it any good?
user2: It was rated highly on rotten tomatoes and IMDB, both over 80%.  It is a good story about a complex futuristic mind control technology.
user1: Interesting. Who is in it? Anyone good?
user2: It has some pretty big names.  Leonardo DiCaprio is the lead, and the supporting actors are Joseph Gordon-Levitt, and Ellen Page.  They are all really good in the movie.
user1: I like Leonardo DiCaprio's newer work. He grew up a lot. He is a lot better than he used to be. I'm not sure if I can place the other two names. Is it an action movie?
user2: The basic plot is that there is a technology that can enter the subconscious mind of another person, and the idea of the title, Inception, is that they can potentially spark an initial subconscious thought in the person that will then lead them down a thought path towards a decision they want the person to make in the future.
user2: Joseph Gordon-Levitt has been in many things, but is most known as the long haired kid in the sitcom Third rock from the sun.  Ellen Page was also acting from a young age in many movies, many of them romantic comedy types.
user1: Wow. That sounds like an interesting flick. It sounds like it might be hard to follow the plot. It sounds pretty complicated. I've never watched Third Rock From the Sun. I'm also not big into romantic comedies. I've heard that she was good in Juno, but I've never seen it.
user2: It is a movie that requires some thought.  It gets very complicated when they are in scenes that take place in a shared dream world.  Gets hard to tell what is real and what is not.
user1: Shared dreaming? That sounds pretty out there. I do enjoy a good movie that requires some thought, if I'm in the right mood.
user2: It is very interesting how they try to plant a simple notion in a persons head, that will later down the road lead the person to take a specific action.  
user1: Do they use drugs or machines to plant the ideas or is it all done with the mind, like psychically?
user2: I think they kidnap and sedate the person, and use a machine of some sort to hook into his mind
user1: When they did the shared dreaming thing, did they hook everyone up to the same machine? When they're hooked up to the machine, do they plant orders to assassinate people like in the Manchurian Candidate?
user2: It gets very complicated when the team enters the persons dream world.  There are risks to all of them that they can become fooled into forgetting where they are, and never be able to get out of it.  There are levels of depth to the persons dream, and each level deeper gets riskier
user1: They go into different dream levels? How do they get out? Do they have someone helping them from the outside? 
user2: It is more like gently subconscious suggestions.  Here they ultimately want a very rich man to split up his huge company into separate divisions and they do this by planting seeds of doubt in his mind about various people and situations
user2: Yes, I think there is a team member who stays outside to keep them all safe and monitor everything.
user1: Why do they want to split the company? 
user2: To weaken it for eventual takeover I think.  There is also this issue that they could get lost in the dream, and the several of them have had it happen before, and were lucky to escape, so the risk of it happening again is really big.
user1: I wonder if it's something like the longer they stay in the dream, the more likely they are to forget who they are or forget the real world.
user2: I think also time is way different in the dream world.  The main character and his girlfriend once got trapped in it, and lived a 50 year lifetime inside.  While he got out eventually, and then got her out, she lost her grip on reality and killed herself.  So the dangers of going in are really serious.
user1: Wow. That must be hard to deal with. You would seriously have to weigh the risk against the rewards of going into someone else's dream. Then there is also the obvious ethical dilemma of whether or not you SHOULD go into someone else's dream and plant ideas.
user2: Very true.  I guess that is what the movie so good.  So many complex ethical issues.  Anyways, if you have not seen it, you should!
user1: I think that I might have to check it out some time!
user1: Is there anything else interesting about the movie? How's the music?

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: Hello, the movie we're supposed to talk about is Inception.
user1: great
user2: It's about a team of thieves who go into people's dreams to steal their secrets.  Sounds pretty interesting.
user1: tell me more about it
user2: It stars Leonardo Dicaprio, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Ellen Page, and Tom Hardy
user1: those are good actors 
user2: It also has an 8.8 rating on IMDB, which is really good, though it has some mixed responses from critics.
user1: how long is the movie?
user2: I'm not sure, it doesn't say here.
user1: sounds interesting
user1: whats the rating PG, R?
user2: I'm not sure on that one either
user1: what are the responses from critics?
user1: good?
user1: bad?
user2: some liked it, some thought it was over-rated.  I guess it didn't live up to the hype for some people.
user2: do you generally enjoy science fiction movies?
user1: good to know
user1: not much but sounds interesting
user2: ahh
user2: well, this one sounds different from the usual sci-fi so you might still enjoy it
user1: I would be kinda of curious about a movie plot like that
user2: yeah it's pretty interesting
user1: I wonder if some people be afraid of falling asleep
user1: probably
user2: There is a scene in the movie where they find out that if they die in the dream, they can be stuck in limbo
user1: it got a good rating on IMDB 
user2: yep, 8.8.  I think anything that gets over a 7 is usually pretty good
user1: LOL
user1: that six
user1: sux
user1: I normally ask around for good movies
user1: and anything above a 7 I would also watch it
user1: I dislike searching for movies. I prefer suggestions!
user1: I love Leo DiCaprio so I would watch it
user2: yeah I have a hard time picking out movies sometimes
user2: but this sounds like one I would watch
user2: interesting plot, good cast
user1: I may consider watching it 
user1: well, I guess we are done with the chat about the movie inception.
user2: Cool, I hope you enjoy it!  I guess that's all I can say without spoiling too much of the movie.
user1: thanks for chatting
user2: yeah, nice talking to you.
user2: cya
user1: c ya

conversation:
user1: HAI!!
user2: Hii
user2: How r u man???WhatsApp???
user1: AM FYN . WHAT ABOUT YOU ??
user2: How is the film ???
user1: IT WAS NICE
user2: Am also fine
user1: OKIEE
user2: I watched the film last night
user1: OH K FYN HOW IS IT
user2: It a great movie . It's a class movie and must participate for Oscar
user1: ARE YOU FROM???
user1: Hmmm
user2: India .U???.In our country this films show in limited cities
user1: yeah mee to am from india
user2: Where???
user1: from tamil nadu
user2: My favourite actor in Hollywood is DiCaprio.that the main reason for watching this film
user1: who is the director of the flim?
user2: Kerala.
user1: ohh really
user2: That's nice.
user1: wow nice place .
user2: This film director is Christopher nolan.he done his job very much.and also all other actors also done a great job
user2: This store is excellent
user1: Hmmm 
user1: upon arrival at los sngeles airport 
user2: What your opinion about this film
user1: it was nice

conversation:
user2: inception was a great movie
user1: Hi,It is
user1: I watched it couple of years ago
user2: leonardo dicaprio plays his role really well
user1: He is awesome in it.
user2: and it seems like the critics love it
user1: yes!!
user2: how do you think the plot was
user1: I think the plot was good. What about you?
user2: yes me too
user1: That is awesome!!
user2: looking back on the plot on the page made me remember some great stuff from the movie
user1: Nice!!I always love scientific movies.
user2: yes they always have my intress
user1: Lots of common interests!!
user2: yes any other actor that stod out to you?
user1: I like Joseph and Ellen Page as well!!
user2: yes they both had cool roles in the story
user1: True , my friend!!
user2: what did you like about the second key scene?
user1: I like the dream sharing part.
user2: yes I would like to have that in real life lol
user1: That will be cool!!
user2: the last bit of the plot is great
user1: I agree wth you 
user2: what do you think about that spining top
user1: I am not sure, Do you have any idea?
user2: not really lol it seems weird
user1: Same here!!
user2: any thing else you like about the film
user2: if not i had fun 

conversation:
user2: do you see the document?
user2: I can not see it
user1: Yeah I see the document, was just reading further instructions.
user1: Have you seen the movie Inception before?
user2: I am sorry Ill abort they seem to have issues

conversation:
user2: This movie seems exciting, what are your thoughts? 
user1: It seems a bit outlandish, I don't normally watch scientific movies. What made you approach this movie to watch?
user2: Honestly, I am not a big fan of scientific movies as well. I recognized the actor right away so it caught my attention. I like how critics claim DiCaprio as "never been better." That made me want to watch it also. 
user1: I more or less just wanted to see Joseph Gordon-Levtit preform since he's a great supporting actor.
user1: Did you like any parts of the story?
user2: Yes, indeed! I do like how the story line seems suspenseful. I enjoy suspense or movies that keep you guessing. 
user2: Did the rating bring you any concerns? 
user1: The ratings seemed fairly high so I came into it thinking the movie would be a real bluckbuster but it was lackluster for me.
user1: I did really enjoy the use of mazes in the story, cause the mind is like one big maze

conversation:
user2: Hey There
user2: Is anyone there?
user1: Hi! What did you think about the movie Inception? I loved Leonardo DiCaprio as the main character.
user2: I loved it! 
user2: I love anything with Leonardo DiCaprio, I think he is a great actor, How about you?
user1: I agree. The movie really made me think about if it would be possible to plant ideas into someone's subconscious mind.
user2: Oh gosh. That would be scary. But cool too. Im not sure i would want to do that though. Im gonna have to think about it lol. Wait a second....... You actually kinda can.. SO maybe the movie was more realistic than you thought lol. 
user2: So since you liked the movie, do you agree with it's rating?
user1: Could be...I think it definitely deserved an 8.1 out of 10. It was a love story and a sci-fi movie all at once; it had something for all kinds of audiences.
user2: That's my kind of movies! One topic kind of bores me. I need variety. lol
user2: Have you ever seen Leo's performance in "What's Eating Gilbert Grape"??
user1: I think we're supposed to talk only about Inception. Have you seen any other movies directed by Christopher Nolan?
user2: Oh you may be right. I actually havent. Not that im aware of?
user2: It is possible. I never pay much attention to the Director's. Only the movie itsself. Actor's and storyline.
user2: Are you a fan of his movies or something?
user1: Me too, I thought it was crazy how the villian Saito arranged the mission himself just to test Cobb to see if he could actually do the inception.
user2: Oh me too! Great scene
user2: Is there anything you would have changed about the ending?
user1: No, I don't think so. What do you think of the idea that time flows faster in each successive level of dream? 
user2: Oh gosh i dont know. Dreams freak me out.
user2: Not sure i like the idea of ideas being planted in my head while im sleeping though. what about you??
user1: Yeah, I think that would freak me out. Just like how in the movie Cobb tells Saito that if he dies in his dream while on sedatives he will get sent into a "limbo" like state where he won't know that he's actually dreaming.
user2: OMG. That sounds horrible. And scary.
user2: Can you imagine that happening to you?
user1: No way! I can't believe Saito went through with his multi-level inception plan despite the risks of landing in "limbo."
user2: I would rather die. 
user1: Me too. Apparently you can make it out of "limbo" though. Cobb and Mal did in the movie.
user2: Oh my gosh that sounded depressing. LMBO I didnt mean it like that. Im just saying. All of that just sounds terrifying
user2: Of course, but in real life, i'd probably get stck haha
user2: Did you think they was promoting too many cigs in the movie lol
user1: I know what you meant. I think it was really sad how Mal committed suicide because she still thought she was dreaming after she woke up from limbo.
user2: I know right! So sad!!! I wish that hadnt happened
user1: I bet she was shocked when she realized that she really wasn't dreaming! 
user2: She had that OH CRAP WHAT DID I DO moment
user2: what about the ending though with the kids in the garden what was that all about?
user1: That was a strange ending.
user1: Apparently Cobb conducted a test to see if he was still dreaming. He spun a top and supposedly if it fell over, he was in the real world.
user1: But he never even looked to see if it fell over or not. I guess he didn't want to know if he was dreaming because he was happy that he had his kids back.
user2: what on earth does spinning a top have to do with anything
user2: obviously he didnt care to be in the real world or not. he was content huh
user1: That was his own little "totem" or test. I guess everyone has a test that they can use to tell if they are dreaming or not.
user1: Yeah as long as he had his kids back he didn't care if he was dreaming or not.
user2: i guess in the end thats all that matters
user1: I think he was probably awake though, since all of the other dreamers woke up on the plane.
user2: well it was nice chatting with u! :)
user1: You too

conversation:
user2: hii How did you like the movie?
user1: I enjoyed it, it had some nice twist and turns. You?
user1: Did you agree with all of the critical responses?
user1: Did you enjoy the performance of Leo and JGL in this movie?
user1: Hello?

conversation:
user2: hai am vanitha
user1: hi
user1: did you watch inception
user2: hmm yeah
user1: Yeah do you like scfi
user2: am like very much
user2: and you
user1: yes
user1: what did you think of the cast
user1: ??
user2: felling good

conversation:
user1: Hi how are you?  Did you like this movie?
user2: Good, you? I enjoyed this movie, although not enough to rewatch it. 
user1: i'm good thanks!  oh really?  I've seen it a few times.  Did you think Lenoardo DiCaprio was a good actor in it?
user2: DiCaprio was pretty good but I'm a bigger fan of Joseph Cordon Levitt. What did you think of his performance?
user1: I thought Joseph was really good as well.  I'm not normally fan of his, but he was outstanding in this film.  Tom Hardy really stole the show for me though.  He was hilarious and really cool.  What did you think of Tom Hardy?
user2: He had some very clever dialogue and I appreciate his delivery. It's more than I can say for Ellen Page, who I felt was a little flat for me. I thought she should have been more skeptical and resistant to the whole idea dreamscapes. What did you think of the concept?
user1: That's funny I was just about to say the same thing.  She seemed a little flast ot me as well.  I LOVED the concept of the film.  I know some people found it a bit ridiculous, but I loved how ambitious the concept and plot was.  Did you think Christoper Nolan did a good job directing?
user2: I think the directing was good but the movie was made by the visual effects of the dream world. I felt the plot itself was almost secondary to how well the movie looked.
user1: that's cool that you felt that way, but i felt the opposite.  I really loved the plot and yes the visual effects were great, but it added to the plot.  Did you think the movie overall was weird?

conversation:
user2: Hi, Sounds like an interesting movie with DiCaprio getting secrets from victims' dreams. What do you think?
user1: It got a pretty good rating on Rotten Tomatoes - 86%.
user2: DiCaprio does a great job with the love story!
user1: I'm not usually a fan of science fiction, but this one sounds like I might like it even not liking that genre.  Have you seen it?
user2: This is very interesting too that an architect is the one in charge of "constructing" the various dreamscapes. I want to see it after reading about it.
user1: The plot does seem intriguing with dream worlds and stuff.
user1: I usually like Joseph Gordon-Levitt now that he has grown up.  And DiCaprio is sometimes pretty good as well.
user2: Yes, the actors have quite interesting roles especially DiCaprio as a thief in this way
user1: I don't know if I've seen any other movies directed by Christopher Nolan.
user2: The espionage with technology is cool
user2: Wow, the level of the dreams and shared dream is a strange concept.
user1: And the use of "kicks" seems like a recipe for disaster.
user2: The subconscious as well gives it an interesting loop.
user1: Saito ending up in limbo does not sound like a fun time.  Such a complicated world, or dreams...
user2: Being in limbo is a scary concept too.  
user1: And it sounds like an interesting concept to have armed projections in your head to protect you against this type of thing.
user2: Would be interesting to have someone in another person's dreams.  It's unchartered territory.
user2: Funny to see the military technology to get into the dream world.  Scary concept too.
user2: DiCaprio as usual did a fantastic job in the movie.
user1: But at least it sounds like there is a way to protect yourself from it.
user1: Interesting that you can spend so much time in a dream world but in reality it isn't that long.  Sounds like it can really mess with you mind.  Mal committing suicide sounds like a downer.
user2: It's nice Cobb has a partner who helps out
user1: I don't understand how multiple people can get into the same dream and interact with each other.
user2: That's a strange concept that can be developed in this movie with DiCaprio's acting.
user2: Cobb revealing he went into Limbo is scary to feel like 50 years passes in a few hours.
user2: Exciting that totem can be used to distinguish the dreams from a reality.
user1: But it sounds like the totem idea isn't foolproof.  Mal didn't believe it and it sounds like Cobb doesn't in the end either.
user2: Cobbs resolves his guilt which helps the plot, though.
user1: But I don't understand his guilt.  Just that maybe he should have left her in the dream?
user2: Mal still thought she was dreaming when she woke up though
user1: It isn't his fault that she couldn't tell the difference between dream and reality - unless he kind of made her join him.
user2: She framed Cobb so that was difficult for him.

conversation:
user2: hi
user2: How are you?
user1: Good! and you?
user2: Great

conversation:
user2: Hello, have you everseen the movie Inception?
user1: I haven't. What's it about?
user2: it is a really trippy movie with Leonardo Dicaprio. They are basically in a dream world where they  can bend reality
user1: That sounds interesting. Who else is in the movie?
user2: it has ellen page and tom hardy
user2: its one of those movies that are must watch, where you to see to believe it. 
user1: It sounds different than most things I've seen. 
user2: it is hard to understan at first, but the more I watch it, the more i love it
user1: You've seen it multiple times? You like it that much? Is it a drama?
user2: more like an action drama, but it is epic
user2: ive seen it like 6 times i think
user1: Sounds like it. Do you know who the director is?
user2: Christopher Nolan
user1: Oh I like his movies a lot. Was a huge fan of the Batman franchise.
user2: Batman, I am a huge fan!!!
user1: Awesome! I look forward to checking it out
user2: If you love his movies, ull love this one
user2: I hope you like it
user1: I'm sure I will!
user1: His movies are always different than other things I've seen.
user2: yes, real mind trips
user1: Have you seen his other movies? He just did Dunkirk

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hey
user2:  Are you know inception
user1: I saw inception and was completely confused. I could hardly follow what was going on in the movie.
user1: Talk about "inception." Have you seen it?
user2: Yes ! Rating was grate
user1: I love Leonardo DiCaprio. I thought he did great.
user2: I think so.
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio as Dom Cobb, a professional thief who specializes in conning secretsfrom his victims by infiltrating their dreams.
user2: Cast : Tom Hardy as Eames, a sharp-tongued associate of Cobb.
user2: Just amazing.
user2:  I liked this
user2: Do you generally watch movies with (good/bad) ratings? 
user2: I allso love Leonardo DiCaprio.
user2: are you in online
user2: I am wait for your response
user2: Critical Response ;"wildly ingenious chess game," "the result is a knockout."● "DiCaprio, who has never been better as the tortured hero, draws you in with a love storythat will appeal even to non-sci-fi fans."

conversation:
user2: Hi there, shall we talk movies today?
user1: Sure, what movie do you have in mind?
user2: Well are you a science fiction fan? 
user1: Not particularly, but I could be persuaded to check out a film in that genre.
user2: Ok there is a really great film called Inception. I highly recommend it
user1: Interesting title,. What is it about?
user2: Its basically about teo guys who have these team who go into the dreams and mental start of people to plant ideas and different facts that help there given mission
user2: its a hard one to explain, and even trippy as you are watching. But the end results make it worth it
user1: Wow, that sounds interesting and original. Is it easy to follow or confusing?
user2: Its confusing at first...but it gets going
user2: they explain it very well
user2: people have given it a 89% rating...so its a fan fav
user1: How are the visial effects and stuff like that?
user1: are there good actors in the film?
user2: OH SOOO GOOD
user2: the visials are a mind trip
user2: Leo Dicaprio is the man guy
user2: as well as Ellen page and Josh Gordon
user1: Oh yeah he's a good one. What other movies has the director made?
user2: Chris nolan is the director
user2: he did batman
user1: Oh ok. Is it a violent movie? what is the rating?
user2: its more action then violent
user2: dont get me wrong, there is some shooting going on  and fighting
user1: Ok good to know. So it's good to watch with kids and family?
user2: but its not gory 
user1: Are there any movies you could compare this one to?
user2: it came out in 2009
user2: i think you can rent it or buy it if you want to see it
user2: thats a hard one to compare too
user2: because its fantasy/crime drama
user1: So it's totaly original and new thinking?
user2: i would say so
user1: I'll have to check it out, I wonder if it's on Netflix?
user2: it might be
user2: if not, you could check hbo
user2: or Amazon
user1: It sounds very cool I will seek it out!
user2: im very happy you will
user2: i think you'll love it
user2: Keep an open mind when watching
user2: its a mind trip
user1: One other thing, is the ending clear or ambiguous? I really hate open endings

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: iH
user2: hi
user2: Hi
user1: What is the name of the movie you read about?
user2: The
user2: The Inception
user2: It
user2:  
user2: It has Leonardo DiCaprio in it
user1: What other actors and actresses are in it?
user2: Joseph Gordon-Levitt
user2: Also, Ellen Page
user1: Who directed the movie?
user2: Christopher Nolan
user1: Is it a long movie?
user2: I don't recall reading anything about the length of the movie
user1: What is the plot?
user2: The two men in the movie perform corporate espionage using an experimental military technology. 
user1: What kind of experimental military technology? 
user2: infiltrating dreams
user1: Is it an action movie?
user2: it is categorized as a scientific movie
user1: How do the men commit corporate espionage with this technology?
user2: They implant ideas into a person's subconscious.
user1: Is it dangerous for them to do?
user2: Yes, because the dreamer forgets they are in a dream
user1: What happens to the dreamer when they forget are in a dream?
user2: they enter a world of infinite subconscious and it is extremely difficult to escape from
user1: That's intense. How do they get out of the infinite subconscious?
user2: From what I have read, one of them commits suicide in order to wake up for real
user1: Oh wow. 
user1: Who wrote the movie?
user2: It only stated who the director is. Christopher Nolan
user1: When was the movie released?
user2: 2009
user1: Thanks. I'd like to see it.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user1: How are you?
user2: Hi, there!
user1: I've got a movie to chat with you about, are you ready?
user2: I am! Go ahead.
user1: It premiered in 2009 and got an 86% on Rotten Tomatoes,
user1: The name of it is Inception and it stars Leonardo DiCaprio \.
user1: Do you like sci-fi?
user2: Yes, I have heard of this movie. I'm not usually a huge fan of science fiction but I've heard it's pretty good.
user2: Have you seen it?
user1: Yes well I haven't seen it and it looks good.  The description I'm reading says DiCaprio and another guy are "extractors", that is they infiltrate the minds of others.  They plant ideas in their subconscious, thus the name "Inception".
user1: It says DiCaprio plays a professional thief.
user2: That sounds pretty interesting. Is it a thriller?
user1: It says scientific.  It sounds like a thriller because it talks about corporate espionage.
user2: Are there other big names in the movie?
user2: Actors whose names I would recognize?
user1: The other actors/actresses listed are Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Ellen Page, and Tom Hardy.
user2: I like all of those actors. So that seems pretty good. Do you know how long it is?
user1: They are trying to break up the company of their main competitor.  
user1: The 1st key scene has them inserting themselves into their competitor's dream after his father's body gets sent back to California from Australia.
user1: So they are inside this guy's head and he fires weapons at them in the dream, so then they manage to kidnap him and take him to a warehouse.
user1: The competitor ends up in some quasi Limbo land that sounds like a coma or something.
user2: Sounds a little bit like the Matrix!
user1: Yes, and it talks about the dream levels and time going faster in some of them, it's pretty heavy.
user2: I heard that the visuals were pretty outstanding, too. But it sounds so cerebral!
user1: So they have a graduate student, Ellen Page, who is in on this testing and ends up in the Limbo land for 50 years.  Only it was only 50 years in the dream, and when she wakes up she still believes 50 years has passed.
user2: Is there a ton of action in this movie?
user1: Yes, it is quite complicated to work out.  It does say that DiCaprio ends up with a murder charge on him from her committing suicide while he was trying to wake her up.
user1: Definitely.
user2: Do you know if it won any major awards?
user1: I I'm not sure about that but the reviews are interesting.
user2: Yeah, you said it had a pretty good score on Rotten Tomatoes?
user2: What are some of the criticisms? Do you know?
user1: Yes, 86% on Rotten Tomatoes and 8.8/10 on IMDB.
user1: There is one criticism on here, out of the 4 reviews.  Just a second.
user1: LOL The guy says the people that are raving are like people that someone went into their subconscious and put an Inception there that the movie is good.
user1: Then this critic says it is delusional hype.  What a concept.
user1: One of the better reviews says it's a knockout, and a chess game that is genious.
user1: Uh-oh one of the reviews says DiCaprio is excellent as a tortured hero but then says there's a love story involving him.
user1: Do you know who Joseph Gordon-Levitt or Tom Hardy are?
user1: I'm looking at this third scene, are you still there?
user1: I was wondering if you agree with the rating?
user2: Sorry for the delay. Yes, I know who Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Tom Hardy are. They're both great but it's hard to picture them in a movie together.
user2: Tom Hardy is usually in action movies and JGL is usually in indie films.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hello
user1: What movie?
user2: inception
user2: inception
user1: Is it good?
user2: yes
user2: yep
user1: What is the paragraphs about?
user1: Who are the main characters in it?
user2: The rating of the movie, the cast, and an overview of the movie plot
user1: What genre is the movie in?
user2: Also it includes key scenes from the movie
user1: Any famous actors?
user2: leonardo dicaprio, ellen page
user1: How long is the movie?
user2: josheph gorden levitt and tom hardy
user1: Have you seen it?
user1: Is it for kids?
user2: yes, i don;t what its rated but its mostly action, probably pg-13
user1: Is this a new movie? When was release date?
user2: 2009
user1: Any information on who the director is??
user2: chrisopher nolam
user2: the guy from batman
user1: Sounds like a good movie.
user1: I think I heard of the movie, it includes sci-fi and dreams, correct?
user2: yeah thats right
user1: I think it was a big production too?
user2: yeah, a summer blockbuster type i think
user1: Nice
user1: I think this is more than 12 responses
user1: I think we can abort.

conversation:
user1: hello\
user2: Hi. Have you seen the movie Inception yet?
user1: I haven't but I hear a lot about it.
user1: I know what it is generally about
user2: I was thinking the same thing. I'm sure my husband saw it but I don't think I have.
user1: Do you know who stars in it?
user2: I know it's about a professional (DiCaprio) thief and he specializes in stealing secrets from any of his victims by somehow getting into their dreams.
user1: Oh wow. That sounds interesting. What genre is the movie?
user2: Scientific, which is probably why I haven't seen it. I'm more into thrillers and drama.
user1: Same. But it does sound interesting. I might watch it since everyone seems to like it. 
user2: From what I've read up on it, it's got a good story about espionage, but I'm still not sure I will watch it. 
user1: I will only watch it if it is on Netflix honestly. 
user2: I agree. I watch everything on Netflix anymore, especially their originals. 
user1: Yes! I love Netflix originals
user2: I never used to binge watch shows, but I have with Netflix.Rotten tomatoes 86 percent and IMDB 8. 8/10. Still good ratings.
user1: Oh wow those are good. Rotten tomatoes really determines what movies do well in the box offices. 
user2: Yes, so the ratings are good. Inception was put out in 2009. Don't know why I thought it was newer.
user1: Oh wow then it must be good if people are still talking about it nine years later. I feel like most movies that DiCaprio is in do pretty good. 
user2: Lol. You know, I do like DiCaprio. Think I might do as you suggested and wait for it on Netflix and watch it. That way I didn't invest too much into it.
user1: Right I will probably watch it when i am bored lol. Anything else interesting about the movie?
user2: Ellen Page is in it and Joseph Gordon-Levitt, both good actors. 
user2: Characters in the movie "perform corporate espionage using experimental military technology to infiltrate subconscious".
user1: Oh! and Tom Hardy. I feel like Tom and Joseph were not extremely popular until Inception came out. That sounds cool but a little too real lol
user2: Too deep for me. Probably why I didn't decide to watch it when it came out in 2009.
user1: I love horror movies which seem so crazy and real to me but they do not scare me but movies about like people or the government getting into our lives is scary.
user2: I only watch horror movies in the daytime. Like Tom Cruise movies. Stop with the craziness and jumping off buildings and airplanes. Give me a good story and I'll start watching your movies again.
user1: very true. Anything else on the inception movie?
user2: You can tell it's not keeping my interest. Reviewing it and it says alot about the dream levels. Dreamsharing technology. Oh, it's boring to me.
user1: Ya does not seem too interesting. It is the type of movie you really have to enjoy to watch.
user2: Reviews say "wildly ingenious chess game." Gee, even chess bores me. 
user1: Same. Chess is very boring. They should not phrase it like that if they want people to watch it.
user2: Someone else says they don't know why everyone is raving about the movie. To quote them, "It's as if someone went into their heads while they were sleeping and planted the ideas that "Inception" is a visionary masterpiece".
user1: Oh wow. Well, Maybe i will watch it. Have a nice day.

conversation:
user2: Have you seen Inception? It has pretty good reviews on Rotten Tomatoes.
user1: I have not seen Inception. I will have to read the reviews also. Does it sound interesting?

conversation:
user2: Hi.  Do you love Leonardo Dic
user1: Yes I do and omg this movie sounds confusing lol
user2: Do you love Leonardo DiCaprio movies?
user1: I also like Joseph Gordon-Levitt
user1: yeah i like all of his movies
user1: Oh and it's christopher Nolan! Gotta be a must watch then
user2: Do you like action/drama movies?
user1: Yes action/Drama and Rom/com are my favorite
user1: you?
user2: Yes, but this movie has all that and science fiction
user1: science fiction is my 3rd favorite lol
user1: I like the entire cast of this movie though
user2: The acting was great, but the plot was even better.
user2: Very intriguing.  And it got a 86% Rotten Tomatoes rating, which is not that bad
user1: I mean based on this scene i'm not sure ill be able to understand the movie at all lol
user2: The movie is complex because it seems to be a dream within a dream, but once you watch it, I am sure that you would find it less confusing.
user2: Science fiction is like that.  It pushes the border between fantasy and reality
user1: yeah dreams and dream levels and then when you start manipulating time it's tough to follow
user1: and that's what I like about it
user2: I am confident that you would not have a problem understanding once you take a look at it
user1: Christopher Nolan is very good though so I think you're probably right
user2: Some even say that DiCaprio has taken his acting ability to a new level.
user1: What?!  A few hours = 50 years?
user1: oh he might go down as the best of all time
user2: Which is noteworthy, as you know he has a huge repertoire, when it comes to movie personalities. 
user1: he is a true pleasure to watch and i wish i knew his secret
user1: the fact that he only has one oscar amazes me
user1: yeah he doesn't just play the same character all the time
user2: Well, not everybody needs tangible things to remind them of how good they are
user1: Very good point.  And I think most people would agree he is one of the best
user2: The fans are the most important thing.  They value his work and his range.
user2: He is still young.  I see plenty more Oscars in his future
user1: I hope so.  He deserves it.  But I think you're right.  I doubt he cares all that much about the material things
user1: I really like the Idea that the deeper you go, the slower time is relative to the real world
user2: He is a craftsman, not just an actor or entertainer. 
user1: Yeah I would love to see how he is on set
user1: like the way he acts and such
user2: Yes, the m ovie really makes you think a little deeper about metaphysical things.
user1: oh we're done! Nice talking to you! :)
user2: Bye

conversation:
user1: I just watched Inception, a movie starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Have you seen it?
user2: Yes I have. I thought it  was interesting. 
user1: It was interesting but I thought it was hard to keep up with the plot at times!
user2: Agreed! there was a lot of back and forth and pieces to put together.
user1: Yeah it was definitely a movie you had to pay attention to at all times!
user2: Given that there aren't many movies made this way it certainly made me think about the future and it's possibilities. 
user1: Yeah it definitely makes you think... a little too much if you ask me! Haha.
user2: Haha true. What did you think about the rating this movie received. Do you tend to read reviews before watching movies like this or go with the specific actor. 
user1: I was kind of surprised that it received such high ratings! I mean it was an okay movie but I guess not really my cup of tea. I'll usually check out ratings before I watch a movie, it saves a lot of time and money! Are you a big Leonardo DiCaprio fan?
user2: Makes sense. Not a fan so much of Leonardo but I love the science fiction genre of movies so this fit that profile. 
user1: I'm not really a Leo fan either!! He got so much hype just because of Titanic. It was interesting to see him in a role like this though- playing the bad guy instead of the hero.
user2: True! I like when actors such as that change roles. In the movie were you able to follow the scenes ok or did you get lost. Such as when they entered Fischer's subconscious and were attacked by guards?
user1: I got so lost in this movie- not gonna lie. It was hard to keep up with the plot twists! When Fischer (the younger) got abducted and they took him into that shared dream that was a little confusing. 
user2: Yes agreed. I had to keep asking what part of the dream are they in. It kept changing. Then it became apparent he was stuck in some type of limbo. 
user1: The part where Cobb says that dying would normally wake them up in real life was very strange. And the whole concept of dream limbo was bizarre! The writers were definitely imaginative. 
user2: Right! I couldn't understand that or why people had to stay behind to setup kicks in order to wake the people sleeping up. I started to think I should take notes to keep up.
user1: Yes notes would be helpful!! And then when Cobb says they spent 50 years in dream world but it was only a few hours of real life, that was crazy. It took a really dark turn when Mal committed suicide though.
user2: Yes I was just about to say this. So basically now the dream world is longer than reality and they have a totem to help them distinguish between whats real and not real. What a turn of events. Only the suicide backfires because Cobb leaves his kids and flees the country. 
user1: Yeah learning about the totems was another "wait what's going on?" moment! Do you think Cobb was responsible for Mal's death?
user2: No, it seemed like she woke up and still thought she was dreaming so she did that to wake him up. Not sure how the totem did not work or why she thought that. 
user1: That part was a little confusing to me, too. 
user1: Is it a movie you'd go see again?
user2: True. I am still trying to figure out exactly how she framed him. Probably not. It was too much. Too much concentration.
user1: Yeah that didn't make sense. How could she frame him if she killed herself? He definitely felt guilty over her death though. 
user2: Which is weird to me. Why did he feel guilty. He didn't kill her and why was her projection still projecting if she was dead.
user1: Right? So many questions. And then how did Cobb end up in Limbo again? 
user2: Haha I know. Do you remember the end. Where he does the test to prove he's not in the dream world anymore with the spinning top. He ignored it. So was he in limbo still or reality?
user1: That part was very strange! I think he was in Limbo still... I think the result showed him he wasnt
user1: in reality and he chose to ignore it because he didn't want to face reality.
user2: Yea, then it got me wondering if he was dead too or something. the whole moving was frustrating. I'd have to watch it 2 or 3 times in order to get it.
user1: So many questions. Definitely not one I'd pick to watch if I wanted to relax! Well hey good talk, I'm gonna go. Bye!
user2: You too! 

conversation:
user1: How's it going? Do you like Christopher Nolan films? Have you heard of Inception?
user2: I love Christopher Nolan and I have heard of Inception
user1: Nice! Yeah, well it was a critically-acclaimed film from 2009 that garnered 86% on rotten tomatoes
user2: I have seen his other films like Vertigo and the Dark Knight Trilogy. Will I enjoy this one?
user2: Excuse me I meant to say Memento
user1: I think so. Leonardo DiCaprio stars as a professional thief and actually infiltrates people's minds
user1: One of their targets, Saito, has a particularly "embedded" idea they need to infiltrate so they need to go deep into his subconcious
user2: Sounds like something I would be interested in. Would you call it a psychological thriller?
user1: Possibly. The genre itself is "scientific" but it is definitely a thriller
user2: Are there any other actors in the film I would interested in?
user1: Yeah Joseph Gordon Levitt, Ellen Page, and Tom Hardy all have prominent roles!
user1: The movie will definitely make you think. A lot of people are raving about that
user2: Oh wow I love them all. Tom Hardy being a personal favorite. I love thinking pieces so I would be down in seeing it
user1: He's an accomplice of DiCaprio in this movie so he definitely gets plenty of screentime
user2: Great? How about Joseph Gordon Levitt? What's his role?
user1: He's the main partner of DiCaprio who basically plans and researches the missions
user2: Would you happen to know who the screenwriter of the film is?
user1: I don't but there are a lot of cool scenes that you'll want to watch out for. There's a point in the movie where if you die in a dream you'll end up in "limbo"
user1: that makes a lot of the scenes intense
user2: Cool! Now how long is the movie?
user1: I'm not sure, it doesn't say
user1: Everything critics say though indicates the movie doesn't drag on
user2: So they are in dream of someone else  trying to solve a mystery?
user1: Esentially DiCaprio's character is trying to get back home and in order to he needs to finish one last mission. The person in charge gives him a task where he needs to enter the mind of a competitor and plant in his mind an idea that'll ruin his business
user1: It's an interesting plot especially with Dicaprio's wife haunting him whenever he goes into a dream
user2: Interesting? So he has a tragic backstory? How does the deceased wife have a role in this case?
user1: So his wife died and he is haunted by that because he feels responsible for her death
user1: a lot of what happens in the movie is off of your subscious so she makes appearances
user2: Does she in some form of fashionhelp provide information in helping the business?
user1: No, she's actually there to mess up the plans it seems like
user1: Everytime they enter a mission they risk her showing up and messing things up
user2: Oh! She's kind of an antagonist. I heard this film is full of plot twists is that correct?
user1: That is correct! It literally twists and turns on screen
user2: Well thank you for the encouragement! I really will watch this film now. Been holding it off for a while

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hey there!  Have you seen the movie Inception?
user1: Inception*
user2: yaa i like that movie
user1: Do you know who the director is?
user1: It's Christopher Nolan.  He did the Batman movies too. 
user2: yaa sir i like batman and that movie very good story
user2: network problem so delay replay sir
user2: dont misunderstand sir

conversation:
user1: Hello, how are you?  I'd like to tell you about a fabulous movie directed by Christopher Nolan called "Inception".  
user2: Hi, I'm fine thanks.  Tell me all about it!
user1: This movie was released in 2009 and stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Ellen Page, and Tom Hardy.  It's a story about "extractors", who try to infiltrate the subconscious of certain victims in order to get information from them.  This is the so called "inception"
user2: Sounds like science fiction, kind of.  I am a big fan of the cast, honestly, and it sounds very interesting.  Has it gotten good reviews?
user1: While it's traditionally considered a sci fi movie, it has elements of a love story that can intrigue those who aren't huge sci fi fans, so perhaps that would interest you as well.  It's really a complex and unique plot that is sure to intrigue the viewer
user1: Yes, the reviews were fantastic!  IT has 86% on rotten tomatoes
user2: It sounds fantastic.  I would definitely be interested in seeing this movie.
user1: as well as scoring 8.8/10 on imdb, which is rpety impressive because those people are pretty harsh

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hello, How are you?
user2:  how re you
user2: fine 
user2: have you watch the movie the incaption
user1: I am well.
user1: Inception? I have
user2: the movie about the man Dom Cobb (Leonardo DiCaprio) is a thief with the rare ability to enter people's dreams and steal their secrets from their subconscious. 
user1: Yes, I have seen Inception. I love this movie.
user2: His skill has made him a hot commodity in the world of corporate espionage
user2: but has also cost him everything he loves. Cobb gets a chance at redemption 
user2: yes i know
user2: very unique subject
user1: Yes, It is quite interesting how he can enter the dreams like that.
user2: the : Christopher Nolanood director g
user1: When did it come out?
user2:  2010 science fiction film 
user1: Ah wow. I did not realize it was that old of a movie already.
user2: May 10, 2010
user1: Seems like it just came out a couple years ago. haha
user2: it did 828.3 million USD business
user1: Who else stars in it? I do not remember the girl.
user1: That is alot of money.
user2: Ellan page
user1: Ah ok. Thanks, Great actress.
user2:  Leonardo DiCaprio as a professional thief who steals information by infiltrating the subconscious, and is offered a chance to have his criminal history erased as payment for the implantation of another person's idea into a target's subconscious.
user1: Is the movie long? 
user2: normal duration 1>30 min
user2: when did you saw??
user2:  it was released in both conventional and IMAX theaters beginning on July 16, 2010
user1: It has been a couple years since I have seen it. Have you seen it?
user2: yes
user1: I think I may have to watch this again soon. the effects were very good.
user2: what you like most 
user2: have you enjoyed??
user2: i enjoy a lot 
user2: buy 
user1: I have enjoyed it very much.Thank you.

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: Hello!
user2: So there a movie that explores the idea of implanting ideas into your head, via a dream, in order to manipulate you into making a decision in real life.
user2: The whole concept seems way above my level of understanding haha but, definitely seems interesting.
user2: The reviews for the movie are higher than average and I general everyone thought the movie was awesome. However, there were a few who didn't enjoy the movie at all! But that's probably because they didn't understand it!
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio is In it and one critic said it was one of his best performances yet.
user2: So in the movie DiCaprio's character is tasked with going into the mind of some heir to a company and implanting the idea for him to dissolve that company. In public eye the heir already decided to make some.other business move, but the powers that be don't want that outcome and desire the company dissolved. Enter Leo DiCaprio!
user2: The heir will then be sueded to dissolve the company after Leo enters his mind through a dream, getting the desired outcome. I mean imagine if you made a Decision one minute. Took a nap and woke up and completely changed your mind and decided to do the exact opposite but it was because someone implemented the idea in your head while you slept!
user2: The whole concept is crazy, but intriguing. Makes you wonder what the dangers of it are.
user2: And then also, in the movie, it's stated that Leo's character is able to achieve this task because of a shared dream world.
user2: I wonder if the subject knows their mind is being invaded and fights back through their subconscious?! Would that be awesome to see play out in the movie!?
user2: The movie is called inception and is directed by Christopher Nolan. His Dark Knight Batman trilogies are some of my absolute favorite movies. So no wonder inception got such great reviews.
user2: There are several other great actors in the movie, Joseph Gordon Levitt and Ellen page and Tom Hardy.
user2: I really enjoyed the action sequences in the movie. 
user2: It was definitely a movie you have to pay attention to in order to understand but the concept is unique and intriguing.
user2: So you think it's something you would watch?
user2: Are you still there?

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: HI
user2: How are you doing today?
user1: yA GREAT WHAT ABOUT YOU 
user2: great
user1: Great too
user2: Seen any good movies recently?
user1: How do feel about The Incidious
user2: I have not seen that movie. 
user2: What is it about
user1: Once aging James cameron has produced good movie.
user2: seems like something i may like
user1: Ya you may like it 
user1: Which kind of movie do you like it
user2: I like all kinds.  Drama and romance are my favorite although thrillers are great to 
user1: Great me to
user2: looking forward to the upcoming 50 shades movie
user1: Lastly what movie do you see
user1: Ya good movie
user2: i have liked the other 2 
user1: mmm
user1: Then
user2: there are some good ones in theater right now
user1: What are name of movie
user2: forever my girl was good
user2: have you seen it
user1: not yet 
user1: Have you seen it what is the story  main frame
user2: i have not heard of that one
user2: saw the new star wars last month
user1: Ya good i saw it good technolgy
user2: Well have a great day, its been fun chatting with you

conversation:
user1: What was the name of the movie?
user2: Hello, the name of the movie is Inception.
user2: Have you seen it?
user1: No. What type of movie is it?
user2: It's a scientific movie directed by Chrisopher Nolan with Leonardo Dicaprio as the main character.  It received an 8.8/10 rating on IMDB and a 8.1/10 on Rotten Tomatoes reviews.  The main characters perform corporate espionage using experimental military technology to infiltrate the subconcious of their targets and extract valuable information through a shared dream world.
user1: That sounds interesting. Have you seen it?
user2: Yes it's one of my favorites of all time actually, mind blowing to say the least.
user1: Wow that is high praise. I'll have to check it out.
user2: Imagine a dream world that you can enter and exit and the possibilities of what you could do in a dream are endless so the concept is pretty crazy and so is the movie.
user1: Did you find it difficult to follow the plot at all?
user2: At times but the build up is good and you learn about it at a pace that I was able to follow it but I have since watched it multiple more times just to catch the little things I missed.
user1: Cool. I am a fan of Christopher Nolan so I think it will be worth it.
user2: Snippet: The team takes Fischer and a wounded Sailo to a warehouse, where Cobb reveals that while dying in the dream would normally wake Sailo up, the powerful sedatives needed to stabilize the multi-level dream will instead send a dying dreamer into limbo, a world of infinite subconscious and escaping the dream is difficult as is an is now even more difficult.
user1: That sounds really enjoyable. Is the cast good?
user2: Actor reveals to actor that he and actor went to limbo while experimenting with the dreamsharing tech.  Sedated for a few hours of real time, they spent fifty years in a dream constructing a world from their shared memories.  Trying not to spoil much hehe.
user2: Leonardo Decaprio is a fantastic actor so he is obviously good and the rest I would rate as playing their role very well.
user1: Cool. Anything else I should know about it?
user2: The movie won over 30 awards.
user1: Wow that's crazy. Did it win Best Picture?
user2: Sadly no.
user2: King's Speech won best picture that year, which tied Inception for most awards.
user2: Some notable awards are, Best Cinematography, Best Sound Editing, Best Sound Mixing and Best Visual Effects, and was nominated for a total of eight, including Best Picture and Best Original Screenplay.
user2: With numerous smaller ones obviously.
user1: That's impressive. 
user2: Yeah, I've recommended the movie to lots of people and not a single person I have ever talked to about it has disliked it.  
user1: I'll be sure to watch it soon.
user2: That's good to hear I hope you enjoy it.
user2: Do you usually like movies like this?
user1: Yes. I am also a big Nolan fan. Just never got around to watching it.

conversation:
user2: Hi how are you
user1: Have you seen the movie Inception?
user1: with Leonardo DiCaprio?
user1: Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Tom Hardy are in it as well.
user1: Christopher Nolan directed it.  He did a great job.
user2: is anyone there 
user1: The critics thought very highly of the film.
user1: I think the reviews on Rotten Tomatoes and the IMDB average are completely accurate in this case.
user1: Hello, how are you today?
user1: User 2 are you there?
user1: Is anyone there?
user1: Anyone at all?
user1: I am about to abort the conversation.

conversation:
user1: HI. What did you think of "Inception"?
user2: hello
user2: It was one of the best movie one could watch.
user2: Acting wise, Leonardo is the best among others
user1: Oh agreed! 
user2: Dom Cobb is a nice name used for DiCaprio
user2: in this movie
user1: I think Joseph Gordon-Levitt did a great job too, but of course not as Good as Leonardo!
user2: haha yes
user2: sometimes side actors does pretty well
user2: see the first critical response, it is awesome
user1: The mix of military technology with corporate interests was an interesting plot.
user2: yes
user2: Christopher Nolan is one of the best
user1: Oh yes, I certainly agree...but it was even more exciting than a chess game. 
user2: I kinda love each of his movies but Inception is something else to love for
user1: Me too. I could watch anything with Leonardo in it. :)  
user2: haha, truly said
user2: it was released in 2009 and is still in my mind till now
user1: I liked the mazes created by Ariadne...the dreamscapes.
user2: yes that was great art and beautifully conceptualized
user2: rating wise, imdb which I follow the most, 8.8/10 is great score
user2: I feel like I want to watch it again
user1: I think it deserved at least a 9.
user2: it does not matter much as anything above 8 is usually watched by all movie lovers
user1: True. But I still think it deserves a 9. Of course, I may be a bit biased based on Leonardo's excellent, sexy...abilities.
user2: yes
user1: Christopher Nolan picked perfect actors for his movie, that's for sure!
user1: And actresses, of course.
user2: and actors always prefers to work with him....sounds great combo effect
user2: totem ...haha
user2: its concept as a sci-fi is creatively used in it
user1: The concept of going into limbo was scary.
user2: haha yes
user2: its end is open ended....what an ironical statement
user1: The fact that Cobb joins his kids in the garden at the end was beautiful...yes, a very ironical statement.
user1: His totem...the top spinning...I'll never forget that image.
user2: Its next part can be expected
user2: hope nolan directs inception 2
user1: Me too. It should be excellent!
user2: yes 
user2: and this time, it must be close ended. LOL!!!
user2: lets finish 
user2: bye
user2: nice talking
user1: Yes! A true ending that is just as beautiful. Nice talking!

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: How are you-- let's talk about Inception.
user1: Inception is highly rated across multiple platforms!
user2: Oh, I have heard a little about that movie and I am very interested in seeing it.
user2: Is there a lot of action and excitement in this movie?
user1: It's a wonderful sci-fi movies with an average rating of 8.1/10
user1: A ton of excitement, including characters weaving through different levels and worlds
user1: each faster and more exciting than th elast!
user2: That sounds really cool. Could you tell me some of the people that star in the movie?
user1: Leo DiCaprio-- and he's great in it
user1: I'm not sure who else is in it though
user2: I really enjoyed some of his other movies. Is this movie set in present time, or the future, or past?
user1: I believe in the future
user1: There's a lot of futuristic science
user2: So like a sci-fi futuristic movie, that is one of my favorite kinds. Do you happen to know if there is any sort of space travel or does the movie take place on earth or somewhere else?
user1: It sort of takes place in dreams
user1: and alternate realities
user1: The characters have difficulty distinguishing between dreams and real life
user2: So like in Dicaprio's dreams or someone else's?
user1: Multiple people
user1: People can get into each other's dreams 
user2: Sounding more and more interesting. Is there any horror elements or gore? I really do not like those in the movies I watch. Since they are in dreams, I am afraid there might be like nightmare scenes.
user1: I don't believe so
user1: There's certainly some death, but I don't believe it's gorey
user2: So are they trying to save someone or something by entering these dreams?
user1: Time is also distorted when entering the dream world
user1: I believe the main character enters the dreamworld to be with his family? 
user1: i'm not too sure to be honest
user2: Distorted how, like is it longer compared to the real world or shorter?
user1: yup, several hours in the real world can be decades in the dream worlds
user1: as you get into dreams within dreams
user2: Is his family trapped in a dream or something?
user1: i think they're dead
user1: i'm not fully sure
user2: So like he is going into a dream to be with them because they are dead?
user1: i think so
user2: That sounds pretty sad but interesting. So do you know how they enter the dreams, is it a machine of some kind?
user1: I think they take some kind of drug
user1: and can keep doing it over and over within dreams like a russian nesting doll
user2: Well that does make more sense. So they can go like multiple levels into a dream, like the dream of someone in the dream?
user1: like they're dreaming in their dream
user2: That sounds like it could get pretty confusing after a while So if you are in the dream of someone in the dream does time slow down like times two?
user1: unsure
user1: but yes, very confusing
user2: Is the majority of the movie in these dream settings then?
user1: i believe so
user1: so yeah, go see it!
user2: Well that does sound like a movie I would like, I am going to have to get the bluray and watch it now.

conversation:
user1: hello
user1: what is the name of the movie
user2: I just saw The Inception with Leonardo DeCaprio. It's great!
user1: I have never heard of that movie what kind of movie is it
user1: Is it action. adventure, crime, horror etc..
user2: It's a scientific thriller about corporate espionage.
user1: O that does sound interesting
user1: is this a new movie
user1: Is leonardo the good guy or bad guy in this movie?
user2: Yeah, they use an experimental military technology to infiltrate their targets. Leo is one of the theifs
user1: That role I bet he is good in
user1: is there any other stars in the movie
user2: Excellent. But the theifs are the good guys. It is very ingenius. 
user1: so kind of like a robinhood
user1: what country does the movie take place in
user1: what time period does the movie take place in
user2: Well, there is a Japanese villain and t concerns a comglomerate
user1: yes this sounds like a movie I would like to see
user2: So they are in Sydney, then Los Angeles, but much of it takes place in a multi-level dream
user1: that is a strange setting but it sounds interesting
user2: You should definitely see it. Lots of action too. 
user1: I would not have seen it before I talked to you about it but now I definetly will
user2: When you see it, remember that it gets very complex, especially when they are in "limbo". Basically, they are in their own subconscious and can't escape, especially since they may forget that they are in a dream. 
user1: So they do not know at first they are in a dream?
user2: They know at first. But there are different dream levels. At each level, one person stays behind and awaken the rest of them when needed.
user1: i like the story plot it sounds interesting
user2: At one point they spend 50 years in a dream. So its a long time period. 
user1: wow thats a real long time
user1: how long are we suppose to be chatting for
user2: A few more turns.
user1: ok I dont mind talking I was just wondering'
user1: Have you seen any other movies that were like this movie
user2: So they constantly do not know if they are in the real world. There is a murder and a suicide but is it real?
user1: sounds like a very confusing plot
user1: should be a movie to keep you entertained
user2: Yeah, and the question is sometimes, should they choose the dream instead? 
user1: is this movie still in the theaters or is it already out to rent
user2: It's a 2009 movie
user1: o wow I did not know it was that old
user1: It was good talking to you]
user1: I hope you have a good day
user2: Great speaking with you. Hope you enjoy the Movie

conversation:
user1: Hello there. 
user2: Hi
user1: I am really interested in some new movies. 
user2: Would you like to chat about inception?
user1: I would !
user2: It was directed by christopher nolan.
user1: I have heard of him. Who stared in the movie?
user2: Have you seen it before?
user1: I have not. 
user2: Leonardo Dicaprio.
user1: Is it a kid movie or is it rated for adults?
user2: He plays a guy named Cobb.
user1: That is a nice name. Is he the only big star?
user2: Um, I am not sure. But I think more adult.
user2: no he is not.
user1: Ok, well do you think the plot is good?
user2: Ellen Page plays adrienne.
user1: I know her from other films. 
user2: Josepg gordon levitt is also in it.
user2: Joseph
user2: Ya I like her.
user1: I have seen him in some films too. 
user1: Me too. 
user2: Both are talented.
user1: What is the movie about?
user2: The concept is pretty different, cobb recruits adrienne/ellen to create a dream world.
user1: So, is it like a fantasy movie?
user2: But there actually in this world.
user1: Oh, wow that sounds really nuts. 
user2: It is really realistic feeling.
user1: Wow. Does it end well?
user2: It goes through a lot before the end, hard to explain.
user1: Well, I think I will debate watching this movie. Thank you so much!

conversation:
user1: Inception was a very good movie
user1: It almost becomes possible to imagine a legit Program that goes into peoples dreams, using military technology
user2: Yes it was
user1: what were your thoughts on this movie?
user2: Its where they fall asleep and everything is slow mo
user2: In a dream and things are folding up and down.
user2: Saw it with my ex, brought us back some. 
user1: haha yup thats the same movie. I love that its a big chess game
user2: It was visually stunning. New and like the part at the, the bridge crash scene.
user2: Elen page played great and so did caprio
user2: Would be nuts if we could bend time and space like that.
user1: oh yeah that was an amazing scene for sure. Ellen Page has been on a bit of a roll with her roles. This was the riskiest role for Idcaprio i guess
user2: Spinning top at the at the end right, to see if your awake?
user2: Just making sure this is the movie
user1: I am not awake. 2009 was a perfect year in film
user1: to be honest. Its a great film no doubt but i got so lost in it
user2: 2009 gives me anxiety attacks. I was third wheel or used. Not great
user2: Caprio does good in every movie and page does really well but i dont think they fit.
user2: As long as its not another gay movie with hidden gay motives behind it
user1: The work was impressive and they did act really well but maybe they should have thought more about the people watching it more
user2: I throw it as part sci fi, special effects are good.
user1: Excellent popcorn flick though
user2: Did you purchase it on dvd?
user2: Im a horror fan, i need the rush and edge.
user1: Nope not yet but i downloaded it
user2: Cant believe i dont use butter no more on popcorn at the movies. 
user1: this film is scientific and a huge rush
user2: Taste good with out it, but its never a secret.
user1: You should really use the popcorn butter its so freaking good
user2: Are you page fan or caprio, also the other guy that kissed her and whatever his name was.
user1: i love howthe top was used in the end of the movies and it was right after they left LAX
user2: If it keeps spinning your still dreaming
user1: I don't get it
user1: But i'll believe it. Just as long as im not seeing a spinning top when I ever wake up haha
user2: Hope we get paid, sometimes these survey get flimsy.
user1: are you allowed to mention that
user2: I think we are done
user1: We just left the theatre
user2: Ive said a lot worse
user2: Awesome and great
user1: but you can't mention what this really is. You have to pretend to get paid
user2: Lol
user2: Have a goodnight and hope everything goes well.

conversation:
user2: Hello there
user1: hello
user1: hello
user2: Have you seen this great movie Inception?
user1: Yes. It was very brilliant movie.
user2: It is such great movie, with lots of wonderful visuals!
user2: Especially the Train scene in the middle of the city.
user1: I really DiCaprio's role and acting. All other people were great too
user2: It was great, I'm a huge fan of Leonardo DiCaprio. 
user2: Christopher Nolan has done numerous great movies recently.
user1: Me too. Christopher Nolan is amazing director. What a movie. Mind blowing
user2: Batman, Inception, Interstellar, Dunkirk are all great works of art.
user2: I really enjoy the cerebral aspect of the movie,  dream inside a dream.
user1: Yeah. It was very new concept. I think I need to see it one more time.
user1: I am not sure I have understood everything. It was so tense.
user1: Especially concept of dying inside a dream
user1: and role of Saito
user2: Yeah, each character was great. I've never been much of a fan of the woman actress, Ellen Page
user2: But everyone else I enjoyed in this movie. 
user1: I thought she was okay. Did not really cared muh about her
user2: I agree
user1: I thought Cobb's wife was very interesting too
user1: They spend 50 years inside dream
user1: damn..
user2: Yeah, it was sad in that aspect, but gave him much more depth.
user1: It was very sad when she died
user1: thinking it was still a dream
user1: I felt bad for their children
user2: Yeah, it reminded me of another movie that he was in, Shutter Island
user1: Oh yeah. Caprio has some great movies
user2: I also love the end of this movie, with the constant spinning top....leaving it open if he was still dreaming.
user1: It was very confusing...
user1: Does it imply it was still a dream?
user2: Yes and no, it was up to the viewer as the top kept spinning.
user1: Pretty cool concept
user1: I need  to rewatch again
user2: Yeah me too, I have that on DVD

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hey
user2: have you seen inception?
user1: No but have heard it is a great movie
user1: Whats it about
user2: Yeah its an excellent movie in my opinion although some were left scratching their head after watching it.
user2: To sum it up....
user1: why is that
user1: I have heard it was confusing
user1: So in your opinion is it worth watching
user2:  Cobb who is played by Leonardo DiCaprio is a thief with the rare ability to enter people's dreams and steal their secrets from their subconscious.  Cobb (dicaprio) is offered a seemingly impossible task: Plant an idea in someone's mind. If he succeeds, it will be the perfect crime.
user2: I would say its worth watching. Even if you don't understand the premise of the movie it is still great to watch the all star cast of actors in the movie.
user1: Wow ok that sounds like something I would watch Im surprised that I have not seen it
user1: What was your favorite part
user2: Leonardo Dicaprio, Tom Hardy etc..
user1: Sounds like a good cast
user2: I would say my favorite scene was the spinning hallway fight in shifting gravity. It had really cool special effects. 
user1: Ok I am definitely interested in seeing this if at the very least for the cool plot they have
user2: Yeah the production was one of the many reasons to watch the movie. 
user1: As much as I love movies I can believe that this escaped me lol
user1: What are some scenes you think I should watch out for??
user2: Yeah you need check if you can watch it on demand lol.
user2: Do you enjoy science fiction films?
user1: Yes I do and if I cant do it on demand I can certainly order through my cable company. 
user1: I love Star Wars all the way down to final fantasy. 
user1: This should really peak my interest 
user2: If you ever get an opportunity to watch the movie another key scene to look out for is....
user1: LoLoL what is the scene
user1: Hello are you there
user2: The scene in which Cobb takes Ariadne into her first shared dreaming experience. The moment where we see one city block fold on top of another is absolutely amazing and the visual effects in this scene are wild.
user2: Did you see the new star wars?
user1: Holy cow that sounds cool now I am just ashamed I havent seen this
user1: Not yet its the only one I havent seen
user2: lol 
user2: well it was nice talking to you. Have a good day!
user1: Thanks you as well

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: hello
user2: movie rating
user1: The movie is inception. 
user2: yes 
user2: very nice movie
user2: good story telling
user1: The rating from rotten tomatoes is 86%
user1: 8.1/10
user2: nice
user1: IMDB 8.8/10
user2: my rating is 9 out of 10
user1: So I am supposed to persuade you to watch it..
user1: it
user1: but you have already watched it?
user1: I tried to watch it a couple of times. The first time it did not hold my attention. perhaps because there was too much going on around me.
user2: yes i already watch
user1: Then I saw it on tv I believe and it just fascinated me!
user1: For some reason I did not get to finish it again
user1: I only watched half of it
user2: ok
user1: So back to the task, I suppose..the main actor is Leonardo DiCaprio..he's a well known actor, another reason to watch this movie
user2: yes i know
user1: (i'm just following instructions to convince you)
user2: yes
user1: In the movie, a dying dreamer goes into Limbo..and a dreamer might forget they are in a dream
user1: Dom Cobb (Leonardio DiCaprio) reactivates a totem, which is an object that dreamers use to distinguish dreams from reality, to remind the dreamer that it's not real
user2:  dreamer might forget they are in a dream
user1: It's funny because the dreamer Cobb was trying to wake up committed suicide and framed him for a murder charge
user1: He had to leave his children behind as he had to flee the US
user1: that seems very tough!
user2: ok
user1: I guess Cobb did kind of feel guilty about Mal's death
user1: He struggled to make peace with it
user2: which is an object that dreamers use to distinguish dreams from reality, to remind the dreamer that it's not real
user1: Yeah, and that object, the totem, looked like a spinning top that would keep spinning
user2: spinning top would keep
user1: At the end it seems Cobb did tests to prove he was in the real world
user1: But even though he knew the correct results he ignored them
user2: leave his children behind as he had to flee the US
user1: hello?
user1: It says user 2 has left the chat.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi!
user1: Have you seen the movie "Inception"?
user2: Not yet but would like too
user1: It's pretty good. Leonardo DiCaprio is the main character.
user2: nice. I am a fan of him. 
user1: Me too.
user2: It has a good review also. 
user2: I think it is a good movie
user1: It really does.
user1: The review from Rotten Tomatoes of 86% was really good.
user1: Do you know when it came out?
user2: its 2009
user2: not sure of the month though
user1: Oh, okay. Wow, that was a while ago.
user1: I like Christopher Nolan's work, too.
user2: Yep. I am not familiar with his work but I think this movie is good.
user1: I was surprised that it was categorized by a scientific genre
user1: But I guess it makes sense...kind of.
user2: Yep. it is sort of scifi 
user2: Cobb can infiltrate their dreams which won't happen in real life lol
user1: True!
user2: I wish I have that ability haha
user1: What did you think of Joseph Gordon-Levitt?
user2: I am not really a fan. He is a so-so actor for me but he did a great job in this movie
user1: He was really good. I usually like his stuff but was surprised that he even did this movie.
user2: Really. That is nice. 
user1: What did you think about the critic reviews?
user2: It is better than I thought actually. 8.8 is high
user1: Right?
user1: Thanks!

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hey! How are you?
user2: I am good
user2: are you able to see a document? I have no document on my end.
user1: I just read about the movie Inception. Have you seen it?
user2: I feel like I did? The name is familiar
user1: Yes, one of us has the document and it's me.
user2: what is it about?
user1: It's by Christopher Nolan. With Leonardo di Caprio.
user2: Okay this is the first time I did one w/o a document! Just wanted to make sure it wasn't broken haha! 
user1: And Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
user2: It sounds so familiar but if I seen it, it would have been years ago.  Is it older movie?
user1: No worries. It's actually the first time I'm the one with the document :-)
user1: It was made in 2009.
user2: haha! usually when i've done them we both had document. 
user2: I am a fan of Leonardo D tho! that's for sure lol
user1: It's a very spectacular movie, with very interesting ideas throughout.
user1: It's about those people who go inside other people's dreams and steal information.
user2: Did it have computer thing in it or something? I might be thinking of another movie. I may have to google this lol
user1: Leonardo di Caprio is the main guy on the team and he is hired by someone to plant an idea in someone's dreams.
user2: Did this also have a book, it sounds like a book theme 
user1: Yes, there are computers in the movie. No, there is no book in the movie.
user1: But it's about all those "travels" in various levels of dreaming.
user1: It's very complicated to explain.
user2: It reminds me of matrix sort of
user1: The di Caprio character meets his ex wife in the dreams and there is a big backstory about it.
user2: I think I would like this movie. Sounds interesting 
user1: Yes, in a way it's a little like Matrix, but with a lot of levels.
user1: If you liked Matrix you would probably like Inception.
user2: I did like Matrix.  I have not seen a good science fiction movie in a while.  Been mostly kid movies
user1: Aha! Do you kids?
user1: Imeant - do you have kids?
user2: I have 3 kids. My oldest is 11, he would like this movie.  My daugther is 7 she isn't big on this type of movies.  And we have a baby
user1: Wow! Congratulations! Beautiful family!

conversation:
user2: The movie is Inception.  You might like it, if you haven't seen it already.
user1: no i havent seen it
user1:   what kind is it
user2: it's scientific
user1: like star trek 
user1: is there anyone famous in it
user2: decaprio
user1: hes good
user2: not like star trek, not science fiction, I don't think
user2: rotten tomatoes gave it out of 10
user1: what else can you tell me about it? 
user2: says it's like a chess game, so strategic i guess
user1: interesting. when did it come out
user2: 2009
user2: christopher nolan is the director
user1: wow i didnt know about it at all.
user1: nolan is a good director
user2: ok, then you might like it
user2: leo infiltrates people's minds through their dreams
user1: yes it does sound like something i would watch. 
user2: lots of people thought it was awesome, then some thought what's the big deal.
user1: in fact i am downloading it on my phone now
user2: wow, good for you, i hope you enjoy it
user2: i have no desire, giggles
user1: lol. 
user2: how many movies do we have to do?  if it's more than this one, it's not worth the payh
user2: pay*
user1: i think this is it. i have never done this
user2: excellent news, can't tell you anything more about the movie, but you'll see for yourself soon
user1: what else can you recommend about this movie
user2: like I just said, not much!  the print is tiny!  I've done my best
user1: ok
user2: some people said they wanted  it to be more wierd, further out there

conversation:
user1: hello i liked the movie
user2: I've never seen it before, but it sound interesting.
user2: What does it mean by a shared dream world?
user1: KInda like the matrix.
user1: Its really good same director as the dark knight
user2: What did you think of that scene  in the trailer where the whole city bends in half?
user1: Awesome!
user2: What role does Leonardo DiCaprio's character play?
user1: Cobb some crazy dream hacker lol
user2: ha, that's sounds cool!
user2: It's interesting that the film contains multiple levels of reality. Besides the matrix, can you think of any movies like that?
user1: Hmm maybe the lawnmower man 
user2: What kind of kicks do they use to awake people up from the dream level?
user1: Some weird stuff
user2: I like the director, and set of actors, especially Leonardo DiCaprio. 
user2: I should check it out sometime
user1: Yeah its really good
user2: It's crazy that Mal would commit suicide 
user2: to wake up
user1: I know that would be really crazy to experience
user2: Yeah, I would be creeped out if someone could go into my dreams. In a way, it was would cool if friends and family could all share a dream world, but still weird and creepy

conversation:
user2: Hello! What did you think about the movie Inception? 
user1: I think it sounds pretty interesting. The idea of planting thoughts is pretty unnerving! How about you?
user2: I really liked it, honestly probably one of the most unique movies I've ever seen. Leonardo Dicaprio was amazing in it!
user1: It is a pretty unique concept to be able to get information from others through their thoughts. Kind of creepy, but sounds intriguing at the same time! What did you think of the performance by Ellen Page?
user2: I agree, it is very intriguing. I thought Ellen Page did great as well. She created the dream areas, which were very fascinating. I actually didn't know before this that Christopher Nolan was the director. I'm not surprised though because of how good and iconic he is. Did you know that?
user1: No, I didn’t. I have actually never seen the movie, but it sounds good, so I might have to check it out. I like other movies Ellen Page is in, so not surprising she did well!
user2: I would highly suggest it then, if you haven't. I thought everyone had seen it already! LOL... Yeah if you like her then you'd really enjoy it because she definitely played a very big and important main character role.
user1: Definitely! It looks like it got great reviews on rotten tomatoes- 86% is impressive! They are usually pretty accurate!
user2: It did get really good reviews. And the 8.8/10 on IMDB is impressive too. I don't agree with the final review in that document though, so don't pay attention to that one. Must be a really negative critic. People definitely raved about it for a reason! This person didn't know what they were talking about.
user1: Yeah even the best of movies get a little bit of negative feedback sometimes. You can’t please them all! I did like the review that said they wished it was weirder! It sounds plenty weird to me! (In an interesting way!)
user2: You're right... Ah, the document has changed. Yeah it was an interesting concept of the kicks to wake people up. They were like the trigger to get them out of a dream. You'd have to see it to understand more fully, I think. It was trippy.
user1: Wow, that sounds complicated! The shared dreams and someone having to stay behind! And the limbo that is nearly impossible to get out of is pretty intense!
user2: Yup it did get really complicated and deep, like how it describes of the dream levels and multi-level dreams, that means it eventually turns into like dreams within dreams and the kicks get them out of one dream and into the next. Like waking up and you're still dreaming. That's actually happened to me before. You think you wake up but you're actually still dreaming. Has that ever happened to you?
user1: Not really like that, but I have definitely had vivid dreams where it seemed very real and I was shocked when I woke up! That is crazy that the time goes much faster in each dream afterwards.
user2: Yeah, like time gets warped... it is a dangerous mission to go through all those levels and maintain sanity, like how it says risking forgetting you're in a dream. That's why it's so intense because they have to be so mentally strong to deal with all the changes of consciousness
user1: For sure. Sounds almost like a video game, beating different levels. And needing to remember what you are doing and why you are doing it.
user2: Something like that! Yeah there is also a twisted love story... Between Cobb and Mal (they were husband and wife) but yeah they spent 50 years in a dream in only a few hours of time. Can you imagine, it feeling like 50 years has passed in only a few hours! Crazy stuff!
user2: (I think they were husband and wife, at least. Cant remember exactly.)
user1: I can’t imagine! And then she committed suicide because she thought she was still in a dream! That turned pretty serious in a hurry! Sounds pretty sad!
user2: Yeah it was really sad, like tragic even... She really believed it and then tried to force Cobb to do the same. He must have had a really hard life to have to go through all of that. I can't even imagine either how mentally messed up that would be
user1: For sure! That would be really traumatizing to watch someone go through that and not be able to help them. And even worse because she framed him for it in her fragile state of mind!
user2: Exactly. I think after 50 years in a dream world anybody would kind of lose their sanity when returning back to reality though so you definitely feel for her, and him too, especially after having to abandon his children because of everything. That's so heart wrenching.
user2: So he lost the love of his life and his kids.
user1: It is really devestating! I can’t imagine feeling like 50 years had passed! That would be a lot for anyone to wrap their head around.
user1: Wow, and it sounds like a pretty wild ending left pretty open-ended!
user2: Yeah I'm 28 years old so that is like, close to twice the time that I've even lived! Totally bizarre. And yes the ending was left wide open to where you have no clue if he's dreaming or back in reality. Spoiler alert!
user2: You should still watch it though, even though you now know what happens. It's well worth it, and seeing it is much better than just reading about it
user1: Wow, that is a way to end it! He probably doesn’t want to know at that point. And I definitely want to check it out. Always good to see things live and how things unfold.
user1: Always makes you curious when they end movies like that though! 
user2: Yeah all he cared about was his kids. There was much discussion about the ending and how the top kept spinning. There is a small further twist at the end that isn't in the document but I won't reveal it :-) 
user1: Sounds good! I will check it out and find out! It was interesting chatting about the movie!
user2: We aren't supposed to share information that isn't in it, anyways. So yeah just know there's a tiny piece that suggests the whole controversy about if its his dream vs reality at the end
user2: Yes it was. Thanks for chatting with me, and yeah it was interesting to re-visit this movie. It was definitely one of a kind and I hope you watch it someday!

conversation:
user2: Hi, so you have seen Inception?
user1: Yes! That movie is amazing!
user2: I agree.  I really love Leonardo Dicaprio
user2: and Christopher Nolan is an awesome director
user1: Agreed. He definitely played his role well.
user1: Yes! Christopher Nolan is a genius!
user2: Do you have a favorite scene in the movie?
user1: Honestly. Probably every scene in the hotel haha
user2: Oh I agree!  
user2: Do you think a sequel will be worth watching?
user2: I hate when they ruin a movie by creating a terrible part 2
user1: Oh most definitely! However, it doesn't look like it's happening :(
user1: I know right. I hate when the ruin the sequels.
user1: This conversation is making me want to watch through Inception again
user2: Me too, is it on Netflix you think?
user1: I tried checking but it doesn't look like it. Then again it's probably because my Netflix is deactivated at the moment
user2: Youre right, I dont think a part 2 is going to happen its been almost 8 yars now since its release
user1: Dang. Has it really been that long already? Time sure does fly!
user2: Some days I wish I could be sedated and travel years constructing memories.
user2: that would be really cool
user1: Haha I agree!
user1: Sounds fun!
user2: I didnt understand why Mal committed suicide to wake up, did you?
user1: No, some of the concepts, while mind-blowing, were still confusing to me.
user2: yes, maybe its something I need to watch again
user1: Same here!
user1: If it really has been 8 years, then I haven't seen that movie since 8 years ago!
user2: I forgot about the totem, would definitely be necessary in that kind of world, shame Mal didnt have it to know what was a dream vs reality
user1: That'd be a terrifying situation to be in. Not being able to distinguish reality from a dream.
user2: The movie definitely played on our reality a bit... you know sometimes you have a dream and you wake up and are unsure if its real for a minute
user2: Has that evr happened to you?
user1: Oh yes! Quite a few times!
user2: so out of 10 how would you rate the movie?
user1: Based on my 8-year memory, probably a high 8 or 9. Who knows though, maybe after a rewatch, it could be a 10 for me.
user1: So, my 'finish conversation' button lit up. Is our work done here? If so, it has been a pleasure chatting with you!
user2: I think I would rate it an 8 myself.  Not really a fan of SciFi but husband wanted to see it.  Turned out to be interesting.
user2: Thanks, you too
user1: Have a great weekend :)
user2: Thanks
user2: You too

conversation:
user1: The interception sounds like a pretty decent movie the review seem strong.
user2: The movie seems really confusion at first.
user1: Why do you say that?
user2: It has dream inside dream inside dream, which got all messed up the first time you watch it. 
user2: I wasn't able to figure out in which dream are they currently.
user1: IT seems pretty strong possibly, similar to a lot of other movies though
user2: Well yeah, it is a strong movie for sure. 
user1: I don't see why the genre would be classified as scientific.
user2: It was sort of sci-fi movie. 
user2: Have you watched it? If so did you liked it? I really loved the movie
user1: Find Leonardo DiCaprio strong actor. he probably brings a lot to the movie.
user1: No I have not seen it
user1: I've actually never even heard of it.
user2: Just read, how complex it looks. 
user2: And this is just a part of the movie. 
user1: Yeah like I said it does seem like it has a very strong story line. Sounds like it'll be a good watch
user2: All of the Nolan movies are great watch indeed. 
user2: Will suggest you to watch his movies. 
user1: I have had the opportunity to watch a few of the Nolan movies so far they have all been really good.
user2: 50 years in a dream, woah 
user1: Well this dream sharing technology makes sense as to why it was labeled a scientific
user1: Yes that seems pretty cool
user2: I wonder if this would have been in real life, how cool and dangerous at the same time this would be.
user1: Little far-fetched but yeah
user2: Lol yeah but that would have been dope lol
user2: You now know that Mal will be dead, it wouldn't be much fun with so big spoilers. 
user1: I don't know why Cobb would feel guilty about Mal's death
user1: Especially seeing how she framed him
user2: but in the end Cabb finally meets his children.
user2: Cobb was a good guy, probably would have felt guilty for anyone.
user1: Yeah but being blamed for killing her I personally would have a little resentment.
user2: That's true.
user1: That's weird about the spinning top you have to prove that you're in reality
user2: Its not weird actually. The idea behind it is really thoughtful. 
user1: What I meant was how it spins in the dreams but not in real life
user2: It does fall down in reality no matter how much force you apply in spinning it.
user2: But in reality, anything can happen, thus a spinning wheel can spin indefinitely too. 
user1: Yeah I never thought of it that way
user1: I don't understand why he ignored the results of the top spinning it makes no sense to me
user1: Are you still there?

conversation:
user2: Hello
user2: Our movie is The Inception
user2: Have you heard of it?
user1: Yes, have you seen it?
user2: Yes I have! Have you?
user1: I have! I might need to see it again since the plot is complex.
user2: Me too
user2: I only remember bits and pieces
user1: It's quite stressful but very good.
user2: I know that they go into the dreams of others
user2: but I don't remember why
user1: Me neither. And I think I remember there is some risk with going into other people's dreams.
user2: Right
user2: I'm surprise it only has an 80% rating
user2: *surprised
user1: That is odd. Maybe the 20% didn't like how cerebral it was.
user1: What did you think of the ending? Was he in a dream or no?
user2: I like to think that he wasn't
user1: Me too. That's more depressing, but also makes the story less interesting.
user2: True
user1: I mean more interesting
user2: Was the risk that the dreamer would forget they are dreaming?
user1: Ah, I think that's it. Cause people wouldn't want to leave the dream.
user1: I think that's what happened to his wife.
user2: Right, and then when she woke up she thought she was still dreaming
user2: And killed herself to try to wake up for real
user1: Oh yeah that's right. I forgot all that.
user2: What happened to the kids?
user2: He left them, right?
user1: He walked in on her drowning them.
user2: Oh I don't remember that
user1: I can't remember if it was a dream or not. It was in a lake or creek by their house I think.
user2: I only remember the kids from the very end when he comes back to see them
user1: I could be thinking about Shutter Island... It's been a while.
user2: Haha possibly
user2: Now I kind of want to watch it again
user1: Me too. I only saw it once when it first came out.
user2: Me too

conversation:
user2: Have you seen The Inception?
user1: I have.
user2: How do you think Leonardo DiCarprio did in it?
user1: I think he's an amazing actor. He was one of my favorite characters.
user2: Do you know how long ago it came out?
user1: I think it came out in 2010.

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: HI
user1: HI
user2: have you seen jaws movie
user1: YES
user2: do you like
user1: YES
user2: wt  scene you like most
user1: CATCH THAT JAWS
user2: huum
user2: which year you see that movie
user1: 1987
user2: gr8
user2: how many times you watch this movie.. 
user1: 4 TIMES
user2: have your watch all the jaws series movie
user1: YES
user2: which one is your favorite ?\ 
user1: JAWS : THE REVENGE
user2: I like jaws 3
user1: OHH THAT'S SUPER
user2: do you know , who is the director of flim
user1: JOE ALVES
user2: no... I asked about jaws first film
user1: OHH SORRY Steven Spielberg
user2: I love Steven Spielberg films
user1: OHH OKK
user2: Jurassic park series a masterpiece of cinema  ..
user1: SS I LIKE THAT VERY MUCH MOVIE
user2: this movies location shoot is island of Martha's Vineyard, do you know that?
user1: YES
user1: RECENT JURASSIC PARK MOVIE MORE GREAT
user2: nope...I am taking about jaws
user1: OHH SORRY 
user1: THN
user2: the budget of this movie is only $9 million
user1: OK
user2: and Box office	collection is $470.7 million...
user1: GREAT
user2: this is a Blockbuster at the time,... gr8 movie
user1: YES
user2: tell me about you something...
user1: ABOUT WHAT ?
user2: anything
user2: where a r u from
user1: SURVEY CODE
user2: don't know
user2: you teel me
user2: *tell
user1: I WANT SURVEY CODE
user2: mee to
user2: r u three
user2: ok y

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: Hello, I was reading the document. The movie is Inception!
user2: wow I have heard good things about this movie could you tell me a little about it..
user1: It stars Leonardo DiCaprio as a tortured hero using experimental military technology to infiltrate the subconscious.
user2: what time is it set in? past? future? present?
user1: It's played out much like a chess game but real and surreal. It was made is 2009, but I believe the time the movie is set in would be more of the future due to technology.
user1: Sometimes it's hard to tell since it is all in a dream world. 
user1: Rotten tomatoes, who are pretty skeptical, gave it an 86% rating which is pretty high. 
user2: thanks thats intresting is there a villian like one bad guy or is it and organization thats evil?
user2: or i guess it could be the millitary too right?
user1: It's about a specific target, however, the technology is intended for corporate espionage, and therefore involves more than one character.
user2: ok does the movie take place all around the world or is it just in the dreams?
user1: To break up a energy conglomerate of a competitor Maurice Fischer, Saito wants Cobb to convince Fischer's son and heir, Robert, to dissolve his father's company. 
user2: thanks who does leonardo play?
user1: It takes place all around the world and in dream worlds. It's almost hard to follow at time, but Yusuf's first dream level in in LA.
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio plays Dom Cobb, a professional thief who specializes in conning secrets from his victims by infiltrating their dreams.
user2: Can they jump from dream to dream from multiple people or is it just one persons dreams
user1: At each dream level, the person generating the dream stays behind to set up a kick that will be used to awaken the other sleeping team members, so several people are involved.
user2: so the characters are aware they are about to go deeper into the dream level?
user2: do you know how many levels that ends up going?
user2: are there guns involved in the movies?
user1: Not exactly, some characters get lost in limbo while experimenting with the dream sharing technology. For instance, Mal refused to return to reality, getting reality confused with the shared  dream world. 
user1: I know there is  multi-level dreaming, however, I am cannot remember the exact number of levels.
user2: cool what happens to their real body if they get lost in limbo?
user1: There are armed projections in Fishcher's subconscious, so yes, there are weapons involved with lots of action. 
user1: Escape is extremely difficult.
user1: if they're lost in limbo.
user2: action is good. could someone wake up out of their dream and leave everyone else stuck in limbo?
user1: Generally they establish a kick to wake each other up. 
user1: It is possible for someone t be lost in limbo though.
user2: in the dream world can whoever is dreaming control what is happening in the dream?
user2: can the just dream up a car and poof its there or is it more just like an alternate place?
user1: It's constructed of their shared memories. 
user1: Which is why it can be so confusing and disorientating. 
user2: Thank you this movie sounds really great but attention consuming would you recommend it?
user2: and what would you rate it out of 10?
user1: It is very attention consuming. I wouldn't recommend watching in the background while you do something else, but would recommend it for an action packed movie night. 
user1: The average for this movie is 8 out of ten stars which is pretty high.
user1: 8/10*
user2: ok good ill take your advice. It was a pleasure working with you have a great day.

conversation:
user1: Hello. Have you seen this movie?\
user2: No I haven't
user1: Me either. Based on the information given, does the movie sound like something you would enjoy?
user2: I'm not a huge fan of science fiction, so I kind of doubt I would enjoy it much.
user1: I am a fan of science fiction but this movie never caught my interest. Might be because I really dislike Leonardo DiCaprio.
user2: Oh, dear.   I really like Leonardo DiCaprio, so might get something out of the movie just by virtue of him being in it.
user1: I think the movie looks twisted and confusing. 
user2: I would agree with that
user1: Well, That didn't last long.

conversation:
user2: Hey!
user2: You ready to start?
user1: Yes have you ever seen the movie inception with Leonardo DiCaprio
user2: I have, did you like it?
user1: Yes. I had to watch is a couple of times to truly understand what was going on. It is so creative and engaging. It is a movie you need to pay close attention to but will keep you glued to it.
user2: Its one of my husbands favorite movies. It is definitely one you have to watch a few times through to get the whole thing. 
user2: What was your favorite part?
user1: I wonder how the writer came up with such a story line. It is so intricate and detailed I was really lost the first time I watched but the second time I understood what was happening. I don't watch many movies more than once but this one I could always watch and find something I did not see before.
user1: I don't know I guess the fact that they all had a special item to keep them grounded
user2: The director is super creative, he really knew how to keep you interested. It had a good balance of humor, intense scenes, etc. 
user1: It did really enjoy it every time
user2: I know the task is to chat about a movie, but I never saw if we were supposed to chat about a specific aspect of the movie or not. 
user1: No just the description I have. The technology they use in the movie is so interesting. The fact that it uses the subconscious is almost scary
user2: The casting was also on point, DeCaprio did wonderful. Aslo Joseph Gordon-Levitt is always great!
user2: Yeah, when it starts getting into the subconscious it makes you wonder if science will ever expose peoples subconscious, and if we ever get the ability to, is that something we really want to have access to? 
user1: The idea of shared dreams is so interesting. I wonder if they actually did this would it do damage to the brain. Ellen Page plays a great role. She is also one of my favorite actresses. 
user2: Yeah, sharing dreams would be crazy, because then you could some what control each others dreams. 
user1: I don't think I would want to be in my subconsicous or in anyone elses. I can see why they had to have an item to ground them because it would be very hard not to forget where you are and what you are doing
user2: Definitely. It would be scary not being able to differentiate between reality and a dream. 
user1: Christopher Nolan is the director. Isn't he an actor too? The whole movie was done very well
user2: I'm not sure if he is an actor as well, if so then he is crazy talented. More talented than any one man should be lol
user1: I don't think everyone liked it. If you didn't pay close attention or watch it twice to truly get what was happening. There was a lot going on all the time.
user2: Yeah, the first time I watched it I was not crazy about it, but I was tired and not paying close attention. Its definitely a movie that needs your full attention to fully comprehend. 
user1: After talking about it I may have to watch it again. Haven't seen Ellen Page be any better, well maybe Juno she is awesome in that
user2: I think I own it, I'll have to pull the movie out again and watch it sometime soon. Its been a while since I've watched it. 
user1: Me too years I think. What else can we say the movie and the cast just fit well together. Have you ever watched a movie that you thought the actors did not mesh well, it makes a huge difference
user2: That's very true, I've seen some movies where characters were just played by the wrong actor, and it made a world of difference. 
user1: It is scary and sad all at the same time. I think that it part of why I liked it so much. The fact that one of the characters I think DiCaprio lost his wife and children. Didn't she drown her kids?
user1: I guess when we have chatted enough the survey will let us know?
user2: The finish conversation button should highlight and we should be able to click it
user1: Oh good. Don't know what else to say about the movie. It is one I would recommend to anyone even those who don't like science fiction. It is all around entertaining
user1: I forgot how they had to have the "kick" to bring them back to the real world. What if they didn't work I guess they would live in their own head forever.

conversation:
user1: Hi. I just saw a great movie the other night.
user2: Oh yeah? What movie?
user1: It was called Inception. Have you ever seen it?
user2: I think so. Remind me of the plot
user2: Is Leonardo DeCaprio in it?
user1: Yes. He played a highly adept thief, who's "thing" is influencing cons via dream infiltration.
user2: Right right. But then he had a job to actually plant an idea, right?
user1: Yup yup. A Japanese tycoon or some bigshot like that.
user2: Right! It was a pretty good movie, though highly unbelievable. 
user2: I mean can you imagine being able to infiltrate people's though OR being able to implant an idea?
user2: That's endless power
user1: True. But, the concept of dream infiltration is something that the CIA had tried to perfect in the 1970s.
user2: Really? I didn't know that
user1: Oh, yeah. Definitely some future reading material for you. 
user1: So, unavailability aside, did you like the acting?
user2: It was pretty good. I am a fan of Leonardo anyway. So, I may be a little baised.
user1: Haha.. I totally understand. I like him well enough. Thought he was solid in this and DJANGO UNCHAINED.
user2: Django! He seriously pissed me off in that one. So, you know he was believable. LOL
user1: haha! Yeah, proof that the man can act, right?
user2: I do find it funny that a love story found its way into the plot, though
user2: There's always time for hugs and kisses I guess? :)
user1: Always time for hugs (and sometimes kisses). :D
user2: So, I can't remember how it ended. Did they get stuck in a dream or something?
user1: Not all, just Leo. 
user1: The ending was a big hotbed of discussion after the movie came out. Theories about Leo not being dead, Leo really did meet up with his children, etc.
user2: That's right. It was so back and forth, I got a little confused myself.
user2: Well, the human mind prefers the happy ending I think. So I would rather believe it ended with him in reality with his kids. :0)
user1: Oh, gosh, yes! Humans have a noted penchant for happy endings. With some movies, people will go so far as to say the ending of a particular film never happened.
user2: What? No!!! That's just weird. I don't want to pretend the ending didn't happen just to make myself believe it was a happier ending. Like in the Titanic. I was mad as hell that she let Leonardo freeze to death. Both of them could have gotten on that door. But, that was the ending. No harm, no foul.
user1: Good point. Clear thinking for sure. Unfortunately, though, I have met/worked with people who  did that kinda stuff.
user2: Man. Oh well. That's right up there with the people who went into depression because Utopia wasn't real. I am more of a realist, I guess.
user2: So, I guess I enjoyed the movie. Solid acting and a limbo ending. 
user1: Agreed! :)
user1: The soundtrack to Inception was good. Are you a fan of soundtracks?
user2: I am. But, I don't think I paid much attention to the music on this one. Too busy trying to keep up with the story line.
user2: Have you ever seen Transcendence? It reminds me a lot of this movie?
user1: Yes, I did. I quite liked it. While not something I would want to do/have done to me, I thought the film to be interesting as well as entertaining.
user2: Yes it was! It was also about the subconscious. But the twist was the artificial intelligence angle. 
user2: Plus I am a fan of Johnny Depp. So, once again, biased :)
user2: So, I am thinking we are free to finish this conversation. So, I bid you goodbye.
user1: THank you for the chat. Goodbye to you as well.

conversation:
user2: seems we are talking about inception
user1: Looks like it. Great Christopher Nolan flick
user2: Yeah, with leanoardo dicaprio
user2: hes the best
user1: He's really great. I love the whole cast really, great group of actors
user2: ellen page is attractive lol
user2: the movie was really well done
user2: the concept of going into dreams is cool
user1: I love the way they made it look
user1: Really amazing visuals
user2: Yeah I agree and the sountrack was fantastic too
user1: Do you generally like Nolan movies? 
user2: yeah, i love nolan movies
user2: love all of the batman ones he did great work
user1: What do you think of the whole limbo idea in the movie?
user2: i was always fasinated by it. It would be like getting lost in a black hole
user1: Yeah, it seems like you could get lost there forever
user2: well, i think the concept was that exctly
user1: Hah, true
user2: I think you could get lost in it forever
user1: Dom and Mal were there for what felt like 50 years. Waking up from that would be so weird. Nothing would feel right
user2: i know that would be so weird
user2: like time travel almost
user1: Being young after feeling so old might be pretty cool though
user2: lol ain that the truth!
user2: whats your favorite scene?
user1: I love the part with the kicks, when they're trying to wake up. It's really tense and exciting
user1: What about you?
user2: i liked the spinning hallway fight scene 
user1: Oh yeah, that's really cool
user1: So the big question
user1: Does the top fall at the end?
user2: LOL thats a great question 
user2: what do you think?
user1: I think it falls
user2: so you think he made it out of limbo?
user1: I do, yeah. He's awake
user2: or did he was up into another dream?
user2: wow, spell check
user2: *wake up

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Have you seen inception?
user2: No, I have not.
user2: Who is in it?
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like science fiction movies?
user2: Oh he is a good actor.
user2: I am not a huge science fiction fan though.
user1: Do you generally watch movies with good ratings? Users rated this 8.1 out of 10.
user2: Yes I do. That is a pretty high rating. 
user2: If I remember correctly that movie won several Oscars.
user1: Do you pay attention to what the critics have to say about a movie?
user2: Sometimes I do but sometimes I pay more attention to a movies trailer to see if it may interest me.
user1: If you like DiCaprio you might like this movie. One critic said that it will draw you in with a love story that will appeal even to non-sci-fi fans.
user2: A love story? That does sound interesting. I like more comedies and romance movies.
user2: Who plays the love interest in the movie?
user1: Great. Then I think this movie may be something that you would like. Ellen Page plays Ariadne a graduate student of architecture.
user1: She is recruited to construct dreamscapes which are described as mazes.
user2: Sounds interesting. I have never seen any movies with her in it before.
user1: Maybe you would like some other cast members Joseph Gordon-Levitt plays Arthur who researches the missions and Tom Hardy plays Eames an associate of Cobb (DiCaprio).
user2: Oh yea both of those guys are good actors.  What kind of Business do they do?
user1: Cobb is a professional thief who specializes in conning secrets from his victims by infiltrating their dreams. Cobb's partner Arthur manages and researches the missions while Ellen Page plays a key part to the love story. She constructs these "dreamscapes".
user2: So they are all working together?
user1: Yes, Cobb and Arthur are known as "extractors".
user2: They are using these secrets against people to conn them?
user1: They perform corporate espionage using an experimental military technology to infiltrate the subconscious of their targets and extract valuable information from a shared dream world.
user2: This isn't a movie where it all ends up being a dream is it?
user1: I'd hate to give away too much of the plot. Especially if you plan on seeing it. I don't want to ruin the movie for you.
user2: What else should I know about the movie?
user1: Their target in "inception" is Saito who wants to break up an energy conglomerate of ailing competitor.
user1: Saito wants Cobb to convince Fischer's son and heir, Robert to dissolve his fathers company.
user1: There is nothing else I can say about it, without giving too much of the plot away.
user2: So other people are in the same business?
user2: I know I don't want you to give the plot away.
user2: I am not 100% sure it is my type of movie except for the love story part.
user1: Saito wants to test Cobb with a seemly impossible job. Planting an idea in a persons subconscious or "inception

conversation:
user1: hello!
user2: hello pal
user1: Hi. What kind of movies do you like? Have you seen Inception?
user2: I do love movies with good story line and nice concepts
user2: Inception????? I am not sure
user1: It has Leonardo DiCaprio in it.
user2: may if you jog my memory 
user2: wow, that must be big then
user1: He plays a thief who cons people out of their secrets by hacking into their dreams while they are asleep.
user2: what's the genre of the movie?
user1: It came out in 2009
user1: It's in the scientific genre.
user2: way back 2009? i am shocked i havent watched it
user2: you mean science fiction?
user2: who else starred in the movie asides Leonardo D?
user1: Yeah, it could fall into science fiction. But it is mostly scientific since the characters use science to sedate people into falling asleep.
user1: Joseph Gordon Levitt is in it also. Along with Ellen Page, and Tom Hardy.
user2: wow, then it should be a movie to see for me!
user1: Joseph plays the character named Arthur, who is a friend of Dom Cobb (Leo), and he helps Dom by managing and researching their missions.
user1: Together they are considered "extractors" who extract info from people while asleep.
user1: Some of the dream go haywire, as you can probably imagine.
user1: They use experimental military technology to infiltrate the subconscious.
user2: how would you rate the movie on a scale of 1-10?
user1: I saw it when it first came out, I would give it about an 8 or a 9. Rotten Tomatoes gives it an 8.1 out of 10.
user2: that means the movie must be similar to sherlock holmes
user1: A bit less detective than Sherlock Holmes, but very mysterious like that.
user2: if rotten tomatoes could give it 8 maybe i need to go see it
user2: who directed the movie
user1: Yes, you should definitely see it. There are A LOT of plot twists that I don't want to reveal here. It's a great movie.
user1: Christopher Nolan directed it.
user2: owh, i am excited already, may be i will see it soon when i am less busy
user1: Yes. And like you said, if Leonardo is in it, you know it's a great movie, 
user2: what is the cinema rating?
user2: i like to see different ratings before committing to watching a movie
user1: IMDB gave it 8.8 out of 10. So pretty similar to Rotten Tomatoes.
user2: and i hope there is a bit of action there
user1: Yes, LOTS of action. You will love it.
user1: Hope you have a good time watching the movie.
user1: Will talk to you later!
user2: thanks a buch pal
user1: Bye
user2: bye

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: hi
user1:  Who is your favorite character?
user2: dom yours?
user1: I like the ellen page character and the tom hardy character
user2: do you like the idea of this movie?
user2: it is like lucid dreams
user1: seems pretty far fetched
user1: yes, but how does it work?
user1: I guess corporate espionage would be a good reason to do it—that's where the money is
user1: That is, you'd think governments would have this technology, not corporations, but they have lots of money to develop it and would use it for their own ends
user2: yes 
user2: maybe this technology is in use 
user2: but secreatly
user1: in corporations or governments?
user2: gov
user1: perhaps. . . what do you think they are incepting
user2: they are putting a idea in your mind
user1: everyone, or just me?
user2: without you knowing
user1: like what?
user2: i don't know 
user2: but it is strange movie
user1: what was the whole romance thing for the Dom character_-I was confused by that
user2: he killed his family
user2: i think
user1: I rhought that was a dream and it was his wife who killed herself in the real world
user1: but the family death thing was confusing
user2: yes
user2: i will watch it again
user2: it is hard movie to understand
user2: but it is top 10 movie in last 5 years
user1: I have it on mpg file or something, but the ending is corrupted, so the file ends just a few minutes before the real ending, so that confuses me even more
user1: I did see the whole thing at one time, but it's not a movie you can completely understand if it gets cut off
user2: at the end i think he stays in the dream
user1: I think so, too. His spinning top doesn't stop
user2: yes
user2: that is reality check
user2: also works in the lucid dreams
user1: but we don't know why
user1: I chose the Notebook to discuss at first--that might have been a better choice
user2: because in the dream the rules of physics dont work
user1: I don't think I have much more to say, You/
user1: /
user1: ?
user2: yes
user2: nice chat
user2: :D
user1: thanks!
user2: all the best

conversation:
user1: hello!
user1: how are you?
user2: FINE
user1: Good. Can we talk about inception?
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: ya i seen
user1: Well, what do you think about it?
user1: what did you like about it?
user2: this is my new type survey.
user1: Well, we should talk abou the film.
user1: I really liked Leonardo Dicaprio acting.
user1: The setting was really unique
user2: ya super 
user1: the effects while creating the dreams were amazing.
user1: You should talk more about the film}
user1: I think Leo was still dreaming when the movie ended
user2: i like very much this movie
user1: The limbo and dream scenes were very awesome.
user1: It won several academy awards
user1: If you do not talk about the movie you will be rejected

conversation:
user1: hi
user1: I sense you have something you want to ask me.
user2: hi
user2: yes
user2: do you know any of the cast members? 
user1: of what movie?
user2: Inception
user1: (I don't have any documentation)
user1: oh, Inception
user1: I've heard about that
user1: who's in it?
user2: Leonardio Dicaprio and Ellen Page
user2: Also Tom Hardy
user1: is it a comedy?
user2: actually the genre is science fiction
user1: like vampires?
user2: It has a good rating on rotten tomatoes 
user2: not exactly 
user1: cool
user1: what is it's imdb rating?
user2: its about corporate espionate using an experimental technology
user2: 8.8/10
user1: wow
user1: that's high
user2: i know
user2: it was made in 2009
user1: kinda old
user1: did the critics like it?
user2: yes
user2: it has 3 key scenes 
user1: can you tell me more?
user2: the critics rated it highly 
user1: about the scenes
user2: There are extractors who can infiltrate the subconcious
user2: the critics say it is a knockout

conversation:
user2: HII
user1: hi
user2: ARE YOU WATCHED FILM
user1: no
user2: WHY
user2: GOOD FILM 
user1: oh ok
user1: u watched 
user2: YES
user2: I WATCHED  
user2: u watch first 
user1: ok
user1: sure
user2: you know who is director 
user2: heloo 
user2: are you there
user1: ssss
user2: ok
user1: who is the director of movie
user2: i like this movie
user2: watched 5 time
user1: which character u like
user2: Dom Cobb character like  much
user1: when u watch this movie
user2: last year 
user2: and now also
user2: helo
user1: yes
user1: good
user2: ok next
user2: Dom Cobb,
user2: When the elder Fischer dies in Sydney, Robert Fischer accompanies the body on a ten-hour flight back to Los Angeles, which the team (including Saito, who wants to verify theirsuccess) uses as an opportunity to sedate and take Fischer into a shared dream. At eachdream level, the person generating the dream stays behind to set up a "kick" that will beused to awaken the other sleeping team members from the deeper dream level; to besuccessful, these kicks must occur simultaneously at each dream level, a fact complicateddue to the nature of time which flows much faster in each successive level. The first level isYusuf's dream of a rainy Los Angeles. The team abducts Fischer, but they are attacked byarmed projections from Fischer's subconscious, which has been specifically trained todefend him against such intruders. The team takes Fischer and a wounded Saito to awarehouse, where Cobb reveals that while dying in the dream would normally wake Saitoup, the powerful sedatives needed to stabilize the multi-level dream will instead send adying dreamer into "limbo", a world of infinite subconscious from which escape is extremelydifficult, if not almost impossible, and a dreamer risks forgetting they are in a dream.Despite these setbacks, the team continues with the mission.
user1: bye 
user1: leave it
user2: ok bye bye

conversation:
user1: hello
user1: hello
user2: Hello there. 
user1: how you doing?
user2: I'm alright. You?
user1: ok
user2: That's good. 
user1: we are talking this 
user1: movie
user1: can off 2009
user1: with Leonardo DiCaprio
user1: do you like with leonardo dicaprio
user1: molvies
user1: movies

conversation:
user1: Hey
user1: Are you reading the document? I don't have anything on my side. 
user2: Hi so the movie is Inception directed by Christopher Nolan, have you seen it?
user1: Yes I have! Have you?
user1: It's a pretty phenomenal movie. Actually one of my favorites of all time
user2: Yeah, it is probably on my top ten list for movies. 
user1: Not going to lie, Leo had a stretch of movies that came about over the course of a couple years that were all really well done.
user1: I'm surprised it took him so long to win a Grammy lol
user2: Yea he did. 
user2: I think everyone is a little surprised at that lol
user2: Oscar lol
user2: no Grammy
user1: Wait...
user1: right
user1: Haha sorry 
user1: Do you have any recommendations based on Inception that you think I might like?
user2: Hmmmmm,  not a movie but have you seen the show Black Mirror?
user1: Alright well, if you like Nolan you should check out Interstellar and Dunkirk. Both legit
user2: Did you get the next document?
user2: I have seen both and they are amazing.
user1: On netflix? I saw 2 eps and quit real quick lol. Too "out there" for me
user2: Interstellar may be my favorite movie.
user1: MINE TOO
user1: WORD
user1: But no, I didn't take a doc
user1: My task list says the other user will get one
user1: "The other user will read a document about a movie."
user2: Oh yeah I have this document with a bunch a facts about interstellar
user1: Copy and Paste some to me
user2: Lol
user1: Might be interesting, who knows
user2: Won't let me copy it.
user1: dumb
user1: mad dumb
user2: It just describes scenes of the movie.
user2: But we have both seen it so
user1: Ohhh ok, I thought it was going to be behind the scenes type info
user1: Yeah no need then
user2: I am supposed to persuade you to watch the movie but you already have lol
user1: -_- lol well at least we raved about it in the chat. that should provide some insight for the proctors lol
user1: I just got the cue to finish conversation. Nice talking to you!
user2: Damn, it got a 86% on RT and a 8.8 on IMDB. Do you use those sites?

conversation:
user2: Hi, what is the movie?
user1: Hi! Did you see Inception?
user2: Not yet. What kind of movie is it?

conversation:
user1: hey
user2: So, have you ever seen the movie?
user1: What movie is it
user2: The inception
user1: No, I have never seen that
user1: it sounds interesting
user2: Well, I'm not for science fiction movies myslef
user1: I like some of them
user2: Yeah, CLick was good
user1: I have seen that though
user2: And Hottub Time Machine
user1: it was not bad
user1: That was very funny
user2: I liked the first one better though
user1: Yeah, the second one is not very good
user2: I think maybe the inception could be good.  Tom Hardy in it
user1: I do like him a lot
user1: he is a very good actor
user2: I am not a fan of Leonardo Dicaprio though
user1: Yeah, he is a little overrated
user2: I agree
user1: It probably is a good movie though
user2: It probably is.  Mayve you could rent it in stead of buyying it
user1: Yeah, that would be a better option
user2: Yeah, and it would be cheaper
user1: I might do that eventually
user2: I always rent the movies I'm unsure of
user1: thats the samrt way to go
user2: I do like going to the theater though.  Popcorn and air hockey
user1: I love going to the theater
user2: Yeah, it is pretty fun!

conversation:
user1: HELLO
user2: Hi! The movie is Inception by Christopher Nolan.
user2: You should watch it because it has an 86% rating on Rotten Tomatoes
user1: That's a good rating
user1: what is the concept
user2: Two workers job's are to con secrets out of victims by infiltrating their dreams
user1: cool. how did that turn out
user2: A business man arranges a mission into his own head to see if they can plant an idea in someone's head 
user1: interesting.  Any big name actors?
user2: Leonardo Dicaprio, Joseph Gordon Levitt and Tom Hardy
user1: director?
user2: Christopher Nolan
user1: Great actors and director for sure
user2: Yeah definitely.  Some reviews call it ingenious
user1: good ending or does it say?
user2: I'm not sure, but i'm sure its online somewhere.  Ellen Page is in the movie too, and there is a lot about military technology
user1: I love movies with military technology
user2: Same. As for the ending, Leonardo Dicaprio and another character build a new world, and the other character commits suicide to try to "wake up" after some confusion with the dream worlds. Leonardo has to flee the country and leave his children behind because he is blamed for the death. 
user1: Any critic comments of note
user2: Someone says the movie is a metaphor for delusional hype
user1: hahah
user1: sounds fascinating thought.  Big fan of DiCaprio so I'm sure its good
user2: Another critic calls it a "knockout" so i'm sure its good
user1: For sure
user1: whats the big climax
user2: Someone gets revived after being killed, and all chracters are eventually brought back to reality. The last scene is when Leo uses his totem which tests whether or not he is in reality to make sure he actually woke up, but the result is not revealed
user1: oh yeah, with the spinning top
user2: exactly
user1: I may have to check this out.  hope its on netflix lol
user2: Yeah I definitely liked the suspense
user2: Well nice talking to you!

conversation:
user1: I like this movie, Do you?
user2: I am also
user2: have you enjoy this movie?
user1: It is interesting how someone infiltrates your dreams. It is a unique Idea for a movie
user1: I don't know what the comment about the chess game has to do with the movie though?
user2: yes it is a unique idea. which is described as mazes
user1: It is an awesome movie though
user2: yes , the game result is knockout
user2: yes it is an awesome movie
user1: I wonder what the love story is about
user2: the movie is a metaphor for the power of delusional hype-a metaphor for it self
user2: is it?
user1: Yes I believe so
user1: Set a kick that will awaken the sleeping person, Hmmmm
user2: here japanese businessman Saito reveals tha he arranged their  to test cobb.
user1: It's a weird way to wake someone.
user2: ok 
user1: Cobb dies in the dream to wake Saito up,?
user2: yes Dom cobb is a professional theif 
user1: Armed projections from Fischer's subconscious attacks the abductors, Interesting 
user2:  yes it is very interesting mission
user1: I cant't imagine how the limbo phase felt like. 
user2: Shakespeare said a dream that hath no bottom. its a good theme in it
user1: A world of infinite subconciousness
user2: finally cobb feels guit  over Malls death. it is great situation is it?
user1: yes
user1: 50 years in dreamland
user1: Mal refused to return to the real world  after 50 years in dreamland. 
user2: yes 50 years dreamland, finally all awake 
user1: Mal must have enjoyed it so much. He actually committed sucide when they woke him up.
user2: very emotional situation
user1: Cobb regretted waking him up. Felt guilty over his death.
user2: framed cobb for her death to force him to do
user1: Synchronized kicks back to realty 
user2: he facing a murder charge
user1: Now I see
user2: through his confession cobb finds pease
user1: It is indeed a chess game. Where is the love story though
user2: yes it is chess game but it is love story also

conversation:
user1: how are you?
user2: I'm good! Have you seen Inception before?
user1: not 
user2: You should totally see it. It's a SciFi film with a Leonardo Diario! He plays this dude who steals secrets from people's dreams.

conversation:
user2: hai
user1: Hi
user1: Did you watch the movie?
user2: You see scientific film
user2: yes i watched
user2: Which year you saw
user1: 2009
user2: Which character you like  
user1: Dom Cobb
user1: I like the main concept of the movie. The movie is very far from reality .. But the Concept of the movie makes us stick to the seats
user1: Did you like the concept of extractors?
user1: Are you ther
user1: Ok
user1: What did you like in the movie?
user1: Please respond. Thanks
user1: Are you there

conversation:
user1: HEY
user1: YOU THERE?
user2: Hi there
user1: INCEPTION LOOKS LIKE A GOOD MOVIE.
user2: It does.  Have you seen it?
user1: YES IT IS A VERY GOOD MOVIE. SO CONFUSING THOUGH!
user2: I agree, it was very confusing.  The fact that they have to go into people's subconscious and what is real and isn't was hard to keep straight.
user1: YES IT WAS. TOO MUCH GOING ON.
user1: WOULD YOU SEE IT AGAIN?
user2: It seems like one of those movies you actually should see a couple times so you can keep track of what is actually going on.
user1: RIGHT SAME. I THINK THAT WAY AS WELL.
user2: It got an 8.1/10 on Rotten Tomatoes...I wonder if it would have been higher if it wasn't as confusing
user1: PROBABLY SO. I LIKE A LITTLE BIT OF MYSTERY SO I DID LOVE IT BUT JUST THE ENDING MADE ME
user1: IT MADE ME FRUSTRATED
user2: The back and forth between are they in a dream, and the fact that the character themselves could get stuck in the dream and forget, that would be a scary scenario to be in.

conversation:
user1: Hi!
user2: hey
user1: Have you seen Inception?
user2: yes, it is a great movie :D
user1: I thought so too! It was really exciting.
user1: I like Leonardo DiCaprio movies, don't you?
user2: yes, i needed to be very attentive
user2: to understand it
user2: yes , he is a good actor
user1: There were so many twists
user2: i know, that is why i liked it
user1: Which part was the most exciting, do you think?
user2: i cant say, those dreams and the action
user2: everything was passing really quick
user1: It blew my mind how they went into people's brains
user1: Especially because they were military
user2: yes it was amazing
user1: And it all happened on a plane
user2: really?
user1: Yes, in the main character's dream
user1: Then they got lost in their own dreams for a while
user2: that is mindblowing
user1: Fifty years I think
user2: i think i need to rewatch it
user1: It's super intense
user2: i know
user1: It's kind of sad at the end
user2: i think so
user1: Do you generally watch thrillers?
user2: when i have time yes
user1: Did you see Inception in theaters?
user1: Hello?
user2: yes
user2: sorry
user1: No worries
user2: i think we can stop here
user2: it was fun
user1: Thanks!

conversation:
user1: Hi, Have you watched this movie?
user2: I haven't.
user1: The ratings are really good.
user2: I remember seeing the reviews though, it looked interesting.
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio did a really great job
user2: I agree.  I would see it if it were on Netflix or Redbox.
user1: It kind of makes your brain hurt sometimes :) This movie really makes you think
user2: The special effects were supposed to be incredible as well.
user1: Do you like the cast?
user2: For the most part, except perhaps for Gordon-Levitt.
user1: Do you care about ratings? For example, if the movie had really bad ratings would you still watch it
user1: I watched this movie because he ratings were good and i wasn't disappointed
user2: Ratings are certainly a factor, although not the most important one.  I'd watch a movie with bad ratings if there were something else drawing me to it, like the actors or the screenplay itself.
user2: Is it the type of movie you'd watch again, if only to catch additional clues you might have missed?
user1: Yes! I watched it several times. There are so many details i didn't notice at first
user2: Was there a big plot twist at the end that explained previous parts?
user1: Yes! Don't want to spoil but there was a twist and I was even googling what could the ending mean
user2: Is there a possibility of a sequel?  Or did it end definitively with no chance for another one?
user1: Do you like the idea of the movie? (that people can go into other people's dreams to get the information they need)
user1: I don't think there will be a sequel
user2: I do.  Sci-fi type movies are usually pretty fun, unless they're based on books for teens (like Twilight or Maze Runner)
user1: I agree, I love Sci-Fi movies
user1:  Can't believe this movie came out 9 years ago
user2: Wow, that long ago?  
user1: yes, it says it came out in 2009
user1: I need to watch it again. it was good
user2: I may have to find it then to see for myself.  Since it's so old, I can probably find it for $5 or so on Amazon
user1: Or maybe even for free on demand
user2: True.  I'll have to check that as well.
user1: It's crazy because in this movie people could go in multi-dream
user1: it's like a dream inside the dream
user2: So the layers of reality become blurred?  Hard to tell where one dream starts and another starts?

conversation:
user1: Hello, let's chat about movie.
user2: Hello sure
user2: I had a hard time understanding the movie when I first watched it
user1: The movie is called The Inception, are you talking about this one.
user2: Yeah
user2: weird movie complicated
user1: Actually I've never watched it, but I'd love to hear more about it
user1: Is it more like an action movie or a drama?
user2: Action AND drama movie and suspense thriller. Well, it's about a guy named Cobb who has to go INSIDE the dream of another person to brainswash them or rather manipulate their memories / thoughts
user2: Don't want to spoil it for you. You should watch it
user1: is another person a lady?
user2: No
user2: The other person is a CEO of a big energy company
user1: Who is the guy named Fischer?
user2: Fischer is the father of the guy that cobb has to infiltrate
user2: Well there's 2 fischers
user2: The father and the son
user2: The father is dying and so the son will inherit his companies and holdings
user1: Is there any romance involved?
user2: Cobb's mission is to infiltrate the son's dreams and convice the son to dissolve all his holdings
user2: Kinda. Cobb supposedly has a wife and child
user2: but he cannot see them because he's a wanted criminal
user2: IF he does this last inception job, he will be able to see his wife and child
user2: as his reward I guess
user1: How about this Ariadne?
user1: she's a graduate student?
user2: Ariadne is the graduate student that Cobb recruits to help him yeah
user1: does arthur help him along the way?
user2: I don't remember hmm
user2: OHHH
user2: YES
user2: Arthur does help him, he's the partner guy
user2: cobb's partner 
user2: Arthur manages and researches the missions for cobb
user1: I see
user1: I was just wondering why you found the movie weird?
user2: Because going inside the dreams of another person is so strange 
user1: I'm thinking if I should watch it or not
user2: Like seems impossible
user2: there's Different layers or levels of dreams as well
user2: You should watch it
user1: Looks like it has a lot of sci-fi elements.
user2: It makes your brain think
user2: yes, a lot of sci fi elements 
user2: You can die in the dream world!
user2: it's crazy
user1: How do they actually do it in the movie? hook up to a machine?
user2: Yeah, they hook up to a machine and all experience the dreamworld of the person they enter
user1: thanks for all the info
user2: No problem
user1: I'll def watch it!
user2: cool

conversation:
user1: looks like we are talking about inception
user1: jesus its been years since ive seen that
user2: It's been a while for me too, but definitely a great flick.
user1: oh that it is for sure. I love leonardo di caprio
user1: Did you notice that titanic ends with him drifting away at sea and the movie begins with him washing up on a beach?
user1: I dont think that was a coincidence 
user2: Leo is awesome. I was actually pretty psyched about the whole cast and crew.
user1: lol
user2: Brilliant mind, I didn't even catch that!
user1: joseph gordon-levitt is my actor man crush LOL 
user1: I love the soundtrack too
user2: Tom Hardy seems to sneak into EVERY film lately.
user1: hans zimmer is a music god
user1: he was the films composer
user2: Really? What else has he done?
user1: all of the new batman movies
user1: interstellar
user1: the last samurai, dunkirk
user1: al movies with GREAT soundtracks
user1: I think even disney's the prince of egypt
user2: Makes sense, Nolan has the vibe on lock. I really liked how he managed to pull the whole "dream within a dream" feel in this one.
user1: yeah, it was one of my favorite action flicks ever
user1: the cast and the story are both top notch. I love when they go into limbo at the end
user1: jesus
user1: its literal jesus level material right there
user2: That was probably my favorite part.
user2: Holding them there for a chance to slow down the impact.
user1: its got that "matrix but more serious" vibe. The movie made you think. I love how it didnt leave you confused about the plot like so many movies now adays
user1: not many movies can compare to this one
user1: christopher nolan may be better than JJ Abrams. Just a personal opnion though
user2: Not at all. The Matrix was nice in that respect. There definitely wasn't a truly comparable film. I'd be interested in seeing Nolan do something else like this in the future...probably not a sequel...but maybe a connected universe.
user2: He has a gift.
user1: He does indeed. You know, they left it available for a sequel but sometimes questions are the best
user2: Exactly.
user1: it makes you think. Like a good book. 
user2: It's that spinning top...you never really know.
user1: all these campysuper hero movies with ass and skin suits is killing me. I love a nice ass as much as the next guy, but nothing beats a good story with classy women
user1: plus ellen page is basically the perfect woman in my eyes
user2: You know, a well developed movie with good writing beats a bunch of explosions any day. But I'll take some explosions on the side to spice it up.
user1: so theres that. that freakin red sweater and cowlneck hrrrng
user1: yeah, explosions are like salt 
user1: it makes things better, but too much just stinks
user2: You got that right. I've wondered though...how did they time all the dreams together?
user2: I mean...when they started to go real deep...things became synchronized.
user1: thats a great question that i guess we have to speculate on. Id have to watch the movie again to remind myelf of everything. Its goin on 4 years since the last time id seen it
user2: I know that it had something to do with balancing the difference in time between the dream layers. With each layer speeding up time, but how would one know exactly how fast a single layer is going without doing it before or conducting tests?
user2: Seemed like they were just winging it a bit...couldn't ended badly.

conversation:
user2: Hi..
user1: Hi, have you seen this movie? I haven't, but I love Leonardo DiCaprio.
user1: Are you there?
user2: Yes..This is super historical movie 
user2: Me also liked Leonardo DiCaprio..He is a marvelous actor
user1: I love movies relating to corporate espionage.  Is this movie intense?
user2: Yes..this is very intense
user1: Nolan is a great director.
user2: Yes...sure
user1: I also like Joseph Gordon-Levitt. Do you?
user1: This seems like a very sci-fi movie.
user2: Yeak..Very like this a director.
user2: Yes..sci-fi movie
user1: That's wierd that they are attacked by Fisher's subconscious
user2: Yes...Its is true
user2: She's acting very well in this movie
user1: Interesting that they can monitor the person's dreams, wish I could do that.
user1: Yes, I like Ellen Page
user2: Yeah. Its very interesting and dream comes a story
user1: And Ellen Page constructs the various dreamscapes, interesting
user2: Yes..and Tom Hardy also proof him this movie
user1: OMG, they spend 50 years in the dream!
user2: ohhhhhh...ok
user1: Interesting how they can control the person's mind.
user2: Yeah...its very nice
user1: This sounds a little to sci-fi for me.
user2: Ok..but its all are super this movie
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio is my favorite actor 
user1: I've seen a lot of his movies too. I guess I didn't see this one due to it being sci-fi
user2: Yeah its really
user1: Interesting thast sees a projection of his father.
user2: Thank you

conversation:
user1: Hi, how are you?  Have you seen the movie Inception?
user2: Hi, Yes, I have seen Inception!
user1: Oh fabulous!  What a great movie.  It stars Leonardo DiCaprio as Dom Cobb.  He's a professional thief.  As you clearly know.  It got great reviews on Rotten Tomatoes and IMDB.
user2: It should get great reviews, it was really entertaining! 
user1: Critics have described it as a "wildly ingenious chess game", which I would say is quite accurate.  
user1: I think the addition of Tom Hardy and Ellen Page and Joseph Gordon-Levitt also helpped to strengthen the cast and make it an overall hit, don't you?
user2: Yes, I agree they are all very good actors. I really like Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
user1: Yes, he is great.  Do you like Christopher Nolan movies (the director) in general, or have you seen any of his other movies?
user2: I'm not sure, what else is he known for?
user1: I am not sure either.  I thought the overall plot of Inception was so wildly creative and it kept me intrigued throughout.
user2: yeah, you're right. I really like creative movies that I haven't seen a story-line like before.
user2: what did you think of the ending?
user1: well, I thought it was a decent ending.  My favorite scene however was when Fischer was abducted, and they took him to that warehouse.  I thought that was so fascinating.
user1: Did you like the ending?
user2: That scene was intense. What did you find so fascinating about the warehouse specifically?
user1: I loved the idea of putting the dying dreamer into "limbo", a world where you had infinite subconsciousness.  Such an interesting and abstract idea.  The risk of not recalling the fact that you're in a dream?  It intrigued me.  
user1: It clearly seemed like a key scene of the movie, though.  It was suspenseful too in spite of the whole deeper dream thing.
user2:  Almost like being trapped in the dream, was it really a dream, it messes with perception of reality.
user1: Yeaah exactly, that's what I liked about it.  I like when movies mess with the perception of reality and question what is real.  This movie was great at that
user1: The idea of dreamscapes being created and described as "mazes" is also interesting to me, what do you think
user2: Agreed! It makes me nervous of being trapped in my mind, it seems to vivid and as though it's probable. Would you see it again?
user1: Yeah I would because it's been a long time since I saw it!  Would you?
user2: yeah! I'd like to introduce more people to it too!
user1: Do you remember the scene where Cobb and Mai spent fifty years in a dream constucting a world from their own memories that they shared?  I thought that was interesting too, like what if we could do that?
user1: And then remember the aftermath of that, where Mal thought she was still dreaming when she actually woke up, then killed herself, framed Cobb, who was then facing a murder charge?
user2: 50 years in a dream seems like a prison sentence.Yeah, I remember. Maybe I'd like it if it was a really pleasant dream.
user1: yeah seriously.  and it was actually only a few hours.  Yeah I know right?  I was still kinda unsure in the ending when he joined his kids in that garden, was he dreaming or was it real?
user2: That is the scary part, not knowing dream land from reality and being harmed by yourself because of not knowing which side of the line you're on.
user1: Yeah exactly!  Like what happened to them.  It is a bit scary.  Perhaps staying in reality is best.
user1: Have we met the requirements of this HIT?
user2: exactly, I wasn't sure either.
user1: I feel that we have.
user2: me too
user2: i think 12 are required]
user1: okay have a great afternoon! enjoy Inception if you re watch.  Yeah I think so, an d I believe we've met that.
user2: have a great day friend

conversation:
user2: Good day to you!
user1: Hi. We're talking about Inception.
user2: Great! Have you seen the movie?
user1: I have not, personally.  But it has a very high rating on Rotten Tomatoes, and I plan on seeing it.   The reviews say that it's really good.  
user2: It sounds like a good movie. What's it about?
user1: It's about a team of people who extract information from a person's dreams.   They're hired to plant an idea in someone's mind in order to break up his business.  
user2: Sounds very interesting and very original which is rare in films these days... Do you know who directed it?

conversation:
user2: Hey!
user1: Hey there!
user1: This looks like a wicked movie!
user2: I am a huge fan of Leonardo Dicaprio and Christopher Nolan as a director; looks awesome
user1: I'm not a sci-fi guy.....but after reading this...wow.
user2: yeah it definitely looks like one to check out.. The rating of it is high
user1: It's clearly the type of flick that one needs to pay attention throughout to develop a deep and meaningful appreciation for the plot.
user2: I completely agree! 
user1: I've never visited the rotten tomato website....rarely do I rely on reviews etc...
user2: I'm not too sure who Dom Cobb is, though
user1: I can usually tell just by the trailer and the actors involved.
user2: Interesting concept; a shared dream.. This really sounds insane
user1: Pretty sure Dom Cobb is just a fictional character that is played by DiCaprio
user2: Oh I misunderstood that.. Makes sense now, haha
user1: Made in 2009...I'm surprised I haven't heard of it...but if it is truly Sci-Fi, then I can see why I haven't....I usually stick to horror/thriller
user2: I cant believe this came out in 2009 and I've missed it
user2: I like horror as well
user1: Ha!  Too funny.  
user2: fifty years in a dream? I can't even imagine, lol
user1: That is a long time to slumber...and then come to!
user2: Yeah it probably feels like a massive hangover when you wake up
user1: HA!  A dream that hath no bottom.
user1: So based on everything, do you agree with the rating of the movie?
user2: I don't see a reason why the rating shouldn't be too high.. I guess it depends on how slow paced it is.. I don't like movies that drag on and on
user2: but it seems interesting enough
user2: what about you?
user1: The concept of a totem seems very intriguing.
user2: it definitely does.. 
user1: I would give this a whirl, most certainly.
user2: The spinning top sounds interesting
user2: same here
user1: That whole thing of joining the kids in the garden seems a bit creepy....as if he doesn't want to own up to the reality.
user2: Yes, a weird kind of state to be in
user1: Well it's been pleasant sharing this dream with you.  Have a good day.
user2: Same here, you were fun!

conversation:
user2: Who gets to start this?
user2: Have you seen Inception? Or, based on this info, do you want to see it?
user2: Do you like these actors?
user2: How about them tomatoes?
user1: hi
user2: hi
user1: I like Le DdCaprio, I have seen him in mnay movies
user1: have you seen thos movie?
user2: Yeah, he's good. Did you see him in this movie?
user1: It is interesting but pretty confusing
user1: Yes, I saw this movie
user2: Yeah, I did. But he's fine in any movie, even if the movie is dorky.
user1: It also has Ellen Page who has acted well
user2: I liked Inception. It was visually appealing.
user1: The plot is good but it is complicated
user1: The movie is about dreams that go further into several dreams
user2: I remember this part; they are dreaming but seem to be able to get into each other's dreams.
user2: Right, what you said.
user1: The director Christopher Nolan is known for these kind of movies
user2: But you are also right when you said this plot is quite complicated.
user2: Nolan is great, I loved his Batman's.
user2: Did you understand this part about the Japanese guy, this Saito? That's when the movie got really confusing for me.
user2: This movie has an 8-9 level rating, pretty high. I think it's because of the visuals.

conversation:
user2: Hey let's talk about the movie Inception
user2: So Leonardo DiCaprio infiltrates peoples' dreams in this movie
user1: Cool, is that the movie with Leo decaprio
user1: Yes it is
user1: I remember seeing the previews for that
user2: Yes, he and Joseph Gordon-Levitt are pretty big parts in the movie. Gordon-Levitt (Cobb in the movie) manages and researches the missions
user1: So are the missions to steal information like nuke codes that someone has in their mind
user2: They do corporate espionage by getting in the subconscious of their targets and get the valuable info through the shared dream world
user2: Ellen Page was Ariadne in the movie. She was the graduate student architect that DiCaprio (Cobb) recruited to reconstruct the various dreamscapes
user1: how do they get into the targets minds don't they need some kind of connection
user2: So I guess that the target of Dicaprio and gordon levitt was a Japanese businessman who then revealed he arranged the mission himself to see if they could plant an idea in someone else's head
user1: sounds like it has a lot of twists in it
user2: definitely.I guess the Japanese man (Saito) wanted to break up the energy conglomerate of Maurice Fischer by convinving Fischer's son and heir to dissolve the company
user1: That's a good way to do it lol, was it successful?
user2: I'm not sure...Saito (the Japanese Business man) involved with Dicaprio (Cobb) sedates Fischer's son after Maurice dies
user1: Well its sounds like a good movie to see as long as you are able to pay attention to it and not be in a room full of kids or something
user2: I agree. You should definitely watch it without kids
user2: it's a complicated movie...I guess the guy's mind that they sedated was set up to protect against intruders in his dreams and it backfires and DiCaprio starts to die in the dream
user1: Will have to see if it on Netflix or something
user1: SO they do have blocks in place
user2: I guess so
user1: Well, like I said sounds like a good movie and I like those actors they almost always in decent films even if they are not my style - Titanic comes to mind
user2: Despite what happened the mission was still continued. DiCaprio was sent into like a limbo because he was dying in the dream and the sedative was strong. I'm not sure who Mal is but he apparently went into Limbo with her and spent fifty years in a dream reconstructing favorite shared memories. She refused to come back to reality and ended up killing herself and framing Cobb for her death to try and get him to kill himself. Cobb ends up fleeing the us because he was framed and left behind his kids with Professor Miles (I think Gordon Levitt)
user2: Yea I mean the movie has an average rotten tomatoes score of 86% so it's a good watch
user2: Do you generally like movies like this?
user1: Espionage, murder, framejob, all sounds good for a movie
user2: And a little bit of love.
user2: I liked how they had an object (totem) to help discern dreams from reality. They used a top as a totem. If it was a dream, the top would keep spinning. In reality the top stops spinning
user2: like a spinning top
user1: Yes but it depends on the story line meaning if its believable or not. There are some future set movies that make no sense if you think about it. This one actually sounds like this could be something like this in the future. Reminds me of old keanu reeves movie Jonny Mnemonic movie for some reason
user1: the top is based on what most people say about out of body/dreaming in real life that you have to have a lifeline or object that is your anchor to the real world
user2: Oh I did not know that. Very cool... I guess 
user2: Yea Scientific movies can be unbelievable. But I mean the ratings are pretty good. I feel like sometimes reading a plot synopsis after watching a movie helps me to put it together
user2: It's just cool though. The architect grad student ends up killing Mal's projection 
user2: Mal was the one who framed cobb when she killed herself to try and get him to kill himself
user1: I prefer user ratings to critics as they tend to like whatever they like. with users you get at least an overall sense if the movie is worth seeing or not
user2: I get that. I think the IMDB score was 8.8, I think those are user ratings. Not sure, you could look that up though?

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hello!
user1: The movie I chose is Inception, it's a really great movie; I haven't seen it in a while though.
user2: Do you know the name of a good movie?
user2: Oh, OK. What is it about?
user1: It's about these two guys, Dominick and Arthur, who use experimental medical technology to enter the subconscious of their targets in order to get information that they want.
user2: Is it funny? or is it more adventure filled?
user1: Definitely more adventure filled, the genre isn't really based around humor. It's more of an action/thriller but it's great if you like that kind of thing.
user2: That sounds very interesting! Maybe I will check it out.
user2: It has Leonardo DeCaprio, right?
user1: yup he plays the main character Dominick Cobb
user1: Him and the other guy Arthur end up doing this sequence of quest where they enter people's dreams.
user2: I remember hearing a lot about it. I don't know why I haven't seen it yet.
user1: haha, yeah it was a really famous movie for a while
user1: I actually feel bad when I mention it as one of my favorite movies as I feel like i'm just choosing something popular but it was a great brain twister
user2: You shouldn't feel bad. I just sometimes miss a lot of movies. I know it supposed to be a very good one.
user2: I like movies that make you think a little, so I think I would like it.
user1: So there is this businessman named Saito who tries to get Dom to start putting ideas in people's subconscious. They want to break up the energy conglomerate of their competitor named Fisher. So Saito wants Dom to convince Fischers son/heir to destroy the company by infiltrating his subconscious.
user1: Yeah, movies that make me think are my favorite
user1: The movie is all about like technology interfering with dreams
user1: I can't really think of anything similar
user1: Do you generally watch highly rated movies?
user2: Very cool. I tend to see "indie" movies most, I guess. I'm sure this qualifies!
user1: hahaha oh well yeah this isn't really an indie movie
user1: it's just one of the top popular movies so if you're more into indie it makes sense you didn't watch this
user2: I do know that technology interfered with my dreams when I first played tetris
user1: Hahahhaa, howso?
user2: Oh, I would dream about playing tetris, and see the little shapes. I'm not young, so tetris was a big game when I was growing up. We played a lot
user1: Ahhhh I mean I still like playing tetris
user1: I'm not super young but it was still fun in my generation
user1: I've played battle tetris before, have you?
user2: I guess it is a classic. I don't think so. Is that where you play against another person? If so, I'm sure that I have
user1: Yeah, it's when you play against someone and when you clear rows it makes the bottom of their screen get added rows
user1: oh I should go back to inception, It's also a love story if you like that haha
user2: Yep. That's fun too. Now I want to watch Inception and then play tetris
user1: it makes it so people who aren't that into sci fi like it too
user1: ahahhahaha
user1: you can do both at the same time
user2: Ha! I like some sci-fi. Mostly the older stuff? I haven't seen them all, but it's interesting.
user2: Thanks for chatting!
user1: Haha thanks to you as well!

conversation:
user2: Hello! Do you like scientific movies like The Inception?
user1: Hi there, yes I do, I find that the Inception has brought a fresh idea to the genre with a star studded cast nonetheless. What are your opinions on this movie?
user2: I appreciate that there is a little bit of a love story in the movie
user2: Do you agree with the rating from IMDB?
user1: The whole premise of the movie is quite surreal, imagine being able to go into someone else's dreams and extract information from them, and yes I believe that a movie that is this well thought out deserves the praise it has received.
user2: I agree as well. I would even rate it higher than the 8.8 that it received from IMDB. Leonardo DiCaprio is one of my favorite actors.
user2: Do you agree that his performance "has never been better as the tortured hero" as one critic said?
user1: Every movie that he is in is great and this movie is no exception, especially when it comes to that review. His performance is able to appeal to the larger audience rather than to just fans of the genre.
user1: What are your opinions on the last review, it would seem that is quite negative towards the Inception?
user2: The review you are talking about seems quite harsh and I do not agree with it! I love the idea of the film as I believe it was very original. 
user2: Do you think that Christopher Nolan did a good job?
user2: [Is the HIT broken? According to the task directions we should have received a new document to discuss by now] 
user1: Yes, I feel the same way, and I believe he hit this out of the park. 
user2: There we go! Did you think this scene was beneficial to the film?
user1: [It would appear there was a mistake, on one part it said 3 back and forth conversations, but later on it mentioned 5, so it would appear it takes 5 to switch the document] 
user1: I felt this was a key scene, it is our grounding in reality and the start of their mission. What do you think about the idea of having armed projections to protect your dreams from possible intruders?
user2: Excellent and very creative. The idea that there is a need for your dreams to be on constant alert is intriguing.
user2: Do you find it interesting that characters can be physically injured by these attacks?
user1: I do, I also find it frightening that dying in a dream, at least one of this nature where heavy sedatives are involved, would send the dying person to limbo instead of waking them up. How would you feel arriving in a world almost impossible to escape from made of infinite subconscious. If it weren'
user2: I would be so scared! I can not imagine having a "mission" like that. Did you appreciate the time element where time flows faster in each level?
user1: I do, it adds a sense of tenseness to the whole operation, where in the initial layers they might have a few seconds to spare, in the lower levels it could be hours, or even days. It's scary isn't it how Mal believed that she was still in a dream after leaving limbo, resulting in her killing herself to "wake up" in her mind.
user2: YES! Very scary! I can't believe Mal refused to return to reality
user2: Should Cobb have been charged with murder?
user1: He shouldn't have been but Mal made it seem as if she had been murdered by him, forcing him to flee, even though it meant leaving his children behind. I feel that it had to have been difficult for Cobb to share that Ariadne, such a personal and tragic story.
user2: I can't believe Cobb was framed like that! Can you imagine spending 50 years that way though and building this world?
user1: I feel that after getting so used to that world, it would be difficult to transition back into what was once my real reality. To spend your entire life somewhere, only to wake up and realize it was simply a dream would be an interesting experience, a tragic one at that.
user2: How do you feel about the concept of totems?
user1: It's interesting, its a fail safe just to make sure that you aren't dreaming. I would get paranoid and always wind up checking it to make sure! It's somewhat bittersweet with Fischer isn't it. On one hand he is being told to break up his fathers energy conglomerate, but in some sense getting the affection his otherwise emotionally cold father would've never given him in real life. 
user2: definitely bittersweet. I like that Cobb ignores the falling top and joins his children. don't you?
user1: Yeah, even though it might not even be them, he won't take the time to find out as he just wants to be with them. I respect the professor that watched over Cobb's children, it must've difficult to explain to what had happened to their parents.
user2: I agree. 
user2: Do you think Cobb should have searched for Saito in Limbo?
user1: Yes, no one else knows what can happen to someone who spends to much time in limbo, and he might be the only person to be able to get him out. 
user2: definitely
user2: it was good chatting with you
user1: it was, have a nice day!
user2: you also

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello
user2: Have you seen the movie The Inception?
user1: I have not.  The description makes it seem pretty interesting though. And you?
user2: I've seen parts of it.
user2: It's a movie that plays like a chess game.
user1: I like movies that are puzzle-like, as this one seems to be.  
user2: It is. A definite knockout result.
user2: Some people think it's just delusional hype
user1: I found the last review listed to be very clever. The bit about the movie being a metaphor for itself.
user1: It definitely translates to real life and makes the events seem relatable.
user1: Almost makes the movie seem more like a horror movie to me, because it can be scary to think what might happen if the wrong idea gets planted in the wrong mind.
user2: That's a good point
user2: Do you like Leonardo DiCaprio?
user1: I like him well enough.  He seems to be a good actor.
user1: Based on the scene described, it sounds a lot like The Matrix.
user2: He is. I defintely agree.
user2: It was interesting to digest. Definitely an in your head piece.
user1: The "kick" bit doesn't make a whole lot of sense to me.  I guess I would need to see the movie to fully understand. 
user1: Oh wow, this new scene is pretty intense.
user2: I know, it's very intense.
user2: Did you see the reviews it got?
user1: Just the ones listed.  I don't pay much attention to movie reviews.  It looks like they were fairly mixed.
user1: Though the IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes ratings seem to suggest people really liked the movie.
user2: I was surprised that the reviews were so high.
user2: The movie definitely had a cult like following.
user1: I'm guessing this last scene is the ending of the movie?
user2: I think so
user2: Do you know who else was in the movie?
user1: It said Ellen Page is.
user1: And Joseph Gordon Levitt
user2: Oh, cool. I like Joseph Gordon Levitt.
user1: I am curious what Fischer ends up doing with the advice the team planted in his mind.

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: Hi
user1: Have you seen inception?
user2: Yes I have. It was a really good movie. Confusing at first, but still good
user2: Have you seen it?
user1: Yes. I have seen it.
user2: What did you think about the movie?
user1: I love leo's character cobb, the hteif who specializes in conning secrets from victims dreams
user1: theif not hteif
user1: lol
user2: Yes, leo's character was great, and it was well written in my opinion.
user1: Yes and well directed as well.Christopher Nolan is great.
user2: I agree Christopher Nolan did a great job
user1: I am surprised it does not have a higher rotten tomatoes score,86% is good but I woudl give it at least 95%.
user2: I think 86% is good. It was a great movie, but wasn't the greatest.
user1: I think it was very original and deep.
user2: And a lot of thinking with theories
user1: I love the idea of Fischer having built in armour.
user1: Yes
user2: Yea,  that was a great idea from him
user1: So many cool concepts like the idea of limbo and a dreamer risking being forgotten in a dream.
user1: Totally.
user2: The reason I like these types of movies. They leave you open to many ideas, and other theories. Which is great to discuss with peers
user1: Very true. It keeps you surmising as to what the reality was..
user1: Mal was a rather unnerving character.
user2: True, I guess the writers had something for him in a way
user1: what do you mean? Mal was cobb's wife.
user2: i meant her my bad.
user1: lol, i thought maybe you meant another character.
user1: The idea of mal losing grip on reality is frightening concept to me.
user2: yea it kind of scared me too a little.
user1: I wonder if cobb was living in his own dream as well, you see him athe end reunited with his children and it just makes me wonder.
user2: Yup it made other people I talked to about this movie wonder also.]
user1: I think that is the big unknown. again well played by nolan, or the writer..
user2: Probably Nolan. He likes doing some sort of surprise in his movies
user1: Maybe.
user1: I think everyone involved did a great job. i like all the casting choices as well from ellen page to michael keen.

conversation:
user2: HI
user2: HOW IS THE MOVIE STORY
user1: it is very good. 
user1: it is aout two people who infiltrate the subconscious
user1: and go into dreams
user2: AND I ALSO THINK THAT
user2: SHARE SOMETHING TO A STORY
user1: they wanted to plant an idea into someones dreams
user1: so that it would impact them in real life
user1: its an interesting plot
user2: IT'S A WAR MOVIE
user2: IT HAS A LITTLE DIALOUGE
user2: TOM GLEYN AS PETER
user2: STYLES WON THE ROLL
user2: DURKINS
user2: SCREENPLAY IS SUPER
user2: PETER ACTS VERY WELL
user2: DREAMS BECOMES
user2: HELLO FRIEND
user1: hello

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hey
user1: Who is the director of your movie?
user2: Christopher Nolan
user1: What genre is the movie?
user2: Scientific
user1: That's cool, has it received a lot of positive ratings?
user2: It has received an average rating of 8.1 out of 10
user1: Who are the main actors in the film?
user2: The main actors are Leonardo DiCaprio, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Ellen Page and Tom Hardy
user1: What is the movie about?
user2: The movie is about corporate espionage using military technology
user1: Sounds interesting. Is there anything that stands out in the film?
user2: There's different dream levels in the movie that the team goes through
user1: So are they sleeping?
user2: They are in an infinite subconscious world
user1: That sounds kind of confusing.
user1: Anything more? Or any other key scenes from the movie?
user2: The main characters are only asleep for a few hours, however, it was really 50 years in a dream
user1: That is crazy, what is the name of the movie?
user2: The name of the movie is The Inception
user1: Do you know when it came out?
user2: The movie came out in 2009
user1: What else can you tell me about the scenes?#
user2: There was a planted idea that the main character saw his own father in the dream state
user1: Do you think teh movie is good?
user2: I personally haven't watched it but the movie is highly acclaimed
user1: Seems like a movie I would be interested in.
user1: Do you typically watch movies like this?
user2: Yes, I really like scientific movies
user1: Were there any negative comments about the film?
user2: Some people thought the movie was overrated
user1: Was the acting in the movie good?
user2: Yes, it was good
user1: It was good talking to you.
user2: It was good talking to you too

conversation:
user1: hai
user1: respond me friend
user2: HI
user1: where are you from
user1: i am naren
user2: India, have you seen the movie?
user2: I loved it very much
user1: yes of course 
user1: i am also from india
user1: which movie do you have seen
user2: I like the part played by Tom Hardy, 
user1: oh is it?
user2: he is petty awesome in it
user1: is there anything interesting in the part of the movie?
user1: which role in that movie attract a lot? rather than tom?
user2: Have you watched any movies by Christopher Nolan, he is my fav director
user1: yes i like him but he is a not my fav actor
user2: IThe intro part of the movie is very good, and the dream sequence too, what do u think?
user1: yes im loving it ,ya obviously i like the dream sequence also
user1: what do you think about the movie avengers?
user2: Pls dont mind but Can you pls stick to the task?, we are supposed to discuss the movie Inception
user2: I liked the part when Levit explain the false steps to Ellen
user1: i liked the part of ellen ,that role is more important in the movie
user2: I hated the Part by Mal, do know why she was chosen
user2: Frankly this the best movie by Leonardo
user1: i dont know about it
user1: shall we finish our conversation
user2: not yet, 
user2: 12 conversations
user1: already we crossed the 12 conversation
user2: hello u still there?
user2: is the finished convetsation on?
user1: yes im in
user1: not yet
user1: but we made 12 conversation

conversation:
user1: Hi there, I would like to talk to you about the movie Inception, do you like sci-fi at all?
user2: Sometimes
user2: Depending on the subject metter
user2: matter
user2: :)
user2: What is the movie about?
user1: This is a Leonardo DiCaprio film where he attempts to steal information from individual's subconscious via dreams.
user2: Is it violent>
user2: ?
user1: There are violent scenes but I would say not as much compared to other movies. He meets his match when he attempts this with a Japanese businessman.
user2: Is there a mystery in the story, or is it pretty straight forward?
user1: The concept and story is actually very detailed as they enlist the help of a traditional architect graduate to help construct the various dreamscapes they use in their missions.
user1: There is a mixture of different metaphors built in to the movie which some believe relate to the power of delusion.
user2: So it's like a psychological kind of movie? I'm assuming 
user2: Does it mess with what is real and what is dreamed up?
user1: Exactly that, a major part of the movie involves a dying business man and a son who is to inherit his fortune.  They take an opportunity during a flight to enter a dream phase to steel information and influence the target.
user1: There are many levels that go deeper within the dream, dreamscapes withing dreamscapes to the point the individual cannot tell what is real.
user2: That sounds like an interesting movie
user1: A member of the team must stay behind to set up a "kick" which they use to pull people out of the dreamscapes.
user2: Are there any other big name actors, or just Di caprio?
user2: Sounds intense! 
user1: The movie itself is directed by Christopher Nolan and there are other famous actors within the movie; Joseph Gordon-Levitt as an example.
user2: How long is the movie? 
user1: I would really recommend the movie, I don't want to give too much away of the plot as you will enjoy every minute.
user2: It does sound interesting!
user1: It's an average length of approximately 90 minutes but will have you thinking continually throughout
user2: So it's a brain bender? :D
user1: 100%, their goal during the flight is to plan a 'seed' in the mind of the son to inherit his dead father's fortune.  Leonardo accepts the mission as it is the only way he can see his children again, who were left in care following his framed murder charge.
user2: Is it an older move? When did it come out?
user1: Is is a 2009 movie and had average review rating of 8.1 out of 10 on Rotten Tomatoes and 8.8 out of 10 on IMDB! 
user2: So it's a popular one
user1: Tom Hardy plays Leonardo's counter part through the whole mission and excellent in the role.  Reviews at the time felt that the movie would draw people in to it's love story regarding Leonardo's wife in the movie and that it would appeal to non-sci-fi fans also.
user1: Really, you should take the opportunity to watch it, you won't be disappointed!
user2: Sounds fascinating 

conversation:
user2: Inception
user2: wow!!! again was a splendid movie from nolan
user2: 2009 
user2: IMDB 8.8, I have seen it
user2: DiCaprio is my favorite actor
user1: This sounds like an interesting movie.
user2: means u have not seen it?
user2: is it?
user1: I have not seen it
user2: you must see it.
user2: Do u like hollywood movies
user2: ?
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio is very talented.
user1: Yes
user1: When I can watch them
user2: how do you watch movies, by seeing imdb rating or what?
user2:  any criteria?
user1: I do look at the imdb rating
user2: great
user1: also friends 
user2: u must watch top 250 movies before you die....LOL
user1: lol
user2: :)
user1: have you seen this movie
user1: ?
user2: although it was not so clear in the end
user2: yes indeed
user2: genre is scientific
user2: if you like sci-fi movies, you can go for it....it will be your last nail in the coffin...LOL
user1: that genre leaves a lot to the imagination
user2: yes indeed
user2: why rotten tomatoes rating is low 
user1: especially when they're going through dreams
user1: I feel that its not too low
user2: ya may be
user2: true
user1: its good to be picky
user2: see the critical responses on left, its good to read once atleast
user1: reading the key scenes, seems like you could turn it into a book
user2: haha....yup
user1: yes they are a mix
user2: ok , nice talking to you
user2: lets finish this conversation
user1: sounds good

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: hello there
user2: What did you think of Leonardo decapirao in this movie?
user1: Leonardo Dicaprio was fantastic in this movie. One of my favorites of his. 
user2: Yes, I throughly enjoyed the movie.
user1: Did you enjoy Joseph Gordon-Levitt's performance?
user2: He was okay but I preferred Leonardo's character much better.
user2: Did you like the dream sequences, they seemed so real.
user1: I did. I think it was even crazier how they would place dreams within a dream. 
user1: How each dream added a new layer to the last. 
user2: Yes the female Ellen Page was amazing.  Did you like her performance too?
user1: I do like Ellen Page. It wasn't one of my favorite performances of hers. 
user2: I did not like the tsaumi, it gave me nightmares. LOL  What did you think of the visuals in that sequence?
user1: The visuals were amazing. It's also crazy how the visuals became more intense each level of the dream they went deeper. Did you like the scene where they first enter into Fisher's dreams? I like the idea of the "kick" that they had setup to ensure that they were able to get back to the first level of consciousness
user2: Yes, I remember that part it was amazing the imagery and how detailed everything was in the dream sequence..  I like how they would forget being in the dream and believing it was real.  Like how Cobb revealed he was dying in the dream.
user1: That was a powerful scene. I think even despite that they were being attacked and setback that they still agreed to continue with the mission. 
user2: I liked how it wove in and out on Dominick performing espionage to take over the company and infiltrate the subconscious minds of their targets to obtain information.
user1: It was such a crazy idea of a plot and that it worked well. How did you feel about the scene when Cobb revelaled that his wife had committed suicide because she was unable to accept their reality after having been in limbo for so long?
user2: I cried it, it made me so sad.  It must have been very difficult for her to live like that everyday.  It was sad to see the old man mourn too.
user1: Yes it was. I think it was even more sad on the fact that he had to flee the US for something that he hadn't done and be away from his children. 
user2: Yes, that was horrible.  It was like being in a war and running for your life, knowing you could never come back again.  It was a well thought out sequence.
user1: I think that part of the back story added so much to the over all plot and explained the difficult place that Cobb was living in. 
user2: He had to convenience Fisher's son Robert to dissolve his father's company.  That must have been a horrible thing to do to that kid.
user1: I agree. I'm happy that Cobb was able to eventually make peace with his wife's death. 
user2: I was just thinking about the garden sequence when he got to see his children.  It must have been difficult for him to leave them.
user1: I couldn't imagine the pain that would come from having to make a choice. I'm also happy that he was able to find Saito in the limbo sequences to hold up that end of the deal. 
user1: I wonder if he hadn't have found Saito if he would have remained in limbo.
user2: Yes, that was phenomenal that he was able to do that. The build up of anxiety was so riveting during the movie.  I was on the edge of my seat during the different scenes.  
user1: As was I. I still often wonder if him returning to his children was a dream sequence or not. Since the story doesn't let us see if the top falls over, we may never know. 
user2: You are right, now I am going to think about that and relive the movie again in mind.  I can not see that he really did ever see his children.  
user1: It was done on purpose to let the viewer wonder. Well thank you for taking your time to chat with me. 
user2: I was just thinking about the spinning top it was they way he tested to prove that he was in the real world, did you notice that?

conversation:
user1: Hi, did you liked the film ? 
user2: Hi! So, this film seems really interesting! Sci-fi without outer space, right?
user2: I want to watch it again! There are so many layers.
user1: Yeah, I really liked that aspect, it made it more realistic.
user1:  I did find it complicated but I think I understood most of it.
user2: I really liked the characters. They each had a specialty and the actors that portrayed them, really sold me on the characters.
user2: It is complex, for sure. I think it will unfold more over multiple viewings.
user1: Leonardo was great in it, even his character was layered.
user2: Yesss! He's so good in this kind of role. He has the depth!
user1: Did you liked the first scene ? I think it was great to explain the concept of infiltrating dream.
user2: Yes, I did. I think infiltrating dream is completely brilliant because you can do so much with it. There aren't rules, so to speak.
user2: It really feels like this could happen in real life almost. Don't you think?
user1: Yeah, it has just enough sci-fi to make it interesting, but leaving the rest as normal as possible. 
user1: How did you liked the scene where they start to infiltrate the dreams of Robert Fisher ? I really liked how they explained the kick system.
user2: Precisely. Did you like that Fischer basically armed himself against attack in his subconscious? I think these concepts get us thinking while watching.
user1: Yeah, it made the film more realistic and gave the film more tension. 
user2: I did too. I think the kick system is super fascinating! It made me think about how long it may have taken them to figure out how to do that, you know after perhaps lots of people getting stuck!
user2: Right, more action.
user2: What do you think about the concept of the totem? It's so visceral, literally!
user1: I think the scene where they explained the backstory with Mal added a lot of depth and layers to the film. And the totem was like a recurrent theme throughout the film.      
user1: I think by showing Cobb behaving in amoral way was a great way to add depth to its character.
user2: I agree! There is something terribly romantic about them experimenting like that, and it draws you in. But then it is all the more tragic when Mal dies. You can relate to not knowing if you are awake or still dreaming, so it really ties it to reality there.
user2: Right, I do too. And that he essentially is running from the law, keeps his story line from only exisitng in dreams. There are consequences to each moment.
user1: Yeah, they really succeed in building a romantic relationship between Cobb and Mal in those few scenes. It made the consequences more dramatic.
user2: The scenes where they ride the kicks, is really intense!
user1: Yeah, I like how the plan turns out well even if it did not go as planned.  How did you find the ending ? I really liked how they returned with the totem concept. 
user2: Yes, you really feel unsure if they are going to make it out. I loved that they returned to the totem. I think it's so easy to relate to, like keeping a stone in your pocket.
user2: I thought the ending was dreamy, and left you happy that he's going to the garden with his children ( I would too!) But unsure where exactly that is.
user1: It reminds us that it is the small details that make our reality. Yet, it is the big things that makes us happy, like Cobb and his children.  
user2: Indeed! Very good point. Did you like that ending?
user1: yeah I did like the ending, I was questioning if it was real or not like the rest of the film.
user2: Me too. :)
user1: A true happy ending would a felt out of place.

conversation:
user1: This is definitely an interesting movie.
user2: You saw it?
user1: Yes
user1: I would highly recommend it.
user2: I'll have to check it out.
user2: Netflix?
user1: I'm not sure
user2: Not a huge Leo fan..
user1: Haha, in that case you may not enjoy it.
user2: he was pretty cool wrestling that bear in his latest though
user1: He is definitely a critical character in the movie
user1: I have not seen Revenant
user1: Although I have heard a lot about that scene
user2: come to think of it Elen Page i liked when she was young, now she kinda annoys me.
user1: She definitely seems to rub some people the wrong way
user1: I like her acting style
user1: She was funny in that movie where she was a young mother
user1: I don't see her acting in a whole lot of things through
user2: I like Sci-Fi but find its been the destination Genra for bad movie makers on a budget
user2: historically anyway
user2: With obvious exceptions
user1: I love sci-fi
user2: I like it but there is a lot of bad Sci-Fi.
user1: Correct
user2: What do you think of the new Star Wars?
user1: I'm suprised this movie got such a high rating on Rotten Tomatoes
user1: I thought the new Star Wars film was OK
user2: Yeah, most of my favorite movies bomb on rotten, Like The Big Lebowski.
user1: That's surprising, it's a fantastic film
user2: You bet it is Dude.
user2: Ive written this movie title down will watch it.
user1: Do you like the Matrix? Inception has a similar vibe. 
user1: I actually prefer Inception
user2: I really liked the first one.
user1: I didn't know there was a second...
user2: just seemed like they couldnt deliver what was promised in the series
user2: there was three
user1: Oh, wow

conversation:
user2: Hi there
user1: Hello
user2: Have you seen Inception?
user1: Yes, I have seen it, but it was a long time ago.
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: Fair enough. Yes .
user2: It was directed by christopher nolan whom I love as well.
user1: Yes, he is a good director.  It also starred Leonardo DiCaprio.
user2: I am surprised it only got 86% on rotten tomatoes.
user2: Leo as Cobb was a great role.
user2: The idea of a specialist in infratrating dreams is so unique.
user1: The rotten tomatos score was similar to the 8.8 if got from IMDB.
user2: I thought it would have been higher...
user2: Who was your favorite character?
user2: Ifany..
user1: I liked Arthur, played by Joseph-Gordon Levitt.
user2: I liked him. I think mine was Tom Hardy as Eames.
user1: He was good as well.  What did you think of Ellen Page as Ariadne?
user2: I liked her. She was very talented at creating dreamscapes.
user2: They were able to create a good team.
user1: So did I.  Hard to believe it's already been 9 years since the movie came out.
user2: Wow that is unreal. 
user2: I think this  had so many unique ideas. I do think it was pretty immoral in a way though.
user2: Going after Fischer and manipulating him with his father dying aspect.
user1: I agree - the movie explored some very serious issues.
user2: It was very cool to see the different dream levels.
user1: Yes, the entire world created was entertaining and immersive.
user2: The most crazy being mal's.
user2: Yes
user1: Agree - it's no wonder Mal didn't want to return to reality.
user2: I think she just could not distinguish reality from the dream world any longer.

conversation:
user2: Hey! Have you gotten the chance to see the movie Inception?
user1: yes and was great i totally loved it very much
user2: Can you beleive it came out in 2009? It held up so very well!
user1: what about you dide you see the movie to?
user1: yes  it was one of the best sellers in that time..
user2: Oh yeah plenty! I like to rewatch to see if there are any clues throughout that I missed. 
user1: me to that the end of the movie it got kind of funny that i dide not undersdtand it very much but i would like to see it again
user1: it was a very in deapth type of movie
user2: Yeah it’s always trying to question our morality and stuff. Something Mr. Nolan is always trying to do
user1: yes that first5 i thought it was time travel but then i reead the despriciption and i saw it was about dreams and spying
user2: There are some negative criicism about it that I may agree somewhat. It doesn’t stop the movie from being good though 
user1: how much dide the movie get in the first week
user1: ?
user1: i might want to rewatch it again
user1: hello?
user2: It doesn’t say but it received a score of 86%!
user1: what rating dide it gett? do you know
user1: oh wow thats a pretty high score for a movie 
user2: An 8.8/10 on IMDB. What rating would you give it?
user1: iwho are the main charitors who played themain progonist of the movie? do you know
user1: the main
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hardy, and Joseph Gordon Levitt 
user1: i would give it a 9. outta 10 it was that good! i liked the scene where the guy goes deeper into of the russion to get out his secrets using the iception technology.
user1: with was your faverite scene of the movie if you already watched it?
user2: The Cafe scene where he reveals to the patient about the dream. Yours?
user1: i love the acting that Leonardo  dicaprio. thos in every one of his movies
user2: Yeah I believe he should have gotten his first Oscar a long time ago!
user1: its the one where that the end the chinsis guy goes extremly deep into the dreamworld and getts trapped or akmost dies in the dream for some time
user2: Yeah those special effects have held up quite well! Very visually twisting 
user1: yes Leonardo decaprio started very young acting in movies so he is pretty good at what he does
user1: i wonder how they made does asmazing visuals in the movie where ithe men are walking upside down the walls
user2: Very and Tom Hardy I’ve noticed is receiving props for his acting as well. Almost unrecognizable in his last movie the Revenant 
user1: well i havent seen that movie yet but iv seen a couple of his older movies and i dide like them alote 
user1: movies
user1: what other of his movies have you seen
user1: that are as good as inception
user2: And Joseph Levitt has been doing a fine job recently. It seems like anything Nolan touches whether some think it’s good or bad is gold in the end 
user2: The Dark Knight is probably better 
user1: i do have to say that the movie the dark knight was awesome but i do think inception was better to me
user2: Lol! I agree to disagree with you on that! But I beleive I have loved all of Nolan films 

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hi
user1: Inception is a great movie. Do you think so?
user2: yes,its a good one
user2: the ratings were too good for the movie
user1: You think so.
user1: I think Leonardo DiCaprio was great in the film. He is such a great actor.
user2: the credit goes to the director  Christopher nolan
user1: Joseph Levett had a character who managed and researched the missions. 
user2: the story about the espionage and militry operations
user1: Yes, the credit should go to the director. 
user1: It came out  back in 2009.
user2: the story plot doesnt seems filled with actions
user2: it is a scientific movie but has alot of drama
user2: what is the role of LIMBO
user2: what is means subconcious world,where there is  a risk of  forgetting  everything
user2: it is a unique concept which force people to watch the movie and see what will happen next
user2: are u there?
user2: are people drawn into dreams in the movie
user2: the critical responses are mixed views of good and bad
user2: are u there,shall we abort the discussion

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hey there! If you haven't seen Inception yet, you're doing yourself a disservice. It's great!
user2: I have seen Inception! Leonardo DiCaprio is great
user1: Yeah, definitely. He deserved his award finally. Gotta give it to Gordon-Levitt too. His acting was quite on point as well.
user2: Yeah, they are both great. What was your favorite part
user1: Honestly, it has to be the ending. It was so open-ended that I found myself thinking about it for a while and debating with friends about it. How about you? What was yours?
user2: Same here, I had to think about it a lot. I liked the shoot-out scenes.
user1: Yeah, same. I really enjoyed the snow mountain too. Reminds me a lot of home.
user2: The snow mountain was modeled after UC San Diego's library actually
user1: Oh really? That's interesting. Didn't know that. 
user2: Were there any parts you didn't like?
user1: Not particularly. I enjoyed most of the parts in general. What was your favorite part?
user2: I liked the shoot-out scenes, the special effects of the film were great.
user1: Yeah, they really were. It was what I'd expect from Christopher Nolan.
user1: Do you like sci-fi movies like Inception usually?
user2: The soundtrack was great too, Hans Zimmer was fantastic.
user2: I like sci-fi movies but I don't normally watch movies.
user1: Yeah, Hans Zimmer is such a visionary. The moment I see him pop up on a Soundtrack I know it'll be great. 
user1: I don't regularly watch movies, but I occasionally do when I've got time. Big movies like Inception find their way in.
user2: Same here, he also did the soundtrack for Blade Runner 2049
user1: Ah! I have yet to see that, but heard good things about it.
user1: What are your thoughts on the whole science side of things in Inception? You think the whole "dream-sharing" tech could become something of a reality in the future? 
user2: I feel like there would be massive disasters before the level of tech would be up there.
user2: What do you think?
user1: Almost definitely lol
user1: It's bad enough people are having issues with reality, but when dealing with dreams.. who knows what could happen. I've seen and read enough sci-fi that I'm apprehensive about it.
user1: But it could have positive ramifications I suppose as well.
user2: Definitely, I need to have more positive thoughts on the future.
user1: A healthy dose of skepticism is always good I say. Keeps you on your toes. It would be quite fascinating to be able to enter dream worlds like that I admit.
user1: I imagine many wouldn't want to leave them as a major issue.
user2: That is definitely true, most people would be addicted to that sort of dream technology
user2: Like the main character
user1: Yeah, exactly. It becomes their new "reality" and their whole sense of self disappears. 
user1: The whole tragedy with his wife committing suicide was pretty hard-hitting. I can only imagine the psychological damage that would cause to someone.
user2: That sort of technology would be reserved for the ultra-rich now that I think about it.
user2: Yeah, the technology would be used as escapism from the pain of real life
user1: Sadly.. 
user1: But I think you're right about that. It would be a terrible idea though; our most wealthy also happen to be the most powerful, influential figures. How bad would it be if they suddenly became addicted to such tech?

conversation:
user2: Hi!
user1: Hello
user1: The movie is Inception Directed by Christopher Nolan.
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: No, I have not seen it.
user2: When was it released?
user1: Wow really, was release in 2009, great move with an amazing cast. Dicaprio, Ellen Page,  Joseph Gordon Levitt.
user2: How does the storyline go?
user1: To leave out spoilers the Main cast is hired or more so recruited to perform corporate espionage through entering dreams. However the focal point of the movie is a job where rathar than taking an idea out is leaving an idea with the person who's dreams they are within.
user2: So they're basically making or participating lucid dreams?
user1: Lucid for them doing the espionage for the person they are infiltrating its just another dream, So while they, team is dealing with all the bits of the persons subconsciousness while trying to bend it for their needs.
user2: That is pretty cool.
user1: Definitely check it out. So to explain a bit better how they do this is the by essentially falling asleep with this person in their dream, granting themselves more and more control over the dream scape. The risk involved being time dialation 
user1: So the farther layers of sleep they enter, the slower time is running to them relative to anyone who stayed a layer up to "kick" them awake.

conversation:
user1: The Inception was given a Rotten Tomatoes rating of 86%.
user1: I see Leonardo DiCaprio starred in it as well as Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Ellen Page and Tom Hardy.
user2: 86% is a fair rating.  I felt that this movie was excellent but somewhat 'heady'.  I could see why it isn't everyone's cup of tea.  What rating would you give Inception?
user1: I agree. 86% seems fair. 
user1: There were some interesting characters in this movie. What character did you relate to most?
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio was compelling in the role of Dom.  The Inception seems like a tailor fit role for DiCaprio.  I enjoyed his performance but found that the plot was so inventive that I had a hard time relating directly to any of the characters.  It seemed too divorced from reality.
user2: Did this movie make you ponder the origins of your own thoughts?
user1: Well, it was interesting, to say the least. The idea of planting something into another persons subconscious made me think for sure. 
user1: It was pretty "out there".
user1: Do you like scientific movies?
user2: I adore them.  The more "out there" the better.  
user1: Did you notice the complexity of the dreamscapes in the movie? I thought it was very inventive.
user2: I'm having a hard time recalling some of the specifics.  It's hard to believe this film is almost 10 years old already!  I do recall them growing increasingly more complex and dream like the deeper they went though.
user1: Did you notice in each dream there was a "kick"?
user2: I did, I loved it!  It was like a dreamy Rube Goldberg contraption.  
user2: Can you imagine yourself in a similar scenario?  They must have had a tremendous amount of trust for each other.  If anything went wrong they could have ended up in 'limbo'.  
user1: I couldn't imagine it. Sounds very risky. Especially if the dreamer dies in the dream before the sedative wears off.
user2: If the dreamer died and you end up in 'limbo', where do you think that is?  All of the extractors are living within that consciousness, what would become of them?  (since if he dies, that consciousness will cease to exist.)
user1: Good question, and very thought provoking. In the movie they just went into limbo but I suppose the subconscious dreams would have to adjust to fit the new scenario. It would be scary to have the possibility of forgetting that you are in a dream at all. Do you think it would be worth the potential setback?
user2: I think that possibility is much greater than a setback.  I took it to mean that all the extractors as well as the subject would be trapped forever.  In that way it seems much too risky.  The aim is to plant an idea in someones mind without their realizing it, almost like mind control.  I think it would me much easier, and less risky, to sit and negotiate with someone.  Although, that's not at all subversive.  
user1: Good point. What did you think about what happened to Mal?
user2: Mal's conflict is pivotal to this film.  For all the layers of intrigue we have diving down into the dreams of the target, Mal's actions plant the idea in our minds that there could be many layers above as well.  Is the reality we began this film in reality at all?  What do you think?
user1: Reality as we know it can be hard. If there was an alternate reality available that was more enjoyable I could see where Mal would want to believe it was the "real" reality. The dreams would have to be extremely detailed and believable to be that convinced. Since Mal committed suicide to attempt to "wake up" for real, I assume the beginning reality was the "real" one. Do you think Cobb should face murder charges for Mal's death?
user2: Absolutely not, the audience knows the real truth.
user1: I tend to agree. 
user1: It's a good thing Ariadne had the kick setup for Fischer to wake up.
user2: It is a good thing they didn't get trapped.  Memories of a dying parent would be very strong.  Would a new memory like this make you change your life?
user1: I think it would. I would want to honor my dying parents requests. How about you?
user2: I would too.  Would you stay in a dream forever if it were the reality you loved?  
user1: It would certainly be tempting! How odd would it be to know you are in a dream yet you are getting older, living a whole life? Waking up, you'd be much younger then in the dream. Do you think that would make it more difficult to believe that it is the actual reality?
user2: Well, it depends.  I'm growing older right now but I believe this is reality.  I'd certainly be happy to die, but then wake up a younger man!  But I have no difficulty believing this is reality because I don't know any better right now.  If I did know this was a dream I'd be happy to stay here because I'd get to live a whole extra life before my next.  What would you do?
user1: Honestly, I'm not sure but I think it would make my mind play trick on me. "Wait, I just lived my life. How can I now be in a different one?" It would definitely hard to grasp.
user1: What did you think of the spinning top totem?
user2: I thought it was the perfect cinematic device.  The spinning creates so much anticipation for what comes next.  Will it fall over, won't it?  Puts you on the edge of your seat.
user2: What kind of totem do you think you would have?
user1: I think an eight ball would be exciting and create anticipation. 

conversation:
user1: Have you ever watched Inception?
user2: No I havent seen it
user1: Do you like Leonardo DiCaprio?
user2: Yea I think he usually makes movies really interesting
user2: Have you see it?
user1: No, I haven't either.
user2: It seems like it would be worthwhile to watch
user1: Yeah, I agree.  I like movies that make you think.
user2: I remember hearing about it when it first came out
user1: Yeah, it seems like it's been out for years.  I can't remember how old it is.
user2: Me either. I just remember it being a big movie at some point
user1: This key scene kind of reminds me of The Matrix. 
user2: Yea it seems a little out there and you may have to watch the movie more than once to really get it
user1: Definitely!  f
user2: I always seem to watch a lot more movies this time of year so I think I'll see if it's on netflix or amazon
user1: I do too.  I love Netflix.  You can find pretty much anything there.  I'm sure it's on there.
user2: I wonder which character Dicaprio is
user1: I think he was Cobb.  But I can't be 100% certain on that.
user2: These key scenes kind of ruin the movie
user2: If you haven't seen it
user1: Yeah, I wish I had picked a different movie.  
user2: The ending seems cools. Like after all of that happens he just goes to hang out with his kids
user1: Yes, it's great that the movie has a happy ending.  
user1: I'm excited to see this now.
user2: Yea me too I'm going to check it out this coming weekend
user1: I wonder how long it is.
user2: I dunno. For some reason I'm thinking it's pretty long
user2: I'm not sure where I got that idea
user1: Yeah, it would probably need to be long to go through all these scenes.
user2: I think we can end after 12 turns, right?
user1: Yes.

conversation:
user2: Are you still there?
user1: hi
user2: Hello
user1: So what did you think of inception?
user2: It was a nice movie. Leonardo Di Caprio was a really good actor of this movie.
user1: Ya I almost always like him in movies
user1: I thought the effects were cool. 
user2: Who is your favorite actor of this movie aside from Di Caprio?
user1: I guess joseph gordon levitt as arthur.
user1: you?
user2: Yeah, me too. Its Arthur.
user1: What was your number one scene? 
user1: ?
user1: /?/

conversation:
user2: Hi, what is the name of the movie you read about?
user1: Inception
user2: wow, that sounds interesting, what time period does it take place in?
user1: In the future.
user1: New York, I think
user1: It i about dreams
user2: oh, ok, so is it science fiction?
user1: Correct
user1: But definitely feasible in the future
user2: So the movie is about dreams?  Tell me more about that?
user2: Does the movie take place in a dream?
user1: Indeed, the movie premise is going deeper and deeper into heavier states of dreaming. With each step that goes deeper, time slows down massively.
user2: ok, so is the main character a part of the dream or is he/she a "real" person?
user1: Yes. Real people.  They go into dreams. 
user2: what do they use to go into the dreams?
user2: do they have something like a time machine?
user1: Some kind of advanced sleep inducing system. They put a wired mask on their face for accessing dream data.
user2: Oh...so their bodies are not actually in the dreams?
user1: Time Machine as in time dilation? You can't go back in time - time is a perception of dynamics.
user2: oh, ok, so are their bodies in the dreams or just their minds?
user1: Their bodies can feel pain - it is like the movie, The Matrix, except instead of a machine,  they go to sleep.
user2: So if they can feel pain can they die?
user1: I believe so.
user1: They definitely risk dying while in these hardcore dreams.
user2: So why do they want to go into the dreams?
user1: They are doing studies on the brain and computations. In a brain, you can infiltrate someone's mind in a dream, in a way that you couldn't do while they are conscious. Better than sodium Pentathol.
user2: Interesting, so are they scientists?
user1: Yes, and part of the military. Covert Ops.
user2: Ahh, I see.  So it's some sort of top secret experiment.
user1: Indeed. Used to acquire information from high up officials about top secret government projects.
user2: It sounds like a good movie, I'll have to check it out
user1: Cool. It has Leonardo DeCaprio in it.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hello
user1: Have you seen Inception before ? One of my favorite movies 
user2: of course i seen it....lol.... i am a Sci-Fi nut!
user1: Such a great movie !
user1: IMDB rated 8.8/10 pretty good ratings 
user2: It was definitely a well thought out movie and the overall concept of the movie was ingenious.   
user1: I agree 
user1: It took me 2 times watching this movie to understand what was going on
user2: Well, I understood the movie right away and was really marveled at the acting done by Leonardo DiCaprio.
user1: He did such a great job in this movie . I may have to watch this in the near future 
user1: Do you own this movie ?
user2: I technically do not "own" the movie but I have Netflix and Kodi
user1: Good ways to watch it without buying it 
user2: I remember the scene on the plane where they are taking the body back to Los Angeles.... The scene was intense and well thought out
user1: Yeah that was a very great scene , what was your favorite scene from the movie ?
user2: The overall concept of the different "levels" of the dream states and the special effects that went along with it
user2: I also loved the concept that if you "die" in this dream world, you are forever in limbo.... scary and deep stuff
user1: oh yeah those were very intense scenes
user1: Just noticed rotten tomatoes rated 86 percent , i dont trust them much anymore 
user2: why not? explain
user1: Based on movies i have seen , IMDB rates movies better in my opinion .  Rotten Tomatoes will rate great movies very low ratings .  Just my opinion . 
user2: rotten tomatoes rated it at 86% (8.1) and IMDB rate it at an 8.8
user2: all in the same category really
user2: what did you think about the scene where it showed how cobb and Mal were in "limbo" for 50 years?
user1: yeah .. was talking about movies in general . 
user1: that was  a very great scene one of my favs
user2: i understand
user2: the scene on the plane where they all awaken and cobb returns to his home in Los Angeles.... but was it REALITY or was he still in a dream???? love it!
user1: Oh yeah that was also a very great scene.  Makes you really think !
user2: "Kicking" yourself back up the different levels of the dream state
user2: I am not sure if I EVER want to dream that "DEEP" lol
user1: Lol yeah that would be one scary dream!  

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hai
user1: Do you like to watch movies?
user2: yes..what about you?
user1: Yes
user1: Who is your favorite actor?
user2: vijay for you
user2: which is your favorite movie in 2017?
user1: I like avengers.
user1: Do you like Leonardo Dicaprio 
user1: You should watch a movie called the inception
user1: It has a nice plot
user1: Hello are you there?
user2: i like daniel radcliffe
user1: Oh ok
user2: yeah its very interesting movie
user1: do you like sci fi movies
user2: no, i like horror movie
user1: oh ok
user1: did you ever watch the inception?
user2: do you like sci fi movies
user2: yes 
user1: yes sometimes
user1: what was your favorite part of inception

conversation:
user1: hello, friend
user2: Hey there, Leo gave his best performance in this movie
user1: yes it was quite the boon for the scientific genre
user2: Christopher Nolan knows whath e's doing
user1: dom cobb was the role of a lifetime for Leo. What a preformance1
user2: Yeah he totally sold me on his performance and the way he gets into the dreams.. unreal!!
user2: Tom Hardy was good too.. he had the best lines in the movie
user1: I think Joseph Gordon Levitt was much more memorable and nicer dressed in my opinion.
user2: Well yeah I think since he was the one putting the missions together he was obviously one with better brains and manners for that mater
user1: yeah, no wonder it has an 86 percent score on Rotten tomatos
user2: Critics and audiences both loving the movie hehehe It's got 8.8/10 on IMDB
user1: You can see why some critics thought it was wildly ingeniousness chess game
user2: Totally and no matter what setbacks they had in the movie, they kept right on going with their mission
user1: the idea of entering dreams as a heist film was Christopher Noland all the way!
user2: yeah and then you get Ellen Page as a grad student of architecture designing the dreamscapes.. genius!!
user1: When the team abducts Fischer and are attacked by projections from his subconsious, I thought it was crazy. Really crazy, man!
user2: Can you imagine being in there as a dreamer and forgetting you're ina dream??  
user1: Reading back the plot to this movie... what a piece of shit. 
user2: where did that come from? didn't you like the ending when Mal frames Cobb??
user1: kicks and dream levels and projections, complete load of nonsense
user2: well the movie is confusing for the characters as they don't know when they are dreaming sometimes.. same could be true for the viewer
user1: When mal refuses to return to reality, and Cobb has to somehting her totem, what a dumb thing to have to happen. 
user2: yeah but Cobb makes peace with his guilt over Mal dying.
user1: Yes, and then when Ficher wakes up with a kick proves that this movie was written by imbeciles, and I never said it was confusing
user2: well what did you want to happen?  Cobb  fled the U.S. and left his children in the professor's care 
user2: and Fischer was told by his dying father to be his own man. what's wrong with that?
user1: I wanted a better premise and not a bunch of dumb rules and nonsesical heist cliche and that asian guy was stuck in limbo at one point where Leo searches for him
user2: yeah and he finds him and reminds him of their agreement and the dreamers all wake up
user1: I thought the depiction of Las Angeles Airport was quite realistic. I too hope to take a plane somewhere
user1: byesies
user2: byee

conversation:
user2: What is the movie about?
user1: this is a scientific movie, about two people who perform corporate espionage using an experimental military technology to infiltrate their targets and get valuable information through a dream world. 
user2: Have you personally watched the movie?
user1: no i have not 
user2: Do you know the name of the movie?
user1: i do not. the movie is directed by christopher nolan was made in 2009. stars are leonardo dicaprio joseph gordon-levitt ellen page and tom hardy
user2: What type of information do they need to gather? 
user1: they are trying to get information to convince his son and his heir to dissolve his fathers company
user2: What type of company does he run?
user1: i have not been provided that information. 
user2: Where and when does the movie take place?
user1: not clear, in a key scene the cast is on a ten hour flight back to los angeles. not sure where from\
user2: Would you say there is a lot of action and fast cut scenes?
user1: it doesnt sound like too much of an action movie the genre specifies scientific
user2: can you elaborate more on the military technology used>?
user1: i do not have any information on the military technology. 
user2: In the key scene, what is happening? Why go to LA?
user1: when the elder fischer dies in sydney robert accompanies the body on a ten hour flight back to los angeles which the team uses as an aopportunity to sedate and take fischer into a shared dream. at each dream level the person generatingthe dream stays behind to set up a "kick" that will be used to awaken the others sleeping from the deeper dream level to be succesful the kicks have to happen at the same time. 
user2: Why do they need to dissolve the company? 
user1: which is complicated by the fact that time flows faster in each sucessive level. the first level is yusufs dream of a rainy los angeles. the team takes fischer and a wounded saito to a warehouse where cobb revea;s tat while dying in the drea, would normally wake saito up the powerful sedatives needed to stabalize the multi level dream will instead send a dying dreamer into limbo a world of infinte subconscious from which escape is extremely difficult. if not almost impossible and a dreamer risks forgetting they are in a dream despite all this the team continues with the mission.
user2: I see, what else can you say?
user1: i really have not been given any other information whatsoever
user2: can you rate the summary?
user1: the rating of the movie on rotten tomatoes is 86 % and average 8.1/10 IMBD: 8.8/10
user2: Based on that, would you personally see it?
user1: this movie does not sound like something that i would be interested in whatsoever!
user2: How do they start dreaming in the movie
user1: i beleieve because of the drugs that i mentioned before they went into these dream worlds\
user2: How do they make the other person take the drugs?
user1: im not sure i have not been given that information

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hey
user2: Have you seen this movie before? One of my favorites.
user2: I would think the reviews would be better than 86 percent
user1: I thought it was amazing, one of Leonardo's best performances in my opinion
user1: I was suprised they were so critical in the ratings too, I found it to be an amazing work of art
user2: Kind of a weird review "wildly ingenious chess game" never thought about it like that.
user2: It was honestly the perfect movie 
user1: That is a very interesting description.
user1: i think calling the movie a delusional metaphor is a bit harsh
user2: Yeah people can criticize a piece of work but will never come close to doing anything like it
user2: The kicks had to be my favorite part of the movie
user1: they added the perfect split, i couldnt have done it better myself.
user1: this has to be one of Christopher Nolans best movies. i can watch it again and again
user2: Yeah a part two would be epic
user2: I didnt get the part about the subconcious attacking the dreamers when they would notice someone else that was in the dream
user2: I guess it was just part of the plot
user1: yeah, that confused me too, id like to see that explained in a part two
user2: Oh wow 
user1: yes?
user2: I didnt know that he was framed for the death of his wife
user2: No clue until now
user1: thats news to me
user2: I remeber he was in trouble
user2: but I didnt understand why
user1: i think it was one of the subtler plot points
user2: It was interesting how saito the japanese guy ended up in limbo for years 
user1: that only lasted a few hours of real world time right?
user2: I think so but he was an old man at the end
user2: The spinning top seen at the end was really strange
user1: time dialation is a interesting concept, i like how they implemented it into the movie
user1: i think it was meant to signify that this was real and not a dream
user2: One Christopher Nolan specialities
user1: he is one of the greats in directing

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hello
user2: here i am, tell me about the movie
user2: can you start it?
user1: So, the movie I was given was Inception, by Christopher Nolan. This movie has an all star cast in roles that they can perform in. Some of the stars are Leonardo DiCaprio, Ellen Page, and Tom Hardy.
user1: I highly recommend Inception if you like a movie with creativity but in the same realm of reality. But, on the other hand, if you want a movie that is out of this world in terms of technology and civilization, this isn't the one.
user2: Ok, genial, bueno la pelicula parece ser clasica y en su momento fue innovadora. los actores son de calidad. Voy a revisar este contenido, hablame sobre lo que conoces
user2: So, the movie I was given was Inception, by Christopher Nolan. This movie has an all star cast in roles that they can perform in. Some of the stars are Leonardo DiCaprio, Ellen Page, and Tom Hardy.
user1: No hablo espanol 
user2: ok
user2: This is a science fiction movie that seems to be very interesting.
user1: Essentially, Inception is comparable to a game of chess. This concept was well received by critics giving it an 86% on rotten tomatoes. And an 8.8/10 on IMDB.
user2: I understand is that your plot is based, how many times have you seen it?
user1: Inception brings a vast amount of depth with it's detail. Making terms like "kick" and "limbo" seem so natural in the setting despite not being used for their regular meaning. The main plot of the movie is going into dreams to do said objective. I have seen this movie around 10 times I would say.
user1: A strong performance from Leonardo DiCaprio shows a plot line of doing something seen as impossible in the movie. That's Inception, going a dream within a dream and planting an idea. 
user2: Ah, I have not seen it for the first time, I would like to see it how long it lasts?
user2: I just read that it is a thief who steals ideas, looks innovative?
user1: Yes, nothing has really been like it. The depth that the movie gives is truly exceptional. The environment in some of the scenes is what you would call immersive.
user2: ah well tell me what is the role of di caprio here
user1: There are scenes that make this movie what it is. A son of a huge corporation owner, Fischer, must take control when his dad dies. Unfortunately for him, Cobb, Leonardo Dicaprio's role, needs to go in and perform inception with his gang. At first they are met with a force that is the son's subconscious, not accepting them. 
user1: As I said in the previous paragraph, Leonardo is the lead in this movie as Dom Cobb.
user2: Does it have an improvised ending?
user1: I would say no, based on the information given. 
user1: There is a twist in the movie with Cobb that I will not reveal for you. But, know that it limits him and creates obstacles. 
user2: It seems to be unpredictable not so notorious its outcome. What year is it from?
user1: 2009
user1: In the end, it is very up in the air as to what happens
user2: I understand, I have never seen it, I think I will soon. It's science fiction then.
user1: Yes, but on the brim of a realistic film
user2: I've always found movies similar to this one interesting.
user2: then the plot turns on edge to a specific mission.
user1: Then I would recommend it! Multiple scenes with a variety of environments alongside top tier acting.
user1: Like I said, I recommend you watch it.
user2: Ah I saw him suppose,
user1: Alright, I hope you watch the movie! Good luck!

conversation:
user2: Greetings fellow human, we are not robots!
user2: I haven't actually seen this movie although I have, of course, heard much about it.
user2: Have you seen it?
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio is my favorite actor, and I thought he did a great job in this movie! 
user2: Yep, he's pretty good, I really admire any actor who immerses themselves in their role like he does.
user2: So on a scale of 1-10 how would you rate this film?
user1: For sure, and I feel the same way about Ellen Page. I couldn't picture the two of them together before seeing this movie. 
user1: I would rate it a 9
user1: Do you plan on seeing it?
user2: I do
user2: I have a ton of movies on my to-watch list...
user2: So what would you say are your three favorite films of all-time?
user1: As do I. 
user1: This is also the first time I have seen Tom Hardy in a film and was pleasantly surprised by this acting abilities. 
user2: I've seen him in a few films and have been pretty impressed with him.
user2: Bronson was a really cool little prison film and of course his performance in Batman was quite good.
user1: I'll have to check them out. 
user2: Moving back to Inception, is this the type of film that requires multiple viewings to really absorb?
user1: I think so. The first time I watched it I felt like I missed a few important parts. 
user1: It is a very complicated film. 
user2: So I've heard. Do they put on some kind of neural-interface headset to enter dreams, or is it through a drug?
user1: The fact they were able to attack and interact with other in their subconscious was something I had never saw before. 
user1: I'm not sure, but did you know that they spent fifty years in a dream where they constructed a world for shared memories?!
user1: That's a very long time lol. 
user1: Do you usually check a movies rating before watching it?
user2: I do usually, but it doesn't really affect my decision to watch a movie too much.
user1: I usually do as well, but most times I tend to agree with the reviews. 
user2: Same, but I've also been pleasantly surprised;
user1: This movie had 86% on Rotten Tomatoes and I would agree with it, especially because I found it to be a little confusing. 
user2: Not many people seemed to like Batman vs. Superman, but I thought it was at the very least one of the best super-hero movies I've seen in a while.
user1: I found the scene where Cobb makes peace with his guilt over Mal's death to be very moving. 
user1: What did you think about it?
user2: I haven't actually seen the movie.
user1: Were suppose to pretend like we did ;)
user2: Oh, right....
user2: Yes, spectacular scene!
user2: It really showcases Nolan at his directorial best; a savage tour-de-force of pure juxtapositional genius!
user1: If I woke up and suddenly found myself on a plane I would be very, very nercous. 
user1: *nervous
user1: I completely agree!
user1: The entire plot of the moving was something I would never imagine in a million years! 
user2: I thought the scene where Cobb makes a salad was quite shallow and pedantic, they probably could have found a better vehicle to portray his distaste for boiled egg.
user2: Thanks for the chat!

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: Have you seen the movie Inception?
user2: no i've not seen it, but heard about the movie
user2: is it a interesting movie?
user1: It's OK. Not quite as good as everyone made it out. Do you like SF?
user1: Kind of interesting but still some basic and quite unbelievable ideas in it.
user2: yeah i like very much, share with me anything intersting
user2: yes it is. you are correct
user1: It involves entering people's dreams and then dreams within dreams that cause time to compress. Fun to watch unless you tink about it
user2: wow its amazing to hear
user1: I guess so
user2: let's talk about it more
user2: im just curious to know
user1: It starts on an airplane woith a man bringing a body home to be buried
user2: oh well
user1: Yeah, I now what you mean
user1: know
user1: Nolan tends to eb adirector of somewhat over-hyped movies and Inception is no exception
user1: Do you like Leonardo DiCaprio?
user2: Yes very popular man after Titanic 
user1: Are you there?
user2: i like his hair very much
user1: Yeah he does have good hair
user2: very romantic person too
user1: That is what they say Not too much romance in Inception
user2: oh yes
user1: Yes, that is true

conversation:
user1: Hello! We are supposed to discuss the movie Inception
user2: Hi,
user2: What is the name of the movie?
user1: Inception
user2: Can you tell me what it is about?
user1: It seems to be a movie about a thief who steals secrets from peoples dreams.  Have you seen it?
user2: I'm also curious to see if you think there will be a lot of action in the movie?
user1: No I think it is a more psychological movie.
user2: It sounds familiar, but it's been a long time since it came out
user1: Yes, almost 10 years.
user2: Is it complicated and difficult to follow? Or can I sit back and just let it unfold?
user1: It seems like it would be a movie that you really will need to pay attention to.  
user2: Who stars in the movie?
user1: Leonardo dicaprio is the lead actor.
user2: Ok, it's ringing a bell now.
user2: Are the movie sets real elaborate?
user1: I would think so seeing as the movie seems to take place in peoples dreams
user2: Is there a female lead in the movie also?
user1: I don't think a lead but there is a female cast in the movie though i do not know who 
user2: Is it the kind of movie where people are chasing the lead character and trying to discover what he's doing?
user1: I am not sure.  I think it could be.  I am not very familiar with the plot.  Just what is being shown to me here.
user2: Do you think he uses the secrets he steals to blackmail people?
user1: I think that was the intention of the technology.
user2: That would be really creepy having someone rooting around in my dreams.
user1: I know.  I  don't remember mine most of the time.
user2: Does the lead character work for an organization with this technology or is he doing it on his own?
user1: The premise of the movie seems very neat.
user1: He seems to be working with an institution. Or at least the people that developed this technology
user2: I would imagine they target wealthy people and those that possess particular types of knowledge.
user1: I would think so.  Although what I read did not go into who this was meant to target.  
user2: My short memory can't remember how long we're supposed to chat. lol
user1: Me either.  I was just wondering that.  I think it said like 10 minutes 
user2: Then we're there. 
user1: Wouldn't a button show up when we are done? My directions were specific about not clicking the Abort Conversation button.
user2: Thanks for chatting and have a great day. I think I may have to watch this movie again sometime.
user1: You have a good day too!
user2: Mine has a button to finish conversation

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hi!
user1: Have you watched inception? I did and really enjoyed it. 
user2: No. I have not watched it. But love to but it seems like a fantasy movie, which I dislike.
user2: I have though enjoyed most of the Christopher Nolan movie!
user1: Yeah, it is a bit of a fantasy movie, and it requires some thinking, but the concept is pretty interesting. 
user1: I am horrible with knowing who directed what movies. :)
user2: Yeah.. I like the concept of  getting into dreams n stealing information...
user2: It would have been more interesting if someone gets into what u r thinking n steals information :)
user1: Its an odd concept, but a pretty cool one. Its not one that's over used. 
user1: The movie is a little hard to follows, you have to watch it several times to really get it. 
user2: Yeah.. its very creative I like that part of it. Christopher directed many superhits like, dark night, dark night rises, momentum
user1: He did dark night and dark night rises? Cool
user2: I see this movie got an 8.8/10 rating in IMDB. It must be interesting.
user2: I like the star cast of Inception many heavy weights.4
user1: So each have to enter in three chats before it goes to the next paragraph. It got good rotten tomatoes reviews, which is sort of difficult to do
user1: Yeah, Leo is always a good actor
user2: Yeah, I love everything about Leo. He is a GENIUS IN ACTING.
user1: He is. He has gotten better as hes aged.
user2: Stealing information from dreams sounds interesting. Awesome concept. I thought of watching it but never gave a second thought actually. I would definitely watch it this time
user1: I would recommend it, especially if you like Christopher Nolan's work. 
user2: I always enjoy his genious.
user1: The key scenes they are giving is quite confusing, and the movie is a bit confusing, but its good.
user2: Its outlined as 1 to 3 but it makes it  more confusing lol :)
user1: The movie is a good balance of action, suspense, etc. 
user1: yeah, it does
user2: The scene descriptions could have been streamlined. It's humongous :)
user1: I agree
user2: Is the movie somewhat like the matrix movie
user1: Thanks for chatting with me, its been fun! It really is
user2: It seems like a copy
user1: It is, but its different at the same time. 
user2: Yeah.. Thank you.

conversation:
user2: Hey!
user2: You ready to start?
user1: Yes have you ever seen the movie inception with Leonardo DiCaprio
user2: I have, did you like it?
user1: Yes. I had to watch is a couple of times to truly understand what was going on. It is so creative and engaging. It is a movie you need to pay close attention to but will keep you glued to it.
user2: Its one of my husbands favorite movies. It is definitely one you have to watch a few times through to get the whole thing. 
user2: What was your favorite part?
user1: I wonder how the writer came up with such a story line. It is so intricate and detailed I was really lost the first time I watched but the second time I understood what was happening. I don't watch many movies more than once but this one I could always watch and find something I did not see before.
user1: I don't know I guess the fact that they all had a special item to keep them grounded
user2: The director is super creative, he really knew how to keep you interested. It had a good balance of humor, intense scenes, etc. 
user1: It did really enjoy it every time
user2: I know the task is to chat about a movie, but I never saw if we were supposed to chat about a specific aspect of the movie or not. 
user1: No just the description I have. The technology they use in the movie is so interesting. The fact that it uses the subconscious is almost scary
user2: The casting was also on point, DeCaprio did wonderful. Aslo Joseph Gordon-Levitt is always great!
user2: Yeah, when it starts getting into the subconscious it makes you wonder if science will ever expose peoples subconscious, and if we ever get the ability to, is that something we really want to have access to? 
user1: The idea of shared dreams is so interesting. I wonder if they actually did this would it do damage to the brain. Ellen Page plays a great role. She is also one of my favorite actresses. 
user2: Yeah, sharing dreams would be crazy, because then you could some what control each others dreams. 
user1: I don't think I would want to be in my subconsicous or in anyone elses. I can see why they had to have an item to ground them because it would be very hard not to forget where you are and what you are doing
user2: Definitely. It would be scary not being able to differentiate between reality and a dream. 
user1: Christopher Nolan is the director. Isn't he an actor too? The whole movie was done very well
user2: I'm not sure if he is an actor as well, if so then he is crazy talented. More talented than any one man should be lol
user1: I don't think everyone liked it. If you didn't pay close attention or watch it twice to truly get what was happening. There was a lot going on all the time.
user2: Yeah, the first time I watched it I was not crazy about it, but I was tired and not paying close attention. Its definitely a movie that needs your full attention to fully comprehend. 
user1: After talking about it I may have to watch it again. Haven't seen Ellen Page be any better, well maybe Juno she is awesome in that
user2: I think I own it, I'll have to pull the movie out again and watch it sometime soon. Its been a while since I've watched it. 
user1: Me too years I think. What else can we say the movie and the cast just fit well together. Have you ever watched a movie that you thought the actors did not mesh well, it makes a huge difference
user2: That's very true, I've seen some movies where characters were just played by the wrong actor, and it made a world of difference. 
user1: It is scary and sad all at the same time. I think that it part of why I liked it so much. The fact that one of the characters I think DiCaprio lost his wife and children. Didn't she drown her kids?
user1: I guess when we have chatted enough the survey will let us know?
user2: The finish conversation button should highlight and we should be able to click it
user1: Oh good. Don't know what else to say about the movie. It is one I would recommend to anyone even those who don't like science fiction. It is all around entertaining
user1: I forgot how they had to have the "kick" to bring them back to the real world. What if they didn't work I guess they would live in their own head forever.

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hello! Hope you are doing well this morning!
user2: lets talk Inception
user2: Yep doing Good, Have you seen the Inception
user1: Alright! I really do love movies directed by Christopher Nolan how about you?
user2: Same here, seen all of his, but Inception is by far his best work, yet!
user1: I agree that movie left me thinking about it for hours. At first I wasn't so sure about it. But hearing so many people rave about it made the curiosity in my grow and grow. 
user1: What did you think about the dream sequence?
user2: I watched it 5 times before i understood it, and thats the best part of it. It makes you watch it again and again
user1: Yes! I agree. Even a person who doesn't like Sci-fi can find themselves enjoying this movie. DiCaprio as always did a splendid job in acting.
user2: Leo was good, but i liked the Tom Hardy part more. He brought his A-game here
user1: Yes, he had a really sharp tongue has a way with words you don't see coming
user2: Its well rated in IMDB also, dont know how it didnt win at the oscars
user1: Yeah, I didn't get that either. Just the idea of the movie was great. I can't imagine how horrible it would be to be trapped in limbo. 
user2: The best scene in the movie was where he teaches Are Adne building the dreams
user1: Yes that was a great scene indeed. Ellen Page's character did a great job as an architect in that movie she made things easier to understand with her explanations. 
user1: Do you generally watch movies like inception with good ratings?
user2: Yes, i liked the other movies by CN, which also have petty high ratings
user2: I didnt like the Mal's part, it was a turn off
user1: eah I didn't like when mel couldn't tell the difference between a dream and reality
user1: She was a good actor. I felt like she was a woman in the refrigerator. 
user2: To be fair to her, it was Cobbs mistake to misguide Mal by playing with her Totem. Maybe she is a good actor, but she didnt justify her part here
user1: That's true. He could've handled that situation better. Do you thunk Ariadne did a good job with her part?
user2: She did good, but again it was Male-dominated Movie, they got all the punch lines, the fights, 
user1: Yes, that's how the majority of the movies are these days. Women are the damsels in distress. Do you think that the spinning top tipped over at the end of the movie?
user2: Maybe, i loved the ending, it made he movie widely discussed and people still keep discussing it today
user2: BTW i think(hope) it toppled
user1: I agree to this day I still wonder. Whether or not if he really came in terms with Mal's death
user2: yes, so that leaves a possibility of sequel!!
user1: That would be great! I would be excited if another movie would be announced. I mean the ending the idea and the fact that it got a 86% in Rotten tomatoes shows that it has potential for another good movie.

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: Hello, you should watch Inception with Leonardo Dicaprio.
user1: sounds like a good movie who directed it ?
user2: Christopher Nolan directed this movie in 2009.
user1: who were the co-stars?
user2: Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Tom Hardy, and Ellen Page are in the cast of Inception.
user1: does the movie show violence ?
user2: I am not sure but it scored 86% on rotten tomatoes so a lot of people liked it.
user1: what was the movie rated ??
user2: You can check online, it's in the scientific genre of movies.
user1: whats the movie about ?
user2: "Extractors" who perform corporate espionage by infiltrating the subconscious of their targets through a shared dream world.
user1: what part did Leonardo DiCaprio play ?
user2: Leonardo Dicaprio plays Dom Cobb, a professional thief who specializes in conning secrets from his victims by infiltrating their dreams.
user1: is it a scary movie?
user2: I am not sure but it has been described as a wildly ingenious chess game.
user1: can it be rented ?
user2: I would check with rental services but I do know it was released in 2009.
user1: does Netflix have it ?
user2: You could check online or on IMDB where Inception scored 8.8 out of 10.
user1: what part did tom hardy play ?
user2: Tom Hardy plays Eames, an associate of Cobb.
user1: whats the plot ?
user2: I liked the scene where Cobb spends fifty years in a dream constructing a world with Mal from shared memories.
user1: where was the movie filmed ?
user2: I'm not sure but multiple scenes take place in Los Angeles. Sydney is also a part of the movie.
user1: how did the movie make you feel?
user2: It made me think, learning about things like multi-level dreams and "limbo" 
user1: does it have action ?
user2: Inception will appeal even to non-sci-fi fans.
user1: does it show nudity ?

conversation:
user1: Do you believe this movie is a metaphor for any real life situations?
user2: I don't believe so, I think it's for entertainment.
user1: I agree.  However, the overall idea of the movie is quite like - as one of the responses state; "a metaphor for the power of delusional hype".  I would have to agree!
user2: Yes that does make sense.
user2: I feel it would be a nice entertaining movie to watch.
user1: Wouldn't it be crazy if there really was military technology to infiltrate the subconscious mind?
user1: I think so too.  I'm not much into sci-fy type movies, but I really think this one would interest me. 
user2: Yes that would be crazy, lets hope that isn't the case. 
user1: Conspiracy theory lol
user2: I am not too into sci fi movies either but this one does look interesting
user2: lol
user2: I believe I had seen a movie that was kind of like this one. The matrix.
user1: This movie reminds me of sleep paralysis, have you ever heard of it?
user2: I have not 
user1: The matrix! Yes!  That movie was great!  If we both like that, I think we would enjoy this one too!
user2: Yes I agree. It seems like a movie I could get into.
user1: Sleep paralysis is when you're in a dream and you're aware that you're in the middle of a dream, but you can't wake up from it.  In the dream, you might be trying to wake yourself up, but you can't. 
user1: Part of this movie is when Cobb fled the US and left his children in the care of someone else.  What are your thoughts on that?
user2: I may just look this movie up it looks like it came out in 2009. maybe it is on netflix. Lol
user1: I bet it is; it seems like everything is on netflix!  Who needs cable anymore? Haha
user2: Yeah cable is too expensive and they play the same movies over and over again.
user1: Yeah, they really do.  How many times can someone watch Dumb and Dumber?
user2: Lol
user1: So, I guess now we know the entire movie but I really want to see it anyway!  The whole idea of being in limbo and not knowing weather or not you're dreaming, is fascinating. 
user2: Yes I would agree. But knowing me I will most likely forget about this movie as soon as this survey is up. I don't have much time to watch movies.
user1: You could watch the movie WHILE "turking"! I suppose that's one of the benefits, right? Haha
user2: Yes. lol
user1: I have never done one of these conversations, I hope we're doing it right!
user2: I have yea I am pretty sure we are.
user1: Have you ever had a dream that you woke up thinking was real?
user2: sometimes I have. I remember one where I was running and I woke up with my legs moving like I was really running. Lol
user1: Hahahahaha I hope you were sleeping by yourself!  
user2: no. Lol
user1: Well, it's a good thing you weren't dreaming about a fist fight then lol
user2: yeah. lol  but that would have been pretty funny if I did 
user1: I don't know if your partner would agree with you on that one lol
user2: Im sure mine wouldn't agree either.
user1: How long do we chat for?
user2: I think we are safe to end the convo. you have a nice day.

conversation:
user2: Movies are always glorifying crime
user1: Maybe, but this one seems to have a detailed plot, which is nice
user1: The cast is also really strong
user2: Yes I agree very strong cast
user1: My only fear with a movie like this is that it gets lost in its own details
user1: But the review ratings look strong too
user2: military, high tech they ought to be able to make a great story
user1: I agree, I have not seen it, but I will add it to my list
user2: one of the reviews is pretty bad, like what is everybody raving about lol
user2: I've watched so many movies that I loved that the critics failed to appreciate
user1: I definitely agree with that
user2: shared dream level, I hope they don't wander into hocus pocus type stuff
user1: lol, I was thinking the same thing
user1: That "Key Scene" sounds awful and lame
user2: but you can get really crazy if you have the liberty of a dream
user1: yes, but crazy doesn't make it better.  
user2: infinite subconscious sounds like superficial nonsense people are suppose to buy
user2: 50 years in a dream? Whoa
user1: I agree completly
user1: Thhis movie is getting worse and words with the moer I read about it
user1: This is exactly what I talked about at first, the movie getting lost in the details
user1: Keep it simple and entertaining
user2: Matt commited suicide because he was trying to wake up from a dream?
user1: Exactly....Lame
user2: I agree sometimes they get ridiculous with the twist and turns, I think the critics might be right about this one but like you said a strong cast so got to give it a chance
user2: Mountain hospital wonder who wrote that I can see it in my mind
user1: Yup, the only thing saving this is the Cast
user1: And I think you nailed it with too many twist and turns...
user2: spinning top, dream world, they're trying to appeal to the masses
user1: I bet at the end of the movie, the top doesn't fall over...thus one last twist to the movie....
user2: that's another thing what do you suppose that it's a chore to follow the twists and turns unless they're entire predictable and so boring
user1: I wonder if this movie is adapted from a book?
user1: Sometimes books don't translate into movies very well
user1: As a book, I bet this could be pretty good
user2: I think I might know why I missed this one, I wonder if it flopped at the box office, could be but if so I have doubts about the quality of the authors writing
user2: maybe with a book you'd be able to keep track of all of the twists and turns
user1: I'm thinking it flopped too, because I have never heard of it until now either
user1: Yes, and a book could go into better detail about each
user2: Yep but I have dish with some movie channels and I don't think I've seen it there
user1: Maybe it is better off dead and forgotten.  :)
user2: Why should Cobb feel guilty he was just dreaming lol
user2: Some of my favorite movies were box office flops and panned by the critics but they have a very strong cult following
user1: Oh, absolutely.  A lot of the best movies are ones that never get good critical responses
user1: I think I would feel guilty for watching this... :)
user2: I just noticed the scroll bar and scrolled down to the second page
user2: Oh we saw that before
user1: yup, it is the same stuff
user2: so why isn't this advance we've done lot's of chatting
user1: not sure
user1: It should finish right?
user2: yes I think so I don't know if we had the finish conversation option from the beginning
user1: lol, I was just think the same thing
user2: Could be half ass instructions
user1: what do you think, we press the finish conversation button?
user2: I do recall they said task would take 30 minutes and I've only been about 25
user2: seems like we might have to and then risk not getting compensated
user1: so we wait maybe 6-7n minutes more and see what happens
user2: I can do that
user2: gonna go get a cold one
user1: lol
user1: Dilly Dilly
user1: ok, so I think we press the button.
user2: Yes and hope we don't get cheated 
user2: enjoy

conversation:
user2: How did you like the movie The Inception?
user1: I like it a lot and it got really good reviews
user2: Don't you think the story was a little far-fetched?
user1: At times, but that happens in scientific movies
user1: What do you think about the introduction of the movie?
user2: I think if the director didn't go with the whole "Military Technology" route and went with a psychic power kind of plot it would have been more believable.
user2: I think the introduction was alright but the story was a bit of a turn off for me.
user1: I actually think the opposite and that the military technology makes it more believable compared to psychic power
user2: In terms of military ability, it just seems out of reach. How about the actors? What did you think about DiCaprio's performance?
user1: I thought he was pretty good.  He is usually pretty believable in his roles
user2: I agree I think he really brought Cobb to life in the film. Would you say his supporting actors did a good job in their performances as well?
user1: Yes I think they were pretty good.  What are your thoughts about the plan to infiltrate Yusuf's dream? 
user2: I liked the idea of it overall, I really found the idea of being "trapped" forever in a dream state to be interesting and cool.  I added a lot of tension to the movie and Yusuf's Los Angeles level was perfectly done.
user2: Do you think the ratings it got on rotten tomatoes was fair or a little over done?
user1: I think the ratings are a little over the top even though it was a pretty good movie
user2: I 100% agree with you there, I think rotten tomatoes is a bit biased in their opinion of this movie.
user2: Don't get me wrong it's a pretty good movie but I don't think I'd give it more than a 7. How about you?
user1: Yeah I agree with the 7 or 7.5
user1: There was a lot going on and it was a little difficult to follow at times though
user2: Yes, I will admit I had to rewatch it a few times to catch little things, but it was because I was distracted a lot by the scenery.I also think Christopher Nolan was a pretty good choice for director in this. He has a way of bringing grit to his movies and makes the landscapes believable.
user1: I agree that he was a good choice
user2: How did you feel about the whole "Limbo" angle of the movie?
user1: I think that they didnt really know where to go so they just threw in that part
user1: I think they could have just left it at either you wake up or you die and it would have been better
user2: Yes, it was sort of poorly explained. I think they really needed to add a point of anxiety and danger for the hero so they made up the possibility of being "stuck".
user2: I think Mal's death was just weird overall. How about you? 
user1: I think it was added to create more drama for the movie.  I also think that it could have been left out since there was already so many different story lines going on, it made it kind of difficult to follow
user2: Yes, I think Nolan was literally trying to mess with our heads the entire time. What did you think about DiCaprio's character ignoring the test results to see if he was actually awake and deciding to join his kids instead?
user1: I think it added to the suspense and made the viewer wonder what would happen next
user2: I agree it was a bit of a cliffhanger, but then I thought wouldn' he want to know if he was really with his kids!?
user1: That's true but wouldn't he want to make sure he was actually awake and not still dreaming because someone could have planted them in his mind
user2: Yes that's true too, even talking about this movie can start to confuse you.
user1: Haha that is very true
user2: I just think everyone should of stuck close to their totems and everything would of been fine.
user2: The more layers of dream they added , the more confusing it got.
user1: That and trust the results
user1: I definitely agree
user2: Great talk friend!
user2: Have a good day.
user1: Thanks.  You too

conversation:
user2: Hello! Do you like scientific movies like The Inception?
user1: Hi there, yes I do, I find that the Inception has brought a fresh idea to the genre with a star studded cast nonetheless. What are your opinions on this movie?
user2: I appreciate that there is a little bit of a love story in the movie
user2: Do you agree with the rating from IMDB?
user1: The whole premise of the movie is quite surreal, imagine being able to go into someone else's dreams and extract information from them, and yes I believe that a movie that is this well thought out deserves the praise it has received.
user2: I agree as well. I would even rate it higher than the 8.8 that it received from IMDB. Leonardo DiCaprio is one of my favorite actors.
user2: Do you agree that his performance "has never been better as the tortured hero" as one critic said?
user1: Every movie that he is in is great and this movie is no exception, especially when it comes to that review. His performance is able to appeal to the larger audience rather than to just fans of the genre.
user1: What are your opinions on the last review, it would seem that is quite negative towards the Inception?
user2: The review you are talking about seems quite harsh and I do not agree with it! I love the idea of the film as I believe it was very original. 
user2: Do you think that Christopher Nolan did a good job?
user2: [Is the HIT broken? According to the task directions we should have received a new document to discuss by now] 
user1: Yes, I feel the same way, and I believe he hit this out of the park. 
user2: There we go! Did you think this scene was beneficial to the film?
user1: [It would appear there was a mistake, on one part it said 3 back and forth conversations, but later on it mentioned 5, so it would appear it takes 5 to switch the document] 
user1: I felt this was a key scene, it is our grounding in reality and the start of their mission. What do you think about the idea of having armed projections to protect your dreams from possible intruders?
user2: Excellent and very creative. The idea that there is a need for your dreams to be on constant alert is intriguing.
user2: Do you find it interesting that characters can be physically injured by these attacks?
user1: I do, I also find it frightening that dying in a dream, at least one of this nature where heavy sedatives are involved, would send the dying person to limbo instead of waking them up. How would you feel arriving in a world almost impossible to escape from made of infinite subconscious. If it weren'
user2: I would be so scared! I can not imagine having a "mission" like that. Did you appreciate the time element where time flows faster in each level?
user1: I do, it adds a sense of tenseness to the whole operation, where in the initial layers they might have a few seconds to spare, in the lower levels it could be hours, or even days. It's scary isn't it how Mal believed that she was still in a dream after leaving limbo, resulting in her killing herself to "wake up" in her mind.
user2: YES! Very scary! I can't believe Mal refused to return to reality
user2: Should Cobb have been charged with murder?
user1: He shouldn't have been but Mal made it seem as if she had been murdered by him, forcing him to flee, even though it meant leaving his children behind. I feel that it had to have been difficult for Cobb to share that Ariadne, such a personal and tragic story.
user2: I can't believe Cobb was framed like that! Can you imagine spending 50 years that way though and building this world?
user1: I feel that after getting so used to that world, it would be difficult to transition back into what was once my real reality. To spend your entire life somewhere, only to wake up and realize it was simply a dream would be an interesting experience, a tragic one at that.
user2: How do you feel about the concept of totems?
user1: It's interesting, its a fail safe just to make sure that you aren't dreaming. I would get paranoid and always wind up checking it to make sure! It's somewhat bittersweet with Fischer isn't it. On one hand he is being told to break up his fathers energy conglomerate, but in some sense getting the affection his otherwise emotionally cold father would've never given him in real life. 
user2: definitely bittersweet. I like that Cobb ignores the falling top and joins his children. don't you?
user1: Yeah, even though it might not even be them, he won't take the time to find out as he just wants to be with them. I respect the professor that watched over Cobb's children, it must've difficult to explain to what had happened to their parents.
user2: I agree. 
user2: Do you think Cobb should have searched for Saito in Limbo?
user1: Yes, no one else knows what can happen to someone who spends to much time in limbo, and he might be the only person to be able to get him out. 
user2: definitely
user2: it was good chatting with you
user1: it was, have a nice day!
user2: you also

conversation:
user1: This was a good movie in 2009.
user2: What is the name of the movie?
user1: Inception
user2: I would really like to see this movie if it is good.
user1: The plot is a real thrill ride.
user2: That's sounds interesting.
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio does a wonderful job as the lead actor.
user2: Yes he is a good actor that makes me want to see the movie even more.
user1: Christopher Nolan is a great director and this is one of his best.
user2: Wow sounds like a really good movie. Great actors and director.
user1: The whole breaking into people dreams concept is wild.
user2: Indeed, that seems a bit surreal. Thought provoking. 
user1: Do you like science fiction movies?
user2: Yes. I love science fiction movies. Science fiction movies really interest me especially since they draw on actual science. 
user2: I'm an avid fan of Jules Vernes and anything science fiction related. The concept of the movie you described sounds interesting.
user1: I liked Ellen Page's character who is a graduate student of architecture, she constructs the dreamscapes in the movie. 
user2: Architecture blended with proper artistic skill can be beautiful. I imagine the dreamscapes were pretty fantastical. 
user1: The dreamscapes are described as mazes in the movie.
user1: The movie got an average rating of 8.1 on Rotten Tomatoes.
user2: Which infers the structure of the human mind I assume. A maze of the human psyche.
user2: That's a good score. I definitely would watch it.
user1: Tom Hardy is also in the movie as an associate of the lead character.
user2: I'm not familiar with Tom Hardy but if he is working with Leonardo Dicaprio he must be a good actor. I trust Nolan has good casting. 
user1: The weirdest part of the movie is the different dream levels.
user2: That reminds me of Dante's Inferno, different levels of hell but each level is a different layer of the human mind.
user1: A dying dreamer in the movie goes into a sort of limbo or world of infinite subconscious.
user2: Interesting. So they can die in their dreams. Perhaps a coma. That's a bit scary. 
user1: It can get a little confusing in the movie, best not to get up for snacks or restroom breaks as you might be lost when you come back.
user2: I get totally engrossed in movies. This seems like a movie I would watch all the way through while at the edge of my seat. 
user1: I think it is a good movie for a date night.

conversation:
user1: Hi there!
user2: Hello!
user2: I don't have the sheet so I'm guess you do :)
user2: Do you have any movies to recommend?
user1: I do in fact! Have you heard about Inception?
user2: I have. I heard it was good.
user2: Do you know who was in it?
user1: It's a very interesting movie about dreams. It seems most people would agree that it's pretty good. It has a pretty high Rotten Tomatoes score of 86%
user1: It stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Ellen Page, and Tom Hardy
user2: Oh okay.
user2: Does Leo do a good job in this one?
user1: I think he does. He plays Dom Cobb, a professional thief who uses an experimental technology to enter the subconscious of a sleeping person in order to extract valuable information. However, the movie focuses on Cobb's mission to do something that most consider impossible, to plant an idea in someone else's mind.
user2: Yeah that sounds intense!
user2: He's usually pretty good.
user2: Did the movie get good reviews?
user1: Generally speaking yes. Critics praised Leo's performance as a cocky hero that has a sad backstory. Though some people think that while the idea was good that it wasn't fully fleshed out at times.
user1: However, most agree that it's a fun game of cat and mouse between the team of thieves and their target, a man named Maurice Fischer. You see, the man they're trying to influence has been trained to subconsciously defend himself against mental intruders. While Fischer isn't actually aware that his mind has been invaded his subconscious is and creates projections designed to defend itself.
user2: It definitely seems like a genre not everyone would like
user1: It does have some high level concepts that may turn off someone looking for a more laid back movie going experience. Do you typically like your movies to be more short and sweet or do you enjoy films that make you think?
user1: Hello?
user2: I'm here
user2: My computer froze
user2: I usually don't like this type of movie, though.
user2: To answer your question.
user2: But it does sound interesting.
user2: What year did the movie come out?
user1: That's okay. No problem haha! 2009 so it is a bit old by now.
user2: Oh wow!!!
user2: That makes me feel old
user1: Speaking of time, one of the most interesting things about the Dream World in the film is the passage of time. Part of Cobb's process for entering dreams is to construct layers upon layers of dreams. The deeper you go down in the layers the less time passes in the real world.
user2: Oh that's really interesting.
user1: For example, at the deepest layer of dreams, called Limbo, a few hours in the real world can last for 50 years in the Dream World.
user2: That's right, I remember the advertisements describing layered dreams.
user2: Gotcha. That makes sense!
user1: One of the interesting things the movie asks is whether the reality we see in the film is actually real or not. I won't spoil it for you but some people think the entire movie itself could just be one big dream.
user2: That's really interesting.
user1: Do you like movie's that take the real world and twist it into the realm of science fiction?
user2: Not really lol
user2: I'm more of a documentary kind of person.
user2: I like to stay very far into reality haha
user1: You prefer your reality nice and real then haha! Well that's okay. Not everyone likes things to be on the fantastic side. While the story may not be up your alley it may still be worth a watch just to see the visuals.
user1: And with that I think we're done.
user2: Thanks!
user1: It's been nice talking with you!
user2: Have a good one

conversation:
user1: Have you ever seen this movie?
user2: yes is see the movie in 2012
user1: This sounds very different from the rest of Nolan's movies. 
user2: yes it's very different movie
user1: I remember seeing it in the theatre...it was weird how the walls moved in this film. Do you remember that part?
user2: yes it's very awesome to moved walls 
user1: It's interesting the third critical response compares the film to a Shakespeare quote...I don't see the two related at all. It was far too science fiction to relate to Shakespeare.
user2:  Inception grossed over $828 million worldwide, becoming the fourth highest-grossing film of 2010
user1: I know it did very well. Nolan films tend to be successful. 
user2: The film stars Leonardo DiCaprio as a professional thief who steals information by infiltrating the subconscious, and is offered a chance to have his criminal history erased as payment for the implantation of another person's idea into a target's subconscious
user1: DiCaprio shines in this movie, in a type of role he doesn't normally play in movies. 
user2: Christopher Nolan has discussed the controversial and ambiguous ending to his film Inception, which saw a spinning top rotating and wobbling a little before cutting to black.
user1: Kind of falls in line with the dreamer "limbo" status the film spends a lot of time focusing on...this is what happens to the dreamer who is in-between the real world and the dream one. 
user2: are you here?
user1: Yes. Did you get my last comment?
user2: NO
user2: The film-maker explained that he saw the concept of reality in the film – and real life – as entirely subjective.
user1: I'll resend. The ending of the film falls in line with the "limbo" status the film spends a lot of time focusing on
user2: Yes, It's true
user1: The fading in and out from reality to dream world lines up with the ending of the film
user2: Inception has a lot of ideas and it doesn't do anything with them
user1: Do you think that may be the point?
user2: I Know
user1: What do you think of the imaging with the spinning top at the end of the film?
user2: There is only one word to describe the cinematography, the set designs and the special effects
user1: Which is?
user2:  action scenes
user1: You think the film is only describable by the action scenes? 
user1: I don't know, I think the slow parts of the movie makes the viewer think. 
user2: No, I say the movie the described the effects.

conversation:
user1: What do you think about the plot of the movie?
user2: I think the plot was very interesting. It was weird and a little hard to see what it was all about.  Maybe if it was a little weirder, it would have been better.
user2: I think it is very interesting that they are using the subconscious to extract valuable information.  I had never thought about this and it is an interesting way to perform espionage. What do you think?

conversation:
user1: Hello have you ever watched the movie The Inception?
user2: I don't think so! Tell me about it!
user1: It is about a group of people that go into dreams of other people in order to get important information from their memories.
user2: Oh wow, that sounds interesting. Who stars in it?
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Ellen Page, and Tom Hardy
user2: Can you describe an exciting scene in the movie?
user1: the ending when the audience is not sure if the main character is dreaming or awake.
user2: How does the character determine whether or not he is dreaming or awake?
user1: He spins a top, if it falls down then he is awake. If it keeps spinning he is dreaming
user2: How long is the movie?
user1: about two hours and thirty minutes
user2: Describe another exciting scene to me, please.
user1: when the main character firsts shows his female companion that everything around them is a dream, and the world they are living in is created 
user2: How does she react?
user1: she is scared, and they end the dream to calm her down.
user2: Does she eventually become okay with it?
user1: yep, she eventually goes into the dreams with the problem
user2: Who is the director of the movie?
user1: Christopher Nolan is the director 
user2: What year was it produced?
user1: It  was produced in 2009
user2: Can you tell me an interesting fact about the movie? Or something interesting in the movie that was less obvious?
user1: The ending was the best part honestly. You don't know if the main character is dreaming or awake. It does not show if the top stops spinning or not
user2: Do you know how much money it made in its opening week?
user1: I am not sure to be honest.
user2: Does the movie end abruptly but then starts again in the middle of the credits?
user1: Not that I am aware of.
user2: Is there anything else that you can tell me about the movie to help me decide whether or not to watch it?
user1: I think it is a really good movie, and it totally worth watching at least once

conversation:
user2: Hi!
user1: Do you like leonardo dicaprio?
user2: Yes I actually do!
user2: Do you know any movie with him on it?
user1: He was in a movie directed by christoper nolan. its about a proffesional thief who specializes in conning secrets out of peoples dreams
user1: The inception has a rating of 86% on rotten tomatoes and an IMBD score of 8.8/10
user1: you should watch it 
user2: That sounds interesting, is it an old movie?
user1: it's from 2009
user2: It's fairly recent. Do you know anyting else about the plot?
user1: The main character uses experimental military tech to infiltrate the subconscious
user2: Oh! is it a sci-fi movie?
user1: it is sci-fi the actual category is scientfic
user2: I see, are there any other famous actors besides Leonardo Di Caprio?
user1: yes
user1: Ellen Page and, Tom hardy are pretty famous
user2: They're great actors. Where is the movie set? Is it a city, the countryside, or elsewhere?
user1: The setting takes place on a plane on a flight to los angeles and even the cit of LA
user2: Oh! That's awesome. Is it set in the past, the present, or the future?
user1: I think it's in the near future not entirely sure
user2: That makes sense. What about their motivations? Do they get paid for getting into people's dreams?
user1: The motivation is to find secrets in the dreams
user2: I see. Is Leonardo the only protagonist?
user1: Yes I believe so he did work with his wife and in a way she could of also been a protagonist
user1: Joseph Gordon levitt and ellen page could also be considered protagonists 
user2: Oh! I understand. Are they all thieves as well?
user1: ellen page is a student of archutecture who was recruited to create the dreams. joseph gorden levitt researches the mission and tom hardy is a sharp tonque associate of leo
user1: anything else you want to know?
user2: So they work as a group, that's interesting. Are there any risks to their activities?
user1: well in this mission if you die in the dream you can die in real life due to sedatives. if you go to deep into the dreams you go into limbo 
user1: does that answer your question?

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: Hey
user2: This was a pretty wild movie!
user1: What do you thik about the movie?
user1: Yes, I loved it. It had me so interested
user2: I have only recently gotten into science fiction though...
user2: What was your favorite part?
user1: Yeah, me too. I have just watched a few sci fi movies. I really liked the ending. Like, it was really shocking
user1: yours?
user2: Yeah...totally unexpected ending! My favorite part was when Cobb was messing around in Saito's head!
user2: What did you think about the actors?
user1: I think that was really interesting to see Leonardo Dicaprio in that role. I think he was great. I also liked the performance of Ellen Page.
user1: Do you agree with the Critical response of the movie?
user2: I would agree. I usually don't like Leonardo D. but I must admit, this movie made me forget that opinion!
user2: I wasn't familiar with the other actors but they all played their parts well!
user1: Really? I like him a lot. I also liked his performance in Shutter Island. Have you seen that movie?
user2: Nope. Haven't seen that movie. In that respect I guess I do agree with the critics...Leonardo having never been better.
user2: Are you familiar with the director?
user1: You should watch it. Is pretty good too.
user2: I do also agree that the movie is a metaphor, but found that to be a good thing!
user2: I might have to check it out. What is the basic plot? Who was the director?
user1: Not very much. I just know that he was the director of The Justice League, but besides that, I have never seen other of his movies.
user2: I see. 
user1: Yes you have too.  Leonardo DiCaprio plays "Teddy" Daniels who is investigating a psychiatric facility on Shutter Island after one of the patients goes missing. Mark Ruffalo plays his partner officer, Ben Kingsley is the facility's lead psychiatrist, and Michelle Williams is Daniels' wife.
user2: Do you think the fact that so much of the movie took place in dreams made it more or less intense?
user2: Sounds interesting...I like thrillers as long as they don't get gorey...
user1: I think it definitely made it more inense. I do not think that people, even nowadays, really understand dreams, so I found it really interesting that the movie took place on them in lots of scenes.
user1: It does not, trust me.
user1: Did you like the part when Ariadne kills Mal's projection and wakes Fischer up with a kick? I liked that scene a lot.
user2: Yes, I would agree. But I feel like this idea of "what happens to you in your dream threatens to become real life" already has been played out elsewhere.
user2: Or maybe I'm thinking of Avatar. Ha!
user2: Yeah, that was pretty crazy!
user1: Haha. Yeah maybe i have heard of that idea too. 
user1: Avatar was great too.
user2: In general I liked the way time just kept speeding up...
user2: I like it too...even though reviews weren't so great...
user2: Are we supposed to finish now?
user1: Yes, I liked that too. It made it more connected with the ide of the dreams, you know, like when you dream time passes really fast.

conversation:
user1: I thought inception was great.
user2: I found it to be very confusing
user1: It was ingenous with a twisting series of events
user2: Yeah. It was but there were times where I had a difficult time following the plot.
user1: The critics loved inception what where your thoughts
user1: Do you like Science Fiction movies
user2: It did get a lot of great reviews. I see on Rotten Tomatoes it got 86% with 8.1 out of 10 so maybe if I watched it again I would like it more. 
user2: I like some science fiction movies. 
user1: What is your favorite science fiction movie?
user2: Off the top of my head I would say an older movie 12 Monkeys.
user1: Hmm I will ad that to my watchlist.
user2: How about you? What is your favorite science fiction movie?
user1: Guardians of the Galaxy
user2: I have never heard of that. Is it new?
user1: newer
user2: Hmmm. I thought we were only supposed to talk about Inception? 
user1: yes what did you think of the scene where fischer dies in Sy dney?
user2: I do not remember. COUld you briefly refresh my memory?
user2: It has been a while since  I saw it.
user1: The younger fischer set up a shared dream and fell into limbo.
user2: Oh yeah... That was a great scene.
user1: My favorite was when Cobb and Mal feelinto limbo and then revealed it to Ariadne.
user1: I thought cobb leaving his children behind really showed his character traits.
user2: I liked it when Mal refused to come back to reality.
user1: The confession scene sure was powerful.
user2: Wasn't that when Cobb forgave himself Mal's death? 
user1: Yes 
user2: I liked when Cobb made a test to prove that he is in fact inside the real world
user1: I also thought the ending where he chose to live happily with his kids or prove if he was in the real world was excellent and showed great progression.
user2: Yeah, that was a great wway to end the movie

conversation:
user1: So how do you feel about the movie
user2: I think it would be a great movie to see.
user1: Oh definitely will have to make a trip to see it
user2: I think this may be one of DiCaprio's best work.
user1: Yes, he is great and love his work, any movie that he is in.
user2: I see they listed the movie an scientific, but after reading it I think it's more of a thriller. What do you think?
user1: More thriller I believe so too. I don't know where they get the listings of what they are from sometimes.
user2: I definitely agree. I think the overall rating they gave is accurate. 
user1: Yes, for sure. I believe they need some new methods
user2: Do you check out the ratings before watching a movie?
user1: I know, I don't get that either when they are the only ones that seen it. They are just trying to up it to make people go and see it.
user2: When you read about the review and scene did it peak your interest from the start or did it take some time for you get to get into it?
user1: From the start, it got me into it right away.
user1: How about you
user2: It did the same for me. If it doesn't spark my interest in the first 2-3 sentences I lose interest.
user1: Yeah, it has to be able to get my attention from the start.
user2: As for as the critical responses to the movie do you think they were fair?
user1: For the most part they are.
user1: What do you think about the responses?
user2: If I had to choose which response was about how I felt about the movie I would go with the second one.
user1: Yeah, it was more to the point.
user1: Will you go and see it opening weekend?
user2: Going back to the introduction how did you feel about how the military used experimental technology to extract information?
user1: I don't like it, but it does happen in real life
user2: Yes, I would definitely check it out and I agree.
user1: Yeah, one that I would like to see over and over again
user1: Are you even still around to finish this thing?
user2: Yes, I'm just able done reading the second and third scenes that popped up. What do you think about the other  the other actors in the movie? 
user1: I believe they are very good and talented too. It will be one good movie to see with such great talent in it.
user2: Yes, I agree. I was just reading about Mal's suicide and the impact it had.
user1: Yeah, I just read it all again for the 4th time, love it and getting excited
user2: I found the part about Cobb realizing he was in the real world in the end intriguing
user2: Looks like we can click finish the conversation. Enjoyed chatting with you about the movie. Have a great day!

conversation:
user1: I just watched Inception, a movie starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Have you seen it?
user2: Yes I have. I thought it  was interesting. 
user1: It was interesting but I thought it was hard to keep up with the plot at times!
user2: Agreed! there was a lot of back and forth and pieces to put together.
user1: Yeah it was definitely a movie you had to pay attention to at all times!
user2: Given that there aren't many movies made this way it certainly made me think about the future and it's possibilities. 
user1: Yeah it definitely makes you think... a little too much if you ask me! Haha.
user2: Haha true. What did you think about the rating this movie received. Do you tend to read reviews before watching movies like this or go with the specific actor. 
user1: I was kind of surprised that it received such high ratings! I mean it was an okay movie but I guess not really my cup of tea. I'll usually check out ratings before I watch a movie, it saves a lot of time and money! Are you a big Leonardo DiCaprio fan?
user2: Makes sense. Not a fan so much of Leonardo but I love the science fiction genre of movies so this fit that profile. 
user1: I'm not really a Leo fan either!! He got so much hype just because of Titanic. It was interesting to see him in a role like this though- playing the bad guy instead of the hero.
user2: True! I like when actors such as that change roles. In the movie were you able to follow the scenes ok or did you get lost. Such as when they entered Fischer's subconscious and were attacked by guards?
user1: I got so lost in this movie- not gonna lie. It was hard to keep up with the plot twists! When Fischer (the younger) got abducted and they took him into that shared dream that was a little confusing. 
user2: Yes agreed. I had to keep asking what part of the dream are they in. It kept changing. Then it became apparent he was stuck in some type of limbo. 
user1: The part where Cobb says that dying would normally wake them up in real life was very strange. And the whole concept of dream limbo was bizarre! The writers were definitely imaginative. 
user2: Right! I couldn't understand that or why people had to stay behind to setup kicks in order to wake the people sleeping up. I started to think I should take notes to keep up.
user1: Yes notes would be helpful!! And then when Cobb says they spent 50 years in dream world but it was only a few hours of real life, that was crazy. It took a really dark turn when Mal committed suicide though.
user2: Yes I was just about to say this. So basically now the dream world is longer than reality and they have a totem to help them distinguish between whats real and not real. What a turn of events. Only the suicide backfires because Cobb leaves his kids and flees the country. 
user1: Yeah learning about the totems was another "wait what's going on?" moment! Do you think Cobb was responsible for Mal's death?
user2: No, it seemed like she woke up and still thought she was dreaming so she did that to wake him up. Not sure how the totem did not work or why she thought that. 
user1: That part was a little confusing to me, too. 
user1: Is it a movie you'd go see again?
user2: True. I am still trying to figure out exactly how she framed him. Probably not. It was too much. Too much concentration.
user1: Yeah that didn't make sense. How could she frame him if she killed herself? He definitely felt guilty over her death though. 
user2: Which is weird to me. Why did he feel guilty. He didn't kill her and why was her projection still projecting if she was dead.
user1: Right? So many questions. And then how did Cobb end up in Limbo again? 
user2: Haha I know. Do you remember the end. Where he does the test to prove he's not in the dream world anymore with the spinning top. He ignored it. So was he in limbo still or reality?
user1: That part was very strange! I think he was in Limbo still... I think the result showed him he wasnt
user1: in reality and he chose to ignore it because he didn't want to face reality.
user2: Yea, then it got me wondering if he was dead too or something. the whole moving was frustrating. I'd have to watch it 2 or 3 times in order to get it.
user1: So many questions. Definitely not one I'd pick to watch if I wanted to relax! Well hey good talk, I'm gonna go. Bye!
user2: You too! 

conversation:
user2: The movie sounds very interesting.
user1: Hi! Have you seen this movie?
user2: I have seen it. It has been a couple of years since I saw it last.
user1: I have not seen it, but there are a lot of stars in it; DiCaprio, Gordon-Levitt, Page, and Hardy. It does sound very interesting.
user2: Very good movie.
user1: So the premises is DiCaprio's character goes into people's dreams to extract information. Is that correct?
user2: More so plant an idea than take information.
user1: Gotcha! I will have to check this movie out. I have heard of the title, but never watched it. Very different concept.
user1: Are there twists and turns throughout the movie?
user2: When one of the critics calls it 'ingenious' they are spot on. 
user2: I would say there are twists and turns in the movie. 
user2: It's also rated really high which seems rare these days.
user2: Christopher Nolan's movies are usually great.
user1: Nice! Does someone in the movie work in the military because I see the use of experimental military technology?
user2: I'm not sure. I think you can use experimental military technology without actually being in the military.
user1: So the "extractors" are played by DiCaprio and Gordon-Levitt, correct?
user1: The article doesn't really go into detail about Tom Hardy's role. 
user2: I believe so
user2: No it doesn't 
user1: I find it intriguing that Ellen Page's character creates the dreamscapes. Just imagine if that happened in real life?!
user2: It would be really cool and also really scary.
user2: The entire concept of the movie is pretty amazing.
user2: Very Deep
user1: So if they are planting these dreamscapes into their subconscious, does it impact them when they are conscious?
user2: It can. I think that is the goal. Plant an idea during the dream so that the person acts on it when conscious. 
user1: Or maybe a better question to ask is if a person is in a dreamscape and dies, will they die in their natural/physical state?
user2: I think they do not wake up and go so deep into the dream they can't come back without help. It talks about 'limbo' I'm not sure if they die in Limbo or not.
user1: Thanks! I just read that in the updated article. 
user1: My last message read my mind.
user1: OK. Now I am confused. Who is Mal? 
user2: The 'totem' is an interesting thing. 
user1: And 50 YEARS in a dream-sharing technology. That is insane!
user2: Yes it is.
user2: The 'kick' sounds interesting. So there is a 'kick' used to awaken a dreamer. 
user1: Did Mal commit suicide in her physical state or in the daydream? It sounds like she did it in the dreamscape from what I am reading.
user2: I think she thought she was still dreaming and literally killed herself. 
user2: I think that is right.
user1: What is a kick? I am thinking use of the foot, but in this case I know that is not right. 
user2: I believe it is using the foot to jar a person awake.
user1: Now I see what you're saying about the totem. That is pretty awesome!
user2: But I guess Mal didn't have one? She seems to have gotten confused which is what the totem is supposed to prevent.
user1: I believe we both met our quota on 12 replies back and forth so with that being said, thanks for the conversation and I will definitely check this movie out. Have a good one!
user2: you too
user1: Thanks!

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hey there! So, the movie I got is inception.  I really think it would be a good watch for you.
user1: It was rated really highly on IMDB and Rotten tomatoes so that's already a good sign. Leonardo DiCaprio is the lead, he portrays a thief that steals information from peoples dreams. 
user1: One critic response states "wildly ingenious chess game" so if you're into deep psychological thrillers that's definitely another plus.
user1: Do you like movies in the scientific genre?

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: Hello!
user2: Have you seen Inception? It's a psychological thriller
