wiki document:
cast:
Ben Affleck as Bruce Wayne / Batman
Henry Cavill as Clark Kent / Superman
Amy Adams as Lois Lane
Jesse Eisenberg as Lex Luthor
Diane Lane as Martha Kent

critical response:
 153 minutes of a grown man whacking two dolls together, has the definition of 'movie' changed from 'motion picture story that a human wrote on purpose' to '700 only tangentially related 12-second grey and red vignettes ? 
The point of Batman v Superman isn't fun, and it isn't thinking, either. It's obedience. The theology is invoked ... to buttress a spectacle of power. And in that way the film serves as a metaphor for its own aspirations. The corporations that produce movies like this one, and the ambitious hacks who sign up to make them, have no evident motive beyond their own aggrandizement.
 better than Man of Steel but below the high bar set by Nolan's Dark Knight 
As the film progresses, Lex degenerates into a gibbering mad man, some strange mix of the Riddler and the Joker with a little bit of Mark Zuckerberg added for flair.

director:
Zack Snyder

genre:
SuperHero

introduction:
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is a 2016 American superhero film featuring the DC Comics characters Batman and Superman. Directed by Zack Snyder, it is the second installment in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU), following 2013's Man of Steel. It was written by Chris Terrio and David S. Goyer, and features an ensemble cast that includes Ben Affleck, Henry Cavill, Amy Adams, Jesse Eisenberg, Diane Lane, Laurence Fishburne, Jeremy Irons, Holly Hunter, and Gal Gadot. Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is the first live-action film to feature Batman and Superman together, as well as the first live-action cinematic portrayal of Wonder Woman. In the film, criminal mastermind Lex Luthor (Eisenberg) manipulates Batman (Affleck) into a preemptive battle with Superman (Cavill), whom Luthor is obsessed with defeating.

movie name:
Batman vs Superman

rating:
Rotten Tomatoes: 27% and average: 4.9/10
Metacritic Score: 44/100
CinemaScore: B

year:
2016

description:
Eighteen months after the battle between Superman and General Zod in Metropolis, Superman has become a controversial figure. Billionaire Bruce Wayne, who has operated in Gotham City as the vigilante Batman for two decades, sees Superman as an existential threat to humanity. After learning of Batman's form of justice, Clark Kent seeks to expose him via Daily Planet articles. Wayne learns that Russian weapon trafficker Anatoli Knyazev has been contacting LexCorp mogul Lex Luthor. Meanwhile, Luthor unsuccessfully tries to persuade Senator June Finch to allow him to import kryptonite retrieved from the Indian Ocean following Zod's terraforming attempt, claiming he wants to maintain it as a 'deterrent' against future Kryptonian threats. He instead makes alternative plans with Finch's subordinate and gains access to Zod's body and the Kryptonian scout ship. 
Later, Luthor kidnaps Lois and Martha Kent, Clark's adoptive mother, to bring Superman out of exile. He reveals to him that he manipulated Superman and Batman by fueling their distrust for each other. Luthor demands that Superman kill Batman in exchange for Martha's life. Superman tries to explain the situation to Batman, but instead Batman fights Superman and eventually subdues him. Before Batman can kill him with the spear, Superman urges Batman to 'save Martha', whose name is also shared with Bruce's late mother, confusing him long enough for Lois to arrive and explain what Superman meant. Realizing how far he has fallen and unwilling to let an innocent die, Batman rescues Martha, while Superman confronts Luthor on the scout ship. 
Luthor is arrested and Batman confronts him in prison, warning Luthor that he will always be watching him. Luthor gloats that Superman's death has made the world vulnerable to powerful alien threats. A memorial is held for Superman in Metropolis. Clark is also declared dead, with various friends and family members including Bruce Wayne and Diana Prince attending for him in Smallville. Martha gives an envelope to Lois, which contains an engagement ring from Clark. After the funeral, Bruce expresses his regrets to Diana about how he failed Superman. He reveals to her that he plans to form a team of metahumans, starting with those from Luthor's files, to help protect the world in Superman's absence. After they leave, the dirt atop Clark's coffin levitates. 

conversation:
user2: Hi! Today we'll be discussing Batman vs Superman!
user1: Great! Do I need to watch any other DC Comic movies prior to watching this one?
user2: I can't honestly say, however, as a critic noted "it's better than Man of Steel but not as good as The Dark Knight". 
user1: Who are the lead actors? 
user2: It follows 2013's Man of Steel so you would probably need to see it just to be safe...
user2: Batman, Superman and even wonder woman makes an appearance!
user1: Haha! Do you know which actors play Batman, Superman, and Wonder Woman in this movie? 
user2: Ben Affleck plays Batman/Bruce Wayne, Henry Cavill plays Clark Kent/Superman. Gal Gadot stars in the film as well as Diane Lane as Martha Kent and Amy Adams as Louis Lane. Are you a fan of any of those actors?
user1: All but Ben Affleck. Lest super hero movie I saw him in was Daredevil and that was rough. Let's hope he's better in this. 
user1: Though, I am a Michael Keaton fan when it comes to Batman. I suspect anyone playing Batman who is not Keaton will be weird to me. 
user2: Most of the critics wasn't too fond of it, but CinemaScore have it a rating of B, which I feel is about right for this film!
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: I have and would grade it a solid B, just as CinemaScore did. Are you a fan of director Zack Snyder?
user1: I'm not sure. What other movies has he directed? 
user2: He directed Batman vs Superman. The film takes place 18 months after the battle between General Zod and Superman. Superman becomes a controversial figure while Clark Kent learns of Batman's form of justice and seeks to expose him via Daily Planet articles. 
user1: Has he directed anything else besides the Batman or Superman movies?
user2: I can't honestly say. I know he directed this film while David S. Goyer and Chris Terrio cowrote it. 
user1: Batman and Superman are enemies in this film? 
user2: They are - Lex Luthor, who is obsessed with defeating Superman, basically manipulates them into fighting each other.
user1: Whose side is Wonder Woman on?
user2: Well to be honest, Batman has Superman beat and just before he can kill Superman, Superman utters "save martha" to which Lane enterenters and explains Martha is his mother. Batman rescues Martha while Superman confronts Luther on the scout ship. At this point, Wonder Woman hasn't debuted yet 
user1: Dang! Crazy that Batman has Superman beat! Isn't Batman just a millionaire with a lot of fancy gadgets? Superman at least has real super powers. You would think that would give him a one-up. Did Batman have kryptonite or something?
user2: I do very much agree with you! It is puzzling but Batman has a spear he plans to kill superman with just before he utters the "Save Martha" line, halting Batman from killing him.
user1: Do the join forces after that?
user1: they*
user2: They do thankfully - Batman actually saves Martha while Superman travels to the scout ship to Confront Luther.
user1: Does he kill Luther? 
user2: Luther was also the one who kidnapped Martha. He doesn't kill Luther but Luther is arrested to which Batman confronts him while he's in prison, warning that he'll always be watching.
user1: So basically leaving an opening for another movie in the franchise?
user1: I've heard debates on Superman's and Batman's outfits in this movie. Some say that they are awesome and some say that they are ridiculous and too different form their beloved originals. What are your thoughts on this?
user2: They do... Sadly, Superman dies, however, Bruce Wayne intends to form a team of Metahumans, starting with the Metahumans he found in Luthor's files to protect the world in Sueprmans absence. 
user2: While it did seem like 153 minutes of a grown man whacking two dolls together, I still found it better than Man of Steel.
user1: Wait, Superman dies? How??
user2: Well to be honest, at the end of the film, the dirt atop Sueprman's coffin does begin to levitate! I think we're at the finish line! I enjoyed chatting with you about Batman vs Superman! I highly recommend you seeing it one day. If you agree with CinemaScore, they rated it a B so I think you'll enjoy it and encourage you to watch it! Take care and have a great day!

conversation:
user2: hey partner
user2: hey partner
user1: hey
user1: I like the movie, about about you?

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: i would love to watch this movie 
user1: hello!
user2: have you seen it?
user1: Nope. But i want to. It seems very interesting and connects to most movies i have watched
user2: so you are fan of these superhero movies as well?
user1: yes i am 
user1: i love the advangers movies
user1: and the new wonder women 
user2: Do you think Ben Affleck makes a good Batman?
user1: I think he is a little on the odler side 
user1:  but i still think he would be good for the part 
user2: You will like him in this one for sure. 
user1: sweet 
user1: what are your thoughts about diana playing martha 
user2: Nice little twist with the whole Kryptonite in this too
user2: Yea I don't mind Martha at all. 
user1: Yess!! Thats what i was thinking 
user1: You don't like martha as a character? 
user2: Yes I do 
user1: Oh okay 
user1: I do want to see this movie. Like i would like to see how the actors played the characters 
user2: Batman rescued here in this movie
user1: hopefully this went all out with the acting 
user1:  and graphics 
user1: and just everything to be honest 
user2: It's pretty good. It's about 153 mins long
user1: Yes and i see it sasy that it is in between man of steel and dark night 
user2: I liked the sneak peak of Wonder Woman in here too. 
user1: She appears in it too?
user2: Yes. 
user2: It's pretty cool
user1: That would be great 
user2: I think Zack Snyder did a great job directing it 
user1: I have seen a few of his moveis 
user2: He killed it with this one 
user1:  he does a great job with directing 
user2: I agree with you 
user2: Eisenberg played a good Lex Luther too 

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello
user2: I just watched Batman vs. Superman, have you seen it yet?
user1: No I haven't
user2: It's the first movie like this with Batman and Superman together.
user1: That sounds good
user2: Batman is played by Ben Affleck.  He gets tricked into fighting Superman.
user1: Who plays Superman?
user2: Henry Cavill.  Wonder Woman is in it too.
user2: I like him, he's a good actor.
user1: I love Wonder Woman. Who plays Wonder Woman?
user2: I'm not sure of her name, but Laurence Fishburne and Holly Hunter are in it too.
user1: I like both of them. The movie sounds good. How long is it?
user2: It's 153 minutes so it's fairly long.  There's a part where Bruce Wayne/Batman seeks out kryptonite in the Indian Ocean as a deterrent.
user2: It didn't get very good critics scores.
user1: That is a long movie. I enjoy long movies, especially in the theaters. It sounds interesting. What did the critics have to say about it?
user2: CinemaScore graded it as a B, Rotten Tomatoes 4.9/10 and Metacritic Score was 44/100. One of the critics said it wasn't as good as Dark Knight but it was better than Man of Stee.
user2: Steel.
user1: Wow. Those are really low scores! I am surprised at that. Usually these types of movies are popular and do well.
user2: Yeah, agreed.  In one part of the movie, Superman's mom gets kidnapped and the kidnapper demands he kill Batman for his Mom's release.
user1: And what happens once his mom is released?
user2: She isn't released that way, because Batman realizes right before he kills Superman that they are both being tricked.  Batman ends up rescuing Superman's Mom, and Superman goes after the kidnapper.
user1: Does Superman have a fight with kidnapper?
user1: And who wins
user2: Yes, Superman confronts the kidnapper, whose name is Luthor, played by Jesse Eisenberg, on the Kryptonian scout ship.
user1: That sounds exciting. Is Wonder Woman in the movie a lot?
user2: Luthor gets arrested and then Batman goes to visit him in prison.  I don't want to tell you the outcome of the fight because I don't want to ruin the ending.  No, Wonder Woman doesn't have a very big part.
user1: I love Wonder Woman! Yes, don't give away the outcome because I want to see it! 
user2: I think you'll really like it.  I don't always believe the critics, you never know what else is going on with them.
user1: I think I would too. I try not to listen too much to them either. I have seen some really good movies that the critics just rip to shreds. 
user2: There may have been a movie coming out the same weekend they were friends with the director or something loke that.
user2: like
user2: Well I hope you enjoy it.  If nothing else, it is a must-see just to have Batman and Superman fighting.
user1: I think I will enjoy it! 
user2: Okay it's been good chatting with you.  Have a great day!
user1: You too!! Thank you 
user2: okay bye
user1: Bye

conversation:
user1: Hi are you ready to get started? This is a batman vs superman superhero crossover movie. Are you familiar with those superheroes?
user2: We are here to discuss Batman vs. Superman: Dawn of Justice
user2: Yes i am familar with the characters but some of the actors i have never heard of
user1: I think it sounds like an amazing movie. I love superheroes. I think some of the critics are too harsh. It was a good plot line. I am familiar with Ben Affleck but none of the others. 
user1: I wish they would have used more famous people. 
user1: I would agree though that it was not as good as man of steel. The plot line of that was amazing!
user2: Ben Affleck is the only actor I recognize great plot very harsh critcs
user1: I agree. I didn't completely understand why Batman and Superman fought though. 
user2: Rotten Tomatoes list it as 27%and average with a 4.9 out of 10. The critcs must be weird. Yeah i couldnt figure out the fight but think it was because superman accidentally killed bruce waynes dad
user1: I thought it was worth a meteoritic score more than 44. That seemed low! That makes sense. I would be mad if someone tried to kill one of my family members. 
user1: hello?
user2: Yeah me to it did also have a unique spin on character of Lex Luthor who just seems to go doown hill the whole movie. I like how the critic talked about Lex (who is supermans arch enemy ) because he compared him to the joker and riddler (who are batmans arch enemies
user2: Then he tops off the crazy part by comparing him to Mark Zuckerburg. 
user1: Ohh. I liked that too. I like how they always try to biring in the government official s
user2: Yeah im still here just slow typer
user1: Do you like batman or superman better in the movie?
user2: Actually superman 
user2: How bout u
user2: I grew up watching the justice league cartoons in thelate 70s and early 80s in which alll the superheros worked together.
user1: I love batman
user1: He is so mysterious 
user2: Sorta ironic that they become enemies 
user2: Yes he is very mysterious
user1: It is. Its not what I expected at all
user1: I expected more like the avengers where a bunch of heroes work together 
user1: I don't really like that they are enimies
user1: Especially to the point where batman was going to kill superman 
user2: Me either but superman pretty much started it the article says clark kent was trying to make bruce wayne and batman look bad thru his news articles
user2: You know though to be honest if you look at the way the world is today so full of bad it makesperfect sense in a world view to have them as enemies. 
user1: I guess so. They do have polar opposite personalities. One is a humble farm boy and the other is a rich executive 
user1: I could see why they clash in that aspect, but I guess I don't imagine them interacting very much in superhero world. 
user2: It says in the 3rd part that at supermans funeral that bruce way e apol9gizes to lois lane saying that he failed superman
user2: DUUHHHH well yeah he failed him if he killed him lol
user1: I would feel like if I failed someone if I let them die too. Haha. I like the mysterious dirt levitating though 
user1: Haha 
user1: Thats what I was thinking 
user2: Little humor there
user2: Have u seen this movie 
user1: No have you? is that the end?
user1: I can't tell
user1: Oh yeah. It is.
user1: I wonder if there will be a sequel 
user2: Yes watched it 3 times its a tearjerker for me when superman dies
user1: I feel like good superhero movies need sequels 
user2: I dunno could be a sequel 
user2: Like how superman didnt really die he just hibernated til he found out a way to smooth it over with batman

conversation:
user1: Dude 
user1: what's good?
user2: hey
user1: you told me you would review a movie with me the last time we talked 
user1: so you have my full attention 
user1: bring it on
user2: Have you seen batman vs superman?
user1: Nope 
user2: why not?
user1: but I almost saw the trailer sometimes back
user1: Maybe because i don't fancy them
user1: so what's up with the movie?
user2: Haven't you heard that it is a great movie?
user1: Yeah, I hear that too often
user1: I guess it is a Sci-Fi genre right?
user2: not really
user1: so what genre does it belong?
user2: It's more of a fantasy, you should go see it it, it is action packed.
user1: WHAT IS THE GENRE?
user2: fantasy
user1: remind me the director's name please, 
user2: Is there a particular reason you have not seen it yet?
user1: No not any
user1: can you give me a run down of the cast?
user2: why? Why didn't the trailer interest you?

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hello so the movie we will be talking about is Batman V. Superman
user2: Great! I haven't actually seen that yet, but have been really wanting to. Which actors play Batman and Superman?
user1: The actors are really great and you probably know all of them. Ben Affleck , Henry Cavill, Amy Adams, and Jesse Eisenberg to name a few.
user2: Oh, that is a great cast? Henry Cavill played Superman in the latest Superman film right?
user2: Sorry, a great cast!
user1: I am not sure but the film is still a part of the DC extended universe. Also it will be featuring wonder woman.
user2: Ooh, that is excellent. I am looking forward to seeing Wonder Woman! Are Batman and Superman enemies at the start of the film?
user1: Well lex luthor manipulates batman into a battle with Superman because he is obssessed with cloning superman.
user2: Oh! So Batman is supposed to bring Superman to Lex Luthor?
user1: No that is not the case however he is manipulated into helping. By the way did I mention this is going to be the first time batman and superman are in a movie together?
user2: Really? The first time? That seems pretty amazing knowing that the characters have been around for so long! Very cool. Is the story set in Metropolis or Gotham?
user1: The film appears to take place in both cities, and Batman comes to view Superman as a threat to humanity.
user2: That is interesting, to have the film set in both cities. So Batman sees it as his duty somewhat to take Superman down?
user1: Well the relationships of the characters are quite complex because Clark Kent A.K.A. Superman learns of Batman's justice methods and tries to expose him. All this happening while Lex luthor makes moves to get approval to obtain kryptonite from a senator.
user2: Interesting. And so, I imagine Lois Lane is in this story? If so, does she serve a greater purpose? Does she know both superheroes?
user1: Maybe but I am not sure. By the way do you usually care about reviews?
user2: I will often read reviews to see what people have to say, but I don't change my mind about wanting to see a movie based on reviews. I think that I can't really know unless I see for myself. Do you care about reviews?
user1: Not usually I like to be my own judge however if the reviews are overwhelmingly bad or good then it may influence whether or not I watch in theatres. I have to say for this movies though the reviews are quite mixed. 
user2: Did you enjoy this film?
user1: I did. I really liked seeing the scenes where batman manages to subdue the superman.
user2: Cool. I guess that's one of the ultimate questions, which one could beat out the other. Do they team up at all in the film?
user1: Yes in Batman chooses to save Supermans mother while Superman confonts Lex.
user2: Oh wow! The pairing of Batman and Superman's mom is a really cool part of the story, heartwarming.
user1: I know but the film ends with sadly the death of Superman.
user2: Oh wow! I am surprised by that, I thought they would keep their story line going for another movie or two. 
user1: Dont worry the dirt on top of the coffin vibrates a nice wink from the Director.
user2: Haha! That's the closing shot?!
user1: I believe so it is in the last scene.
user2: Awesome! Take care.

conversation:
user2: hi
user2: see any good movies lately?
user2: hello?
user1: Hey! Not really, I just Batman vs. Superman. The 27% Rotten Tomatoes score is fitting.
user2: oh, i havent seen that one, tell me more
user2: why was it so bad?
user1: Well, it's the sequel to Man of Steel. There's a lot of meaningless action and not much else.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi
user2: What is the name of the movie?
user1: Batman v Superman. Have you watched it ?
user2: No, I havent, is it good?
user1: Are you still there?
user1: It's better than Man of Steel, the superman movie
user1: But well below Dark Knight.

conversation:
user1: Hello there!
user2: hello!
user1: What did you think of this movie?
user2: I'm not sure I have seen it. What is it called?
user1: Batman vs. Superman
user2: Awesome! I like comic book movies. Who directed it?
user1: Zack Snyder directed it
user2: I like his work. Who is the love interest?
user1: I guess you could say Lois Lane, played by Amy Adams was the love interest.
user2: Oh wow. She is beautiful! Who plays Batman?
user1: Ben Affleck played Batman in this one. I think he did a good job, but there was too much backstory for Batman in the movie.
user2: It seems like Superman could just kill Batman with ease. Is the movie interesting?
user1: Yeah, but they set it up so Batman has kryptonite and thus an advantage. I thought it was interesting as it was an integration of not only the super heros but also their cities of origin.
user2: Oh yeah! I forgot about Krypton. Who did the soundtrack? I love movie music.
user1: I actually don't remember much about the soundtrack, I think it was mostly background filler music nothing from major music artists like in other movies. 
user2: Is Batman and Superman Marvel or D.C? I forget.
user1: D.C., Wonder Woman was also in the movie!
user2: Really! Who plays Wonder Woman?
user1: The same person who played her in the Wonder Woman movie, I forget her name though. She was helpful because she got Batman and Superman to get along better towards the end of the movie.
user2: Did she use the Lasso of Truth?
user1: I don't know if it was of truth but it was glowing and unbreakable 
user2: That's the one! How long is the movie?
user1: 153 minutes! So about 2.5 hours!
user2: Is it okay for kids?
user1: It gets a little dark and violent which might scare some of them.
user2: What is it rated?
user1: Probably PG-13 or R
user2: Any idea how much money it made at the box office, roughly?
user1: I don't think it did very well money wise but it wasn't the worst. I think it is hard to compete with bigger movies sometimes. 

conversation:
user1: Hi.
user2: Hey
user2: So am I allowed to mention the name of the movie?
user1: Yeah, I think so. 
user2: So how do you feel about Batman vs Superman then?
user1: I've always been a big batman fan, never really got on board with superman. 
user2: That's probably for the best. It got Rotten Tomatoes 27%, so people hate it.
user2: "153 minutes of a grown man whacking two dolls together"
user1: Did Affleck play Batman? I just can't buy him as batman. 
user1: Oh that's just the best.
user2: He did yeah
user2: Oh dang it gets deep. ""The point of Batman v Superman isn't fun, and it isn't thinking, either. It's obedience. Thetheology is invoked ... to buttress a spectacle of power. And in that way the film serves asa metaphor for its own aspirations."
user1: hahaha. That's one of the best reviews ever. I'm glad that I didn't watch it. I kinda of want to now, just to see how bad it is. 
user2: I think this movie definitely falls into the rent and watch at home catagory
user1: oh yeah, or find it free somewhere. I think I'd kick my own butt for paying for it. 
user2: "As the film progresses, Lex degenerates into a gibbering mad man, some strange mix of the Riddler and teh Joker with a little bit of Mark Zuckerberg added for flair."
user2: *the
user1: Ahhh.. Zuckerberg. Did the same guy play Zuckerberg and Luther? Seems like I vaguely remember that from the trailers.
user2: Jesse Eisenberg
user2: It did appear people liked this movie more than Man of Steel, have you watched that?
user1: when it came out. I wasn't a fan. I haven't seen it since.
user2: In my opinion, people don't want a superhero who is perfect like superman is. They want someone flawed and easy to relate to. Who is your favorite movie superhero?
user1:  I agree with that. I've always been partial to villains. Loki from Thor is one of the best on screen villains I've seen in a while.
user1: But the incredible hulk is probably the best.
user2: Then you must have really enjoyed the most recent Marvel movie, Thor Ragnarok.
user1: oh man, i loved it.They went the route of Guardians of the Galaxy with the humor and I really enjoyed it, but i've seen others that didn't. 
user2: The most intense moment in Batman vs Superman was when Superman is about to kill Batman and he confuses him by saying "save Martha."
user2: If you are okay with crude humor deadpool is probably up you're alley
user2: very antihero
user1: deadpool is one of my favorites! It's very good.Have you watched the movie Super?
user2: Super? No, it doesn't sound very familiar.
user2: Sometimes it is hard for me to see movies because there is only one theater where I live and they make poor decisions as to what to play, in my opinion at least.
user1: It's really really good. It's very dark, it has Dwight  Schrutte from the office in it. I watched it on one of the streaming sites, I can't remember which one. It's fairly old too, it's an indie.I agree, there's only one around here within an hours drive, I usually wait until I can rent or stream it. 
user2: Dark movies are definitely in now, I'm all for it. 
user2: I hope the companies continue with that antihero trend
user1: Me too. Try to find that and watch it. It's one of my all time favorite movies. It's kind of bizarre, but good.
user2: Okay cool
user2: Did you get here off mturk?
user1: yeah! i haven't done it in years, and started back up yesterday. lol
user2: It's surprising how much you can make, I've made like $80 so far.
user1: that's awesome! When i did it before, I did it 2 hours a night for about 3 weeks and made over 100$! that's what brought me back! lol
user2: Yea doing it on a schedule is good. I've found that you make more money if you do it during the hours most people are busy.
user2: Anyways nice talking to you and good luck!

conversation:
user1: Batman vs Superman Not great scores on Rotten Tomatoes but Cinemascore gave it a B
user2: Oh. I haven't seen it before. 
user2: Have you seen it? What happens?
user1: Ben Affleck is alright in it, but thought Henry Cavill as Superman was great.
user1: Batman is trying to find a way to defeat Superman as he is an alien not from this world
user2: I've never been a big Affleck fan. Is that who plays batman?
user1: Yes he is Batman. He is alright in it. 
user2: I don't get around to watching many movies. 
user1: You should. They are good form of entertainment
user2: Was Henry Cavill is as good as Reeves?
user1: It seems odd as Batman is a regular Human, and Superman is "unbeatable"
user1: I would say they are different. Not necessarily better. 
user2: What about Dean Cain? 
user1: Anybody is better LOL
user1: To give you a view of the movie. This takes after the first Superman. Roughly 18 months
user2: Haha. That's probably true. 
user1: Batman is trying to find a way to defeat Superman because he could wipe out the world whenever he wants
user2: Oh. It's been a long time since I've seen the first one. 
user1: Also Lex Luthor wants to defeat Superman because he is all powerful and is crazy
user1: So in order for Lex to win he sets up a plan for Batman and Superman to fight
user2: Sounds enjoyable. 
user1: Superman does not want too, but lex kidnaps Lois Lane and his mom and forces him to fight
user2: My son would like it I bet. He's only 3 but is getting in to superheros. 
user1: Superman tries to plea with Superman
user1: Batman not Superman
user1: Tell him what is happening. 
user1: Also Batman has come into contact with Kryptonite and creates weapon to make him weak
user2: Oh. Wait... Okay I gotcha. 
user1: Batman is about to defeat Superman but asks Batman to "Save Martha" his mom and that is Batman's mom name
user2: So what happened?
user2: Did he save her?
user1: He has a flash back and realizes what he is doing is wrong, and Lois Lane escapes and pleas with Batman to save her and not kill Superman
user2: So everyone lives and it's a happy ending?
user1: Nope

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hey! have you seen batman vs superman?
user1: No, I have not not :/
user1: Have you seen american pie?
user2: a very long time ago, not recently
user1: Wait, what's batman vs superman about?
user1: I've been excited to see that!
user2: It's a sequel to DC's Man of Steel
user1: Is it action, drama, love?
user1: What genre?
user2: It's an SuperHero movie. It was the first time ever to feature Batman and Superman live together.
user1: Really? That's interesting because I've seen Superman and Batman as independent movies, but not with the superheroes together
user1: Does it have a good rating?
user1: On rotton tomatoe?
user2: It has an average of 4.9/10 on rotten tomatoe
user2: It's basically where Batman sees Superman as a threat to humanity, so the two go head-to-head
user1: That's really cool! Who is the main actor?
user2: There is Ben Affleck as Bruce Wayne and Henry Cavill as Clark Kent
user1: I love Ben Affleck!!
user1: Can I rent the movie at the library?
user1: Or on netflix?
user1: Is it accessible?
user2: There is no information available to me regarding where it is available.
user1: Okay, well as long as it's easy to find, I'm interested to watch it
user2: But the plot is interesting enough for you to search it out!
user2: There's kidnapping, villains, love and drama!
user1: oooh!
user1: It's at my town library!
user1: I can go and rent it there easily
user1: or I can rent or buy it on itunes
user1: Sounds like a fun plot to watch!
user2: that's great! those are great places to get new movies to watch
user2: Ever heard of director Zack Snyder? He was the one in charge!
user1: Oh really!?!?
user1: I heard he directed wonder woman too!
user1: That's very cool
user2: It's kind of an old movie but still good! Dated 2006
user1: I've liked the other movies he has directed
user1: I think old movies are great too
user2: Exactly! Some things are timeless.
user2: If you see Batman vs Superman I hope you enjoy it!
user1: Yes, I will most likely rent it from the library
user1: I'm excited!
user1: Hello?
user1: Have tou left?

conversation:
user2: Batman vs Superman
user2: The director is Zack Snyder, 27% Rotten Tomatoes, 4.9/10.
user2: Not very popular it seems
user1: But the audiences liked it. It has a B cinema score 
user2: Yes
user1: There is a huge divergence between proffessional critical opinion and regular movie goers
user2: I've never seen it
user2: I know the difference. 
user2: I can't believe they used Ben Affleck as Batman
user1: So it probably won't get any awards, but should have done well enough at the box office
user1: It was a strange choice
user2: Well it was made in 2016
user1: I'm just guessing as to what it may have accomplished back then
user2: Probably nothing with those scores
user1: The box office gross is more important than critics acceptance for these blockbuster type movies
user2: I don't like how they made a whole new story line.
user2: They ruined it for me
user1: although critics can affect word of mouth to an extent
user2: Batman as a billionaire
user2: yeah right!
user1: Isn't that what he always was?
user2: But they make it the main focus.
user2: Batman I know, was humble
user1: The lack of intellectual development for the main characters was my problem. Especially concerning Lex Luthor
user2: Have you seen this movie?
user1: Yes I have
user2: What was your favorite part?
user1: Lex Luthor was the worse villain ever
user2: You think?
user1: This wasn't a memorable movie. It got me through a bucket of popcorn at the moment I was watching, but you forget about it soon after
user2: hahaha
user2: Did people know that they were super heroes? 
user1: The best part was Wonder Woman action scenes in the final act
user2: I love Wonder Woman
user1: Wonder Woman is the right name for her cause I always wonder why they took so long to get her into the movies
user2: haha
user2: I agree!!!!

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: Hi.
user1: Do you have a loaded document?
user2: Yes, I do.
user1: I'm not seeing anything but the chat box?
user2: I know.
user1: What is the movie discussion about?
user1: What movie?
user2: Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice 2016
user1: I've never seen it have you?
user2: It's ok, but way too long.
user2: Cast: Ben Afleck as Bruce Wayne/Batman
user2: Henry Cavil as Clark Kent/Superman
user1: Great actors don't you agree?
user1: What is the movie about?
user2: You know, the regular superhero film
user2: Eighteen months after the battle between Superman and General Zod in Metropolis,Superman has become a controversial figure. Billionaire Bruce Wayne, who has operated inGotham City as the vigilante Batman for two decades, sees Superman as an existentialthreat to humanity. After learning of Batman's form of justice, Clark Kent seeks to exposehim via Daily Planet articles. Wayne learns that Russian weapon trafficker Anatoli Knyazevhas been contacting LexCorp mogul Lex Luthor. Meanwhile, Luthor unsuccessfully tries topersuade Senator June Finch to allow him to import kryptonite retrieved from the IndianOcean following Zod's terraforming attempt, claiming he wants to maintain it as a"deterrent" against future Kryptonian threats. He instead makes alternative plans withFinch's subordinate and gains access to Zod's body and the Kryptonian
user1: Do you normally watch movies of that type?
user2: Year Genre Director Rating2016 SuperHero Zack Snyder 1. Rotten Tomatoes: 27% and average: 4.9/102. Metacritic Score: 44/1003. CinemaScore: B
user2: Cast● Ben Affleck as Bruce Wayne / Batman● Henry Cavill as Clark Kent / Superman● Amy Adams as Lois Lane● Jesse Eisenberg as Lex Luthor● Diane Lane as Martha KentIntroductionBatman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is a 2016 American superhero film featuring the DCComics characters Batman and Superman. Directed by Zack Snyder, it is the second installment inthe DC Extended Universe (DCEU), following 2013's Man of Steel. It was written by Chris Terrioand David S. Goyer, and features an ensemble cast that includes Ben Affleck, Henry Cavill, AmyAdams, Jesse Eisenberg, Diane Lane, Laurence Fishburne, Jeremy Irons, Holly Hunter, and GalGadot. Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is the first live-action film to feature Batman and
user1: I think I'll stick to Iron Man hahahaha
user2: Superman together, as well as the first live-action cinematic portrayal of Wonder Woman. In thefilm, criminal mastermind Lex Luthor (Eisenberg) manipulates Batman (Affleck) into a preemptivebattle with Superman (Cavill), whom Luthor is obsessed with defeating.Critical Response● “153 minutes of a grown man whacking two dolls together, has the definition of 'movie'changed from 'motion picture story that a human wrote on purpose' to '700 onlytangentially related 12-second grey and red vignettes’?”● "The point of Batman v Superman isn't fun, and it isn't thinking, either. It's obedience. Thetheology is invoked ... to buttress a spectacle of power. And in that way the film serves asa metaphor for its own aspirations. The corporations that produce movies like this one, andthe ambitious hacks who sign up to make them, have no evident motive beyond their ownaggrandizement."● “better than Man of Steel but below the high bar set by Nolan's Dark Knight”● "As the film progresses, Lex degenerates into a gibbering mad man, some strange mix ofthe Riddler and the Joker with a little bit of Mark Zuckerberg added for flair."
user2: That's the document in full.
user1: Thank you!
user2: Yes, Iron Man is better.
user1: Have a great day!
user2: Same

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: Hello!
user1: Hi, did You see any good movies recently ?
user2: Have you seen this movie?
user1: what movie ?
user1: I dont see the title
user2: Yes I have, sorry, I forgot to mention, I am talking about Batman vs Superman.
user1: aah... yes. I saw it. Do You ?
user1: *did
user2: It is a 2016 American superhero film that was not really well seen by the public.
user2: Yes, me too
user1: I wonder why ?
user2: Do you like movies of the sci-fi genre?
user1: Yeah, I think those and horror movies are my favorites ;)
user2: Critics say that the acting wasn't really good and also the plot was horrible
user1: ...well that was Ben Affleck we're talking about... :)
user2: I liked some parts of it though. Like the one when Superman (Clark Kent) seeks to expose who Batman really is.
user1: yeah that was ok, but... I mean, how can a SUPERMAN fight Batman...
user2: Yeah, I agree, Ben Affleck did not rise up to the standard of Christian Bale.
user1: I agree. Christian Bale was so much better !
user2: So do you agree with the rating of the movie?
user1: I mean  I did liked it, it's just the fight was no silly... Superman would kill him with a single blow... and Lex Luthor sucked... 
user2: Also, there are some scenes I really didn't like. Like the one where they jump to violence immediately even though Superman tried to explain the situation to Batman,
user2: I agree, Jesse Eisenberg did not play a good Lex Luthor.
user1: Yeah, I guess they had to create some conflict... 
user1: Yeah ! he was way to young to play Lex...
user2: Do you generally watch movies only with good rating or you don't really look after this?
user1: Mr. Luthor was much older in comic books :)
user1: naah, I watch all the movies that the plot I find interesting
user1: I don't trust the rating :)
user1: do You ?
user2: I think the final part of the movie was pretty sad. Just to see Superman die like that, it seemed improbable.
user1: sure, but they revive him in Justice League so it's ok :)
user2: I check the rating on some websites yeah, or I try to at least get a second opinion from something or someone
user2: Yeah, that's true as well
user1: I never trust the ratings or opinions. I have to see a movie from my point of view
user2: Interesting point.
user2: What did you think about Amy Adams as Lois Lane?
user1: I like the actress, but she looks nothing like Lois Land from comic books...
user2: Exactly what I was thinking.
user1: or any tv shows/movies
user1: I did like the new bat suit :)
user2: The critical response was very bad as I mentioned,
user1: I disagree. it wasn't so bad :)
user2: Yeah, the CGI was really improved, on all levels
user2: I think we are done right?
user1: yes ! I'm glad somebody looks at CGIs :)
user1: I think so :)
user2: Okay then, goodbye!
user1: nice talking to You :)
user1: bb

conversation:
user1: Hello.
user2: Hi :)
user1: Do you like Ben Affleck?
user2: Not particularly, no. He is a little generic, but not terrible. How about you?
user1: I liked Good Will Hunting and this other movie about him other dudes in a small New England town.
user1: I don't think he's Batman.
user2: Oh! You know, I did like that movie, and he was pretty good in that. Yeah, I agree with you.I thought Christian Bale and Michael Keaton were a little bit better as Batman/Bruce Wayne.
user1: Def Christian Bale.
user2: Ben Affleck struck me more as Superman than Batman. Yep, Bale was a great Batman.
user1: Interesting.
user2: He has that dark edge that makes him feel like a tormented Batman.
user2: Are you a Batman fan?
user1: And the Nolan movies were fabulous.
user2: Oh those were great!
user1: Liam as a bad guy. Yeah.
user2: Yeah, definitely. He really pulled it off spectacularly.
user1: I think we have to talk about THIS movie. 
user1: Wouldn't Superman, like, always win?\
user2: Guess it depends on the fight :) If Batman had Kryptonite cufflinks, he'd be all set.
user2: I really liked the action and fight sequences in this movie.
user1: And your plot is going to suffer bec you have to write something that is so evidently there just so Batman has a chance
user1: too MANY superhero movies around
user2: Honestly, I like Superman less than Batman so I'll always give him the win. Yeah, there are a lot of them right now.
user1: They say Black Panther is supposed to rock
user2: Batman vs. Superman seemed like kind of an obvious pairing. 
user2: I heard that - looks good from the previews.
user1: I like Daredevil
user2: Never saw Daredevil - who's in that?
user1: some dude.
user1: I mean the show. Must see.
user2: Ah, I'll have to add it to my list.
user2: Bye, I guess.

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: Hello there
user1: The movie is Batman VS Superman
user1: Have you seen it?'
user2: No I haven't. I am a fan of Batman though
user2: What is it about
user1: He is pretty awesome
user1: Its about superman coiming back to life and having to face batman while they are both in a state of confusion
user1: it got some bad ratings but i thought it was decent
user1: Lots of special affects
user2: Well that sounds interesting. How does Superman come back to life?
user2: And a state of confusion? What are they confused about?
user1: They use some craszy other wordly power and they are confused on each others motives
user1: i dont want to say much more as to not spoil it
user2: Sounds like something I need to watch
user1: Its 153 minutes long
user1: and there is some good comedy in it
user2: That's a long movie!
user1: Yup
user2: I like comedy. I believe a serious movie needs some laughs in it.
user1: Ill say this about it... they bring kryptonite back in the mix
user1: I agree
user1: IM not sure if i like the actor that plays superman
user1: his name is Henry Canill
user2: Oh boy. 
user1: He has a face that shows no distinct characteristics 
user1: too normal
user2: Really? 
user1: Yes its a weird outlook....but yea
user1: Do you generally like marvel films?
user2: How does that work? 
user1: Its just a genre of comicbook movies
user1: This movie has an antagonists that theratens humanity... do you like movies like that?
user1: threatens*

conversation:
user1: You should see Batman v Superman Dawn of Justice. It is a Zack Snyder film where Batman and Superman fight. Does that sound interesting to you?
user2: It does! Are you more a Batman fan or a Superman fan?
user1: I'm more of a Batman fan and I'm intereted in Howw Ben Affleck plays the charater. However Superman is col and they also have his nemesis Lex Luthor.
user2: I like Superman if I have to choose. Batman is always so sad and brooding.Is the fight pretty intense?
user1: It sounds like it. The movie also has the first appearance of Gal Gadot as Wonderwoman
user2: Ohhhh! Wonder Woman! Do you think she could beat either Superman or Batman?
user1: I think she has a good chance. It has better reviews than the Man of Steel.
user2: So do both characters survive the fight? I heard it gets pretty brutal.
user1: One review says its 153 minutes of grown men whacking each other. olo
user2: Oh my! That is funny. I guess if you like grown men fighting, this is the movie to watch!
user1: I like how it continues with the characters with the man of steel movie. Amy Adams as Lois Lane and Lawrence Fishburne and Diane Lane as Martha Kent.
user2: Would I need to watch Man of Steel in order to understand this movie? Or does it stand on its own?
user1: It pretty much stands on its own. It takes place 1 1/2 years after Superman's fight with Zod. Bruce Wayne believes Superman is a threat to humanity
user2: This sounds interesting. Though why anyone would think Superman is the bad guy is crazy to me.
user1: I know. But Clark Kent begins writing article about Batman being a vigilante and being bad for Gotham. So there is tension between them.
user2: That makes sense. Silly men. Just work together and get the ego out of the way!
user1: Lol. The you have Lex Luthor in the mix trying to get access to kryptonite to deter future Kryptonian threats aka Superman
user2: Oh dear. IS this Lex bald like the old Lex version in the movies?
user1: I don't think so . He is played by Jessie Eisenberg. But Lex kidnaps Martha Kent and tells superman that he has to Kill Batman to save her. Superman try to tell Batman this but he doesn't listen and fifghts superman because he is a thraet to humanity.
user2: See? Egos! Let the old lady die so we can prove a point.
user1: Lol. Actually batman get the upper hand in the battle and is about to kill superman. Superman says "Save Martha" Batman says "What" because his dead Mom's name is Martha. Lois swoops in an explains Superman meant his mother Martha was in danger. Batman agrees to save Martha and tell superman to go after Lex.
user2: Whoa! Both their mothers are named Martha? That is crazy!Sounds like I need to watch the movie.
user1: Batman does save Martha. Unfortunately Superman dies but Luthor goes to jail
user2: Oh man! A world without Superman? How terrible!
user1: It's kind of a sad movie. Because they have Clark Kent's funeral with Bruce Wayne and Diana Prince there. Lois gets an envelope from Martha which has an engagement ring that Clark was going to give her. They go to Clark's funeral and dirt is placed on his coffin. The  .  .   .
user2: AAAACK! The cliff hanger!
user1: Yeah Bruce tells Diana that he failed Superman. Th?ey leave and the dirt over Clark's coffin levitates in mid-air. It's a good movie that got positive reviews. Will you see it
user2: Yes! It sounds like a great movie!
user1: I think it is. Take care

conversation:
user2: HI
user1: morning
user1: hows your day
user2: good
user2: and yours
user1: its good
user1: So have you seen batman v superman?
user2: no i have not
user2: is it good
user1: I think its objective 
user2: lol so i heard
user1: Not sure where DC got there writers from
user1: Because the plots are bland
user2: lol
user1: I did enjoy this compared to justice league
user2: does batman have a good actor
user1: That was a joke
user1: No
user1: We should of learned putting ben afflack in a superhero movie
user1: from that movie daredevil
user2: haha 
user1: Henry Cavil was good
user1: But the last movie
user1: Jesus christ that movie sucked
user2: i it was that bad
user1: Im sorry I know we are supposed to talk about this one
user1: but that movie was so much crap
user1: The CGI was horrid
user2: lol it does not matter to me
user2: that is not shocking
user1: I mean compared to this movie... 
user1: This movie is way better
user2: ok
user1: And that's not saying much
user2: how was the rotten tomatos rating
user1: This movie scored a wopping 27 percent on rotten tomoto
user2: wow
user1: Yeah
user1: Its one of those watch it once and walk away
user1: and speaking of walking away
user2: it looks like we talk enough
user1: our chat is done
user2: thamks
user1: have a good weekend
user2: you too

conversation:
user2: Have you seen this movie?
user1: yes, have you?
user1: what did you think?
user2: No, I heard it was terrible so I didn't waste the time. What did you think?
user1: It's true that it was terrible!  Just a terrible script that seemed hastily written.
user2: That's a pity, it had a lot of good actors :( I guess they spent so much money on star power they forgot about story
user1: Yeah, the only part I liked was the addition of Gal Gaidot as Wonder Woman
user1: I wonder how some of these idiotic scripts get greenlighted?  So many of us could fix the problems in these scripts ... why don't they?
user2: She deserved a much bigger role from what I hear. Having Affleck as batman was a waste, I can't see him as Batman
user1: He was terrible in my opinion.  A really strange choice to play Batman.
user2: Did he at least have cool gadgets?
user1: Not really.  Just the same old cliched stuff.  The only idea of the movie was a good one and could have been done so much better.
user2: Do the main characters ever sit down and talk to each other before they decide to destroy each other?
user1: have you seen other batman movies?
user2: I've seen Justice League, as well as the ones with a different actor as Batman. You?
user1: no, lex luther tricks them into fighting before they have a chance to talk lol
user1: last one i saw was with michael keaton as batman - i'm not really into these types of movies
user2: They're so popular nowadays, it seems there's a new one every month
user2: I wish they'd dont something more with Lois Lane. Update her story or SOMETHING.
user1: yeah, maybe if they made fewer of them and spent more time on the scripts they'd do better.  
user1: that's a great idea.  she is always so one dimensional 
user1: doing more with the female characters seems like a good move.  wonder woman was a really good movie.
user2: I agree, it's one of my favorites
user2: DC really needs to take a lesson from Marvel in that. Maybe don't make Lane a sperhero, but at least let her negotiate the characters out of trouble
user2: The scenes document make it seem like she could have
user1: awesome idea!  can i use your idea to write a script? lol
user2: DO IT
user2: Superman needs to update or he'll get left behind
user1: it's a genius idea!  
user2: Lane gets together with Wonder Woman and forms the Alien Observation Squad, and they send the guys out to do the grunt work
user1: I'll dedicate the script to User 2 in the Amazon Turk study chat room 
user1: love it!
user2: User two, and all the fans who had to watch the abomination of Batman vs. Superman
user1: Alien Observation Swuad is good.  Maybe YOU should write it!

conversation:
user1: Hi, what movie will we be talking about?
user2: Hi! Batman vs. Superman
user1: Have you watched it?
user1: Are you there?

conversation:
user1: Hi
user1: Batman v Superman was a trainwreck of movie
user1: Did you like it?
user2: Hi ... yes, I liked it a lot
user1: Really
user1: what did you like about it
user2: although Rotten Tomatoes did not seem like that
user1: I thought the casting was pretty good
user2: I feel that the cast was the right one, and Ben is the best batman I've seen since Adam West
user1: Well rotten tomatoes doesn't have an agenda all they do is aggregate critical reviews. Critics didn't like it
user1: The direction was a miss and the script was really uneven
user1: There were moments I really wanted the film to work, but it just didnt have any pacing or focus The scenes ripped straight from Dark Knight Returns comic book were good
user2: Yes, I feel that it was good, but it had many empty arguments, the direction of Zack Snyder was not the best
user1: but only if you had the benefit of reading the book for context
user1: I had high hopes for it. I love DC comics but the movies have been really weak.
user1: Batman V Superman is no exception
user2: If you're right, the only thing I rescue is Ben Affleck ... the worst thing for me was lex, for a second I thought it was the joker.
user1: Yea that was just terrible direction
user1: I think Zack snyder was just mad they didnt let him use the actual joker for his movie
user1: so he just made lex luthor the joker which is terrible because they are literally polar opposites as characters.
user1: And transforming Zod into Doomsday was just a waste of both charaters
user2: Exactly, I've always known that you have to know how to accept comics in movies, but that lex crearaa doomsday does not seem right
user1: Yea I mean Doomsday has never been about backstory but of all things hes supposed to be alien.
user2: and the way in which superman has differences with batman is not the best explained, it's almost for no reason
user1: Lex creates Bizaro in some stories
user2: for a few seconds I thought it would be bizarre when Zod was transforming, but of course the trailer knew that it could not be
user1: Yea which was a shame
user1: For me Batman v Superman was just a story of missed opportunities. Which is why I really didn't like it. 
user1: For me it felt like it was directed by somebody who hated all the characters it was based on.
user2: And what do you think of "Marta" ?? for me that was the worst argument in the movie
user1: Ugh Hated it
user1: such a thin reason for him to suddenly have a change of heart
user2: the best friends after "Martha", he forgot that he destroyed cities and could be a danger to humanity hahaha
user1: real weak
user1: I wanted this movie to work so bad
user2: enjoy the fights, the batman vs superman was something epic, as a fan of the comics I liked, but the story was the problem
user1: Even Batmans motivation for attacking Superman was really thin. They had to stretch the plot out alot to justify it. Lex's whole plan with turning them against each other was so bad
user1: As always Zack Snyder delivered on the visuals during the fight scenes
user1: but there was just no emotional weight behind him you didn't believe in the reason they were fighting
user1: it was just such a missed opportunity. 
user2: Another scene that I did not understand was when Lex says that aliens will come, how did he know ??? , although we saw a deleted scene that talks with Steppenwolf, but that scene did not go out worldwide
user1: Yea just another example of how the script was a mess. The whole exposition at the end just trying to set up the Justice League as well was really forced.
user1: I could have done without that interrupting the pacing of the funeral sequences.
user2: If accurate, where did they get that they called themselves metahumans? Where did Lex get the logos of each hero? LOL
user1: Yea it relies heavily on audiences prior knowledge.
user1: which I get you have to do to a certain extent
user1: but likes it runs counter to what the rest of the film is trying to say
user2: Yes, and in the end you know why the earth was raised on the coffin ???
user2: because I do not know
user1: Because thats what it looked like in the comics
user1: literally the only reason
user2: another scene without meaning, because that has nothing to do with what we saw in justice league
user1: Zack Snyder isn't a good writer he was just stealing from other writers without any idea of what he was taking and why.
user1: Overall I disliked the film, and I hope in the future we are given a better DC universe.
user2: It can be, since his other dc movies were not to my liking either
user2: Bro was a pleasure to have this talk with you, it was very entertaining as we shared the same points of view, thank you very much ... as a fan we just have to enjoy it with your problems and everything was something unique

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: Hello! Did you recently speak to me about Batman Begins
user1: No, this is my first time here. I would like to talk about Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice
user2: Ok sorry about that! I recently lost connection with another person.
user1: It is ok!
user1: What did you think about the movie?
user2: Now... what do you think about BvS? Would you recommend it?
user2: I thought it was ok by the way
user1: It depends on you. I would definitely recommend it if you like superheroe movies because as a whole it has a lot of weak spots
user2: Would you say the pros outway the cons?

conversation:
user2: Hello?
user1: Hi there!
user1: Have you seen Batman V Superman?
user2: No, I have not.
user2: What is it about?
user1: It's about the DC Comics character Batman and Superman coming together  to defeat Lex Luthor

conversation:
user1: hi
user2:  olleh
user1: Have you seen this film ?
user2: Yes, did you like it?
user1: No, I have not seen it, the reviews are not good, do you agree with them ?
user2: I was disappointed in it
user1: Did you had high hopes when you saw it ?
user2: Thought it would be more in line with Nolan's batman series
user2: Too much thrown together in a couple of hours
user1: Zac Snyder is quite different from Nolan, I don't really like his films, 
user2: What else has he done?
user1: 300, it was weird film, 
user1: I see what you mean by reading the paragraph, that is a lot of action
user2: I didn't think Eisenberg did a good Luthor either
user1: Luthor seems to have complicated plot
user1: Why there is a weapon trafficker ?
user1: Those kind of film should be simple.
user2: It just didn't seem put together well
user2: Maybe I should watch it again , sometimes I like movies better the second time
user1: Yeah it happens to me too
user2: Are you going to see it sometime?
user1: But this second paragraph is just confusing, 
user1: Maybe, but this description is not helping me linking it
user2: It is a plan of Luthor's to get Batman to kill Superman
user1: Does the film explain why Luthor does not kill Superman himself ?
user2: He puts everything in motion but isn't up to doing it himself
user2: the movie seems like it was just thrown together to be a prequel to the Justice League to come
user1: It is quite convoluted. 
user2: Justice League was a little better but also seemed like it was put together in a hurry.
user1: It seems that SuperMan is not dead after all. It is like nothing has happened after all.
user1: How do you feel about the ending ?
user2: I don't know why they kill them if they are just going to bring them back
user1: I think it is juts as complicatd as the rest of the film
user2: It fits this film I guess
user1: The critics seem harsher that the public response
user1: It was not all bad, I think
user2: I think that is normal for comic movies and action movies in general
user2: No it was not all bad , just below expectations for me
user1: Yeah you are right, what was the best part of the film ? For me it think it was the first part, it was the most intriguing. 
user2: Yeah , the first part gave the movie potential
user1: It was great talking to you have a nice day.
user2: Thank you,  you too

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hello, this movie looks pretty disappointing, don't you think?
user2: which movie ?
user1: Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. I'm looking at all the reviews and they are not positive.
user2: when did it come out?
user1: I'm pretty sure it came out in 2016. Have you seen it?
user2: not yet> have you?
user1: Yeah. It has Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, and Lex Luthor. The premise of Luthor causing Batman and Superman to fight each other seems neat enough, but from the critical reception, I wouldn't recommend it.
user2: Wow. Who is your favorite super hero?
user1: I have always liked Batman, but it sounds like this film doesn't do him justice. Ben Affleck starring as him also isn't really a high point. Did you know the others actors/actresses in the film?
user2: Right, I liked the other guy,, forgot his name. Who are the bad guys...the joker ? etc.  
user1: No Joker, but I see there was one critic who said Jesse Eisenberg's Lex Luthor acted like a combination between Joker and Riddler. I find it interesting that this film links so closely to the 'Man of Steel' film from a couple years ago. Do you know the connection?
user2: Right , I follow you . who played wonder woman?
user1: I think that would be Gal Gadot. Its funny she doensn't have such a big role in the movie. She only gets briefly mentioned whenever they are describing the plot. Does this movie sound like one you'd like to go see?
user2: I think I would like it. I really like the super heros. so I think I would like a group of them.  
user1: I did too until I saw the reviews. Its nice to see an older batman in a movie where he already has a lot of experience. He already has the contacts and the knowledge to track down Lex while he is importing kryptonite that he claims is a deterrent for superman. We all know Lex always has alternative plans though. Sounds a bit nonsensical if you ask me. Have you enjoyed Zack Snyder movies in the past? (He's the director)
user2: Becareful of the reviews. I have found some movies that were very good that were poorly reviewed.  Yes, I remember Zack. Good stuff . AS far as kryptonite goes, a superman movie without it is impossible.
user1: In that case, I may give it a try. The part where Batman and Superman meet sounds cool. Lex kidnapping Superman's mother, and trying to get Superman to kill Batman or else his mother will die. Can you guess how that turns out?
user2: Wow, I can remember supermans mother from the other movies. A super hero kidnapping . I would put my money on superman over batman. How about lois lane. is she kidnapped?
user1: Batman actually turns the tables on him and is about to kill him when Superman asks him to "Save Martha" (which happens to be the name of Batman's deceased mother). This stops batman until an unkidnapped lois lane shows up to explain how Lex has pitted them against each other. They then team up, Batman going to rescue Martha, and Superman going to confront Lex. The more I think, this movie may not be as bad as people think. What do you think?
user2: The plot sounds good. I would check it out. I like the story line you presented.  Lots of good things can happen
user1: A lot of the criticisms seem to revolve around there being a lot of senseless action and no plot. But personally, I like a good fight scene, and the plot seems good enough to be interesting. If you had to guess, what kind of rating do you think this has?
user2: I would guess an 8. But sometimes I don't trust the ratings. Do you think they ccan be manipulated?  I like action , especially with action hearos. 
user1: The score was sadly 4.9/10 on average. With such a cool ending, I don't see how that was the case. Superman ends up dying and Lex in prison, but this sets up for something even greater. Lex says the world is vulnerable to alien threats now, so what do you think Batman will do?
user2: Well. That set s up a nice sequal. I would think that batman will be able to handle the aliens. Especially with help from the others. Poor rating. I don't beleive it.
user1: Yeah, he starts planning to bring together a team of metahumans to combat this threat. Luckily, earlier in the film he saw some of Luthor's files on other metahumans that are known about. Even with Superman's death, the ending doesn't seem to be all. Superman's coffin levitates a little bit right before the movie is over. Truly the sign of a great movie if you ask me.
user2: I think they will all join forces and fight the aliens together. Do you think that might happen/?
user1: I think that's exactly what would happen. I'm glad the film closed with such a touching funeral scene with Wonder Woman, and Batman consoling Superman's mother. Just think of the emotion in the next film. After considering it, I would highly recommend this movie
user2: Yes, that is a nice ending. I think I will see it soon. The future is going to be interesting for them . I hopw the aliens come soon so I can see the next movie. Do you think they will use the same cast?
user1: Likely. I hope to see Affleck, Cavill and Gadot again. I think I could do without Eisenberg's Luthor though.
user2: Interesting. Why don't you like eisenberg as luther?
user2: great ... cya at the movies... 

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hey!
user1: Have you seen this movie?
user2: Yes, I've seen it recently and I was absolutely amazed by it. Have you?
user1: really? I'm actually not a fan.
user2: And if so, did you like it?
user2: Well, why not?
user2: I really enjoyed the cast, especially Henry Cavill as Superman and Ben Affleck as Batman,
user1: Ben Affleck will never be Batman in my eyes! lol
user2: You have a point as well, I guess. What did you think about the plot of the movie?
user1: couldn't understand it?
user1: what about you
user1: you still there?
user2: Well, after many events, Superman became a controversial figure and people started to kind of fear him. You add the vigilante part of Batman and you get yourself a battle.
user2: Also, I enjoyed the portrayal of Lex Luthor by Jesse Eisenberg.
user1: yea i just don't get why they have to battle
user1: shouldn't they be out stoping bad guys 
user1: who's lex luthor again?
user2: He is the owner of LexCorp.
user1: this isn't very good ai
user2: Do you agree with the rating of the movie?/
user1: yes, definately
user1: deserved what it got
user1: what do you think?
user2: If I think about it, I agree as well.
user1: is our chat over yet?
user1: I think we had to respond 12 tiems
user2: I still liked some scenes. Like the one where we can see Superman's internal conflict, more specific, when he is demanded by Luthor to kill Batman.
user2: Do you generally watch movies with good or bad rating?
user1: with good ratings
user1: yea i guess i forgot that part

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: hello
user2: good afternoon
user1: good afternoon 
user1: So what did you think about the paragraph?
user1: Have you seen Batman VS Superman 
user2: I didnt see the paragraph.  only you did  
user2: i havent seen the movie
user2: what is it about?
user2: you are supposed to tell me what the paragraph is about
user1: Its a movie directed by Zack Snyder with Ben Affleck playing Batman, Henry Cavill as Clark Kent 
user2: i love the idea of Ben Affleck playing Batman  
user1: They made the flim to show Batman and Superman workirng together to take down Lex Luther who is trying to destroy the world 
user2: not familiar with Henry Cavill.
user2: who plays Lex Luthor?
user2: you know Kevin Spacey played him before and i
user2: sorry
user2: I wont watch his movies anymore after he admitted to being a pedophile.
user1: Sorry i thought it sent through but Jesse Eisenberg plays Luther in this flim.  
user2: the guy from the social network and now you see me?
user1: Yes i believe thats the one
user2: I love him!!!  He's very talented a versatile.
user1: The movie has alot of bad critical responses because they compared it to Dark Knight and said that the action scenes were not made realistic for fans of superman or batman and says that they did not stick to any real things that you would see them do in older movies.
user1: So in my opinion i would say if your a long time fan of superman or batman this would not be an ideal movie for you.
user2: but the older movies are so cheesy.  batman begins was amazing.  i didnt like the old superman with christopher reeve  and michael keaton was cheesy as batman  george clooney christian bale and now ben affleck were/will be amazing
user2: have you seen the movie?

conversation:
user1: the critics are pretty harsh with their depictions of the movie.
user2: I liked the movie even through the critics were harsh. 
user1: I like it too, I was kind of refreshing.
user2: It has an entertaining and talented cast but I do agree with the critics that the plot is a mess.
user1: That's true but many superhero films have messy or undeveloped plots.
user2: I also thought the movie was too long. They could have cut some of the movie down so it was closer to two hours. 
user1: I think that most movies of this nature are designed to entertain and not to necessarily to be complex.  It definitely could of been shorter.
user1: I guess it all depends on what you were expecting to see.
user2: Very true, I agree. They tried to put too much into one movie. I believe the movie could have been better with two parts even. It was refreshing to see Batman back on the big screen though. 
user1: Yeah a sequel would have been cool.  Superman is definitely nostalgic.
user2: Best part of the movie for me was easily the battle between Superman and Batman. It was short but very entertaining. 
user2: I liked the fact that Batman wants to stand up against Superman because of the aftermath of his battle with Zod. It sets a good tone for the start of the movie. 
user1: Yeah.  I actually hope they do another Superman vs. Batman set in Paris or London or something.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hello what did you think about the movie
user1: I wasn't really a big fan of it.
user1: What about you?
user2: Me either.  I think the critics got it right.  
user1: Yes for sure
user1: I like batman, but I don't like how they portrayed him in this movie.
user1: And I don't really remember the superman movie.
user2: I don't like the premise of the movie from the start.   Why would anyone want to see 2 hero's fight?
user1: The two together though just wasn't a good match.
user2: Right on
user1: For real. You got that right!
user1: I just didn't see the point
user1: I couldn't get into it at all.
user1: I couldn't even finish the movie
user2: Not to mention that Ben Affleck was Bruce Wayne. What a hack.  
user1: Ha yeah! What were they thinking.
user2: And Jesse Eisenberg as Lex Luthor. What is this the Disney channel.
user1: Hahaha nice! 
user2: Lex Luthor should be someone that at least look intelligent and ominous.
user2: When Rotten Tomato gave it a 4.9/10 it was a gift.  
user1: Waste of money!
user1: That's what I was thinking. That was too high of a rating!
user2: Henry Cavill as superman is hot...in a kind of Broke Back Mountain sort of way.  
user1: HA!
user2: Did you read this Critical Response?  "As the film progresses, Lex degenerates into a gibbering mad man, some strange mix ofthe Riddler and the Joker with a little bit of Mark Zuckerberg added for flair." 
user1: I can't believe they made it over two hours long at that!
user2: Thank god we only have to endure this for 15 min
user1: Shoot the joker was actually enjoyable to watch!
user1: This movie is a shame to super heros
user2: That's the only reason it got a 4.9
user1: Should have been closer to a 2 or 3
user2: Agreed
user1: And I've never seen Man of Steel, but how could this be better!?
user2: Since the movie sucks so bad you have more time to make out.
user2: you there?

conversation:
user2: Hello, how are you?
user1: good and you?
user2: Very good, thank you for asking!
user2: Have you seen this movie before?
user1: Yeah I have seen it like 2 times
user2: Did you like i?
user2: it
user1: not really
user1: I thought it was kind of bad
user2: I see Rotten Tomatoes rated it as 27%...
user2: Hmmm...the actors are good, but I guess the story line was bad?
user1: It was just hard for poeple to follow if you didn't know anything about comics.
user1: ben was a terrible batman.
user2: Like me-clueless about super heroes and comics...
user1: it was just so random and the story was everywhere
user2: Yeah, I just don;t see Ben Affleck as batman
user2: Bad casting
user1: they could of done so much with it, but failed
user2: I think this movie would be for a very narrow audience-like comic-loving teens
user1: I think disney bought dc so we should see something good out of that.
user2: true
user2: that could be a major improvement
user1: I don't think anyone read comics anymore that much
user1: they just go to the movies, lol
user2: Not at all, it's a digital world, people have better things to entertain themselves with
user2: And this movie's scores are just pathetic...
user2: I don;t think too many people would be interested after seeing these scores
user1: I never really judge a movie on ratings, but I have to agree with them on this.
user2: people don't even go to the movies-Netflix or download it for Free!
user2: Yes, me too, I never agree with the majority but I keep hearing that this movie is pretty bad!
user1: I go to the movies about once a mouth, but other than that I am streaming what I watch.
user2: Same here, the movies cost way too much, especially if you have to bring the whole family!
user1: I just hate how much they charge for snacks
user1: way to much!
user2: bad snacks too-very unhealthy!

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: hello, have you watched the movie Batman vs. Superman? 
user2: I haven't.. What is the genre of that film?
user1: It's a superhero film, directed by Zack Snyder
user2: Interesting... Who are the actors stars in this film?
user1: It stars Ben Affleck as Batman, Henry Cavill as Clark Kent and Jesse Eisenburg as Lex Luthor, it is the second installment of the DC Extended Universe.
user2: Wonderful! what was your favorite scene?
user1: I don't think I have a favorite scene specifically, but I loved how Lex Luthor manipulates batman into a battle with Superman

conversation:
user1: Hello
user1: You there? 
user2: The movie is Batman Vs Superman
user2: The movie is Batman Vs Superman

conversation:
user1: Hello
user1: What movie did you read about? Can you tell me a little about it?
user1: ??
user2: Hello

conversation:
user1: you should watch batman vs superman dawn of  justice
user2: What's so good about it?
user1: its the second installment in the dc extended universe Ben affleck  plays batman
user2: Oh, cool. What was the first installment again?
user1: Batman
user1: rotten tomatoes gave it a 4.9/10
user2: I heard some bad reviews about the "bad guy" character's developmentin the movie
user1: Bat v Superman is the first film to show batman and superman together
user1: its was better than man of steel
user2: This is the one where Wonder Woman makes an appearance right
user1: cinemascore gave it a B
user2: So Batman and Superman are enemies in the film correct
user1: yes wonder woman does make a appearance 
user1: Batman see Superman as a threat to humanity 
user2: Superman wants to expose Batman's vigilante anticts
user2: Lex luther wants to bring back Zod
user1: he tries to get kryptonite  from Indian ocean 
user2: cinematic B score but has been compared to  man play fighting dolls 
user1: Do you generally watch movies with (good/bad) ratings?
user1: you could check online to see more reviews
user2: lex makes out Superman to be the bad guy 
user2: to batman but Lex is the real bad guy
user1: lex luthor kidnaps lois lane and martha kent,superman adoptive mother
user2: lex wants superman to kill batman for their release 
user1: when you watch the movie check out batman fighting super man and eventually subdues him 
user1: clark kent is declared dead , luthor gloats in supermans death
user2: louise gets and engagement ring in an envelope
user2: Batman wants to create a superhero team to protect from alien inverters
user1: Bruce expressive his regrets to about how he failed superman
user1: they are called metahumans
user2: sounds like an interesting plot maybe I will check it out 
user1: youll love it
user2: we can only hope

conversation:
user2: Hi! Have you seen Batman vs. Superman? 
user1: Yes, I seen it on blue ray, I did not watch in  theaters, did you?
user2: Actually, I haven't seen it. It didn't seem to have great reviews though
user2: 27% on Rotten tomatoes!
user2: Did you like it? 
user1: you did not miss mutch, that is why I waited till a friend got it and borrowed his copy, lol 
user1: it was not the best, maybe not the worst film ever 
user1: They could have done a better job of making it. Ben Affleck as Batman was funny to watch 
user2: Really? Wasn't he played Batman in the last few installments? 
user1: did he, I thought it was just this one and the one coming up 
user1: The dark knight series was another actor 
user2: Maybe you are right. I am probably think of Christian Bale. Why was Ben Affleck funny to watch? 
user1: You would not think they guy that played a bad super hero last time, try again and play another one. Plus Ben Affleck as a super serious Bruce Wayne. 
user2: Yes, you are correct. The Dark Knight series seems like the best so far. It's hard to live up to.
user1: yes it was, at least Gal Gadot made up for it 
user1: She plays a good wonder woman 
user1: Did you get to see any movies she played in, Good actress 
user2: I wonder who's idea it was to bring Batman and Superman together...seems like people were getting greedy
user2: and yes, I saw Wonder Woman. I enjoyed it
user2: How plausible is it that Batman and Superman wouldn't know of each other? 
user1: I know in the comics Batman and superman team up. 
user1: right, you would think they would 
user2: and if they did know about each other why would they be fighting against one another. 
user1: Since Superman, saves the world 
user2: the premise seems flawed
user1: lol
user1: yes it is. 
user1: I agree with that. The real telling of a story that most people have heard at least 3 or 4 times was not needed. 
user1: They could have cut out 60 min of the movie and just focused on the last part. 
user2: and HOW is Batman able to subdue Superman? He's faster than a speeding bullet!
user1: Superman does have a weakness 
user2: sure, sure
user1: Batman is not an idiot 
user2: lol
user2: I guess you stay a billionaire by being dumb
user1: lol
user2: *don't
user1: plus all those cool toys, I mean who does not love Batman 
user1: Plus the fact that he can buy what ever the hell he wants when he wants to do it 
user2: lol...sure. He's truly the only relatable super hero. No alien/mutant blood making he a super hero
user2: somewhat relatable...Not many people can relate to having billions
user1: LOL, so true 
user2: They tried to make people think superman was killed? 
user1: but you are right, at least he is human and mortal. Easier to relate 
user1: I liked one of the critical responses, 153 minutes for a grown man whacking 2 dolls together, that was at least funny to read 
user1: no
user2: is the floating dirt on Claks coffin a cliffhanger? He's not dead!
user2: that was funny
user1: I know, all the needed was to put the man in the sun light 
user2: lol
user1: No, you know he is not dead, he is superman 
user2: I wonder how much this movie cost to make...probably way more than necessary
user1: I bet it was way over priced for what they did
user2: Okay, well I think we completed the task, no? 
user1: I am sure we did 
user2: cool. nice chat!
user1: nice talking to you 
user1: have good night 

conversation:
user2: It's surprising for a movie with so many high-caliber actors/actresses to have such negative reviews
user1: The critics were not happy with it, Zack snider is a good director I don’t know what happen 
user2: Yeah, it seems like there were bad reviews on both the directing and the acting, especially with Lex Luthor
user1: lol
user1: Gal Gadot was nice, the movie could have been worse without her
user2: Yeah, it's cool that this was the first time that they showed Wonder Woman
user2: The second review is kind of ridiculous--like who cares, it's a superhero movie
user1: i agree with you
user1: its a superhero movie not a oscar nominee
user2: Do you normally care about critic's reviews when you see movies?
user1: yes, i normally read reviews and view ratings
user2: Yes, me too
user1: and you?
user1: ok
user2: This scene seems a bit confusing 
user2: It is interesting that they both are doing shady things via their alter egos
user1: this scene is like a political movie not to complex but very ridiculous for a superhero movie 
user2: Exactly
user2: It's weird that Batman would be confused by the name when he's a smart billionaire--that doesn't seem believable 
user1: and here we go again , how superman with all his powers let someone kidnap his mother
user2: Exactly
user2: I wished they would work together to defeat evil 
user1: hahaha youre right with that batman thing
user1: they seems weak minded
user2: I agree
user2: The movie portrays them as dumb when they aren't really 
user2: I like the image of the dirt levitating, that's cool
user1: yes 
user1: it was sad when he dies
user2: Yes, I felt sad at that part too
user2: It seems like they want the movie to end on a cliffhanger so they can make more movies in the series
user1: agree 
user1: we will see
user2: Yes, I suppose so
user2: Overall an exciting film
user1: i enjoy it to
user2: Yes
user2: Is the conversation over now? 
user1: i don't know
user2: I think so. Have a good day! 
user1: bye

conversation:
user1: this was a bomb movie. but ben affleck makes a bad batman.
user1: hello you there? 
user2: Oh so Ben affleck is the star in this movie? What is the name of this movie?
user2: Yes, im here.
user1: it's listed over on the left panel
user1: thename of the movie is batman vs superman
user2: Batman vs Superman?
user1: yes. do you see the pdf file on the left half of your screen? 
user2: I have never seen that film. Is it pretty good!
user1: some people didn't like it, but i liked it a lot. i like the new superman played by cavill. he's one of the best superman ever
user2: I dont have anything on the left half of my screen. I believe that's only available to you.
user1: no it's supposed to be available for you as well. that was stated clearly in the instruction. i think we hit a glitch
user2: So, like, is it a Block Buster, like one of those you add to your home collection or is it more like a one and done view?
user1: i have a copy of it as well as the original superman with cavill. i think they're worth having it
user2: dont think its a glitch. I have done these before but I believe this one is slightly modified.
user1: rotten tomatoes ranked it 27% but that's a wrong grade if you ask me 
user2: So on a scale of 1-10, where does it rate in terms of special effects?
user1: fx is top notch as with all marvel movies. 
user2: Ok so there are good Special effects, now how about the story line? Love when there is a good story line.
user1: the premise is basically that superman fighting general zod in previous movies caused a lot of damages to the city. so batman tries to rein superman in. bruce wayne thinks of superman as the danger to humanity
user2: Whoa! That is an interesting story line. I have always considered both batman and superman to be good guys who could team up together but here it sounds like thats not the case.
user2: So are they actually at odds in this movie?
user1: they're both manipulated by lex luthor. and lex luthor gets his hands on semk kryptonite and makes a spear to kill superman
user2: Get outta here!!  A Kryponite spear!!!  I cant take it anymore !! Kryptonite is the one thing that can hurt Superman..
user2: Never put anything past Lex Luther. He is a first class villan !!
user1: yep. and then they both fight some alien monster and the monster kills superman by putting a stake through his heart. 
user2: OMG !!!   Superman dies.... I m so tempted to see this film... 
user1: you should. they actually bury him and had a funeral and everything. but movies ends with dirt above the coffin levitating, suggesting superman isn't really dead. and he comes back in the justice league. the story line is kind of everywhere to be honest. but that's why i like it. 
user2: What can you tell me about... Are there any cliff hangers or sudden twist that you didn't see coming?
user1: nah. it's pretty predictable. the alien monster was kinda odd. i really don't recall how that got there. lol
user2: A funeral.... Im about to jump off my bed...
user1: oh, wonder woman makes a cameo appearance during the fight against the alien monster. and she's a main character in the justice league that came out last year. 
user2: Wonder Woman !!! Oooh Snap.....   That's it, I think i have heard all I need too...
user2: Thanks!!
user1: oh and then after the funeral superman's mom give lois an engagement ring superman bought.

conversation:
user1: Hey!
user2: Hello, good afternoon!
user1: Same to you! Have you had time to read?
user2: Yes.  Nothing like a combination of old superheroes to bring back childhood memories.
user1: haha so what superhero movie are we talking about
user2: Batman vs Superman: Dawn of Justice.  It also has Wonder Woman.  It is directed by Zack Snyder.
user1: That sounds cool, but batman VS superman? I thought they would be on the same side
user1: Also is it action, or comedy or what?
user2: You would think, but Lex Luther manipulates Batman into a battle against Superman.  
user1: So Lex Luther is the villian?
user1: Who plays Batman and Superman?
user2: Yes, and he is somehow able to make Batman believe that Superman is bad.  I think it is a cool idea, but it was not well liked by critics.
user1: Yeah sounds kind of crazy!
user2: Batman is played by Ben Affleck. Superman is Henry Cavill
user1: I love Ben Affleck! Must have been really poorly written because critics ususally love him!
user1: How long is it?
user2: It is about 2 hours
user1: Ok pretty typical.
user1: What is wonder womans role in the movie?
user2: Fans rated it 4.9 out of 5 stars so who knows
user1: Oh that is more promising!!
user2: I think Wonderwoman helps Batman do his work
user1: against superman?
user2: The movie is actually over 3 hours.  I am not sure if she has anything to do with that. I think she fights Lex
user1: Oh wow that is a long one!
user1: Is it the same actress from the wonder woman movie?
user2: Sometimes these combinations can get jumbled up
user1: Yeah that makes sense
user1: So who wins then?
user2: It looks like the winner in the end would be Batman, but there is so much information to read that I am not sure
user1: Poor superman
user1: I thought he was like invincible 
user2: Lex creates this outer space villan who attacks earth
user1: Are they from where superman is?
user2: Lex made him from where Superman is from
user1: well thanks for telling me about the movie!
user2: Your welcome

conversation:
user1: What is the movie you read about?
user2: hello ... it's batman vs superman
user1: I haven't seen that one. Have you?
user2: Yes I have seen it
user1: I think it was quite a while ago that it came out wasn't it? Does it say who the actors are in your paragraph?
user2: of course 
user1: Can you refresh my memory? I can't remember.
user2: es del 2016 , Ben Affleck is Batman,  Henry Cavill is Superman  . Amy Adams is Lois Lane , Gal Gadot is wonder woman
user1: Thanks! I don't recall it having Wonder Woman in it. What ages do you think it is suitable for? OK for a 10 ten year old?
user2: yes, yes it was, and it's beautiful .... it's from a B classification
user1: I wasn't sure if I would enjoy it or not myself but especially my daughter. I didn't know if it was too hard for her to understand.
user1: w
user1: Where does the story take place? Is it Gotham City or somewhere else?
user2: both cities are present in the movie 
user2: the movie is 18 months after the movie of the man of steel
user1: I have to be honest it has been many years since I have seen a super hero movie. My son was never really into them and my daughter isn't that interested either. Are there any other things that would convince me to see it?
user2: ok, I understand you, because the movie according to the critics would not be the best, if you are one of those who see critics to know if watching the movie this will not be to your liking
user2: According to Rotten Tomatoes: 27%
user1: No I rarely listen to critics. I listen to regular people and even then I still make my own judgement based on advertisements and my gut I guess. It's always a matter of opinion. I did used to like the old Batman tv show as a kid and used to go see the movies back when they first came out. I definitely remember the first superman movie.
user1: Does it have a lot of dark scenes? Sometimes the darkness makes me sleepy even if the movie is action packed.
user2: Yes, the darkness is a personal signature in the films of Zack Snyder ... here Batman is already more than 20 years old I feel the vigilante of the night and it is little darker and radical with the maliantes
user1: Gotcha. That definitely helps quite a bit. 
user1: Like I said I tend to get tired in the dark. Although at home it might not be as bad. I don't guess they give away the ending in the info. you have been reading.
user2: yes, and to superman this leads him to investigate Bruce, and bruce feels that superman can be a threat to the world
user2: and there the conflict begins
user1: Interesting. I guess it would be different to see these two up against each other. I never really considered one being a threat to the world.
user1: What is Wonder Woman's role? Does she side with one or the other or stay neutral?
user2: she is neutral ..... taking advantage of this conflict appears Lex Luthor to manipulate both heroes to increase their rivalry
user1: Thanks for all of the info! You certainly do make it sound intriguing.
user2: and kidnaps the mother of clark and her loving interest Lois, to force him to face batman, his family by the head of bruce
user1: Wow. Interesting.
user1: Sounds much more complicated than what I saw on previews on tv
user2: For the fans of the comic the movie is enjoyable, although it has some empty plotlines ... because when Batman goes to kill superman, Superman tells him to save Martha (his mother) and Bruce once and change his mind. step to the superman side and they became super friends
user1: Thanks so much! I may just have to check it out!

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hello
user2: Did you  watch Batman Vs Superman : Dawn of justice
user1: No
user1: I was curious if it is any good
user1: who are the main actors
user2: Ben Affleck and Henry Cavill
user2: Ben as Berman
user2: and Henry as Superman
user1: Ok
user1: Is there a leading lady
user1: playing Louis Lane
user2: this is the best superhero movie i ever wathc so far
user2: Amy Adams
user2: is Lois  Lane
user1: Gotcha
user1: Is the plot easy to follow along to
user2: Yes it is easy but very interesting and the Photography is stunning
user2: effects are on the highest level
user1: Cool
user1: Does it have a good soundtrack
user2: yes
user1: do you need to be a comic fan to enjoy it
user2: guss who is Lex Luthor
user2: Jesse Elsenberg
user1: Oh wow. I would of thought brian cranston from breaking bad
user1: he was in the social network right?
user2: yes
user1: interesting
user1: was he believable as Lex
user2: yes and unique in his own calm way
user1: do any other comic book characters show up
user2: The movie is 153 min long and a lot of thinks happen many comic book characters show up
user2: it is a little dark
user2: movie 
user2: but in a good way
user1: cool
user1: I think I'll have to check it out

conversation:
user2: I have seen it, it was not very good.  I think you have some bad information.
user1: Its mostly forced. The movie it self has a lot of flaws with the writing 
user1: The acting seemed so forced as well. It really does no justice to the original stories in the comic universe.

conversation:
user1: What is Bruce Wayne true name?
user2: He moonlights as Batman
user1: Did you like the movie?
user2: It was ok. 
user2: But not the best Batman movie
user1: Did you know that the movie was made in 2016?
user2: Yup!
user2: Did you realize this was Wonder Woman's first appearance in a DC Comics movie?
user1: I like the Man of Steel, what did you think about the movie "The Man of Steel"?
user2: I'm not sure about that...but Do you usually like super hero movies?
user1: Yes, I did realize that was the first Wonder Woman first St appearance in a comic movie.
user1: Yes, I do.
user2: I usually don't watch many super hero movies, but I kind of like that Superman is the "bad guy" in this film
user1: I didn't realize Superman was the bad guy in that movie.
user2: Batman seems to think he was! 
user1: I used to see Superman play the good guy. Yes, you are right.
user1: I never really care for Batman, I think he is one of the weak hero.
user2: this Batman is definitely not as good as Christopher nolan's version!
user2: Do you think Luthor is a fun "bad guy?"
user1: Yes, I do. i like his roll in Batman Movies.
user2: And Jesse Eisenberg plays him well. Although I thought he was a little bit over the top at times. Do you agree?
user1: Yes, I do agree with you.
user1: Do you like these new comic movies, especially the graphics?
user2: I'm not really into comic movies. But some of the graphics can be pretty impressive. They definitly have a lot of action!
user2: Do you think Batman had major guilt about what he did to Superman?
user1: Do you like the new Superman, Henry Cavil?
user2: I think Henry Cavil does a good job...he's good at playing the "duel personality" that Superman is about. Nerd vs. Sexy Hero
user1: I don't think Batman had little guilt about what he did.
user1: Yes, I agree, he played his part well.
user2: So why do you think he gave his regrets to Superman's Mom?
user2: To make himself feel better? or just because he felt like he should?
user1: To make himself feel better.
user2: I agree.
user2: Do you feel like this movie is better than the 27% that Rotten Tomatoes has rated it?
user1: Do you remember Superman mom's name?
user2: Martha Kent
user1: I was really surprise, I was thinking Batman wasn't any match for Superman.
user2: Knowing what I knew before this movie, I would agree with you on that!
user1: I like the part when Batman and superman are facing each other.
user2: Yup, it felt like a classic "showdown!"
user1: Do you like DC movies?
user2: I'm so so about them...I see one once in a while.
user2: Do you think we will see Lex Luthor in a future DC movie?
user1: I think that we will see a lot more of him.
user2: He is a fun bad guy to watch!
user1: Yes, he is.
user1: DO you think this move was funny or more action?
user2: It had a few funny moments, but I feel like it was more about the action.
user2: Do you think Superman will come back and seek revenge?!
user1: No doubt, superman is the man of steel.
user2: Very true!
user1: That's why I was so surprise.
user1: What was your favorite part in the movies, the beginning, middle or the end?

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hi how are you?
user2: good how are you
user1: You should probably miss out on Batman Vs Superman, critically it's being slammed for not being a fun movie...
user2: who is in it?
user1: It's got Ben Affleck, Henry Cavill, Amy Adams, Jesse Eisenberg, and Diane Lane as the main cast.
user2: what is it about?
user1: Well, it's a superhero story, featuring the DC lineup. It's the first meeting of Batman and Superman, and they end up having a battle with each other.
user2: oh okay, is there a lot of violence?
user1: Well, there's supposed to be a battle between the 2 heroes, but other than that, I can't say for certain.
user2: it sounds good, is there a love story between super man and lois lane?
user1: It doesn't appear that there is, at least, the main focus is between bruce wayne and clark kent, and the villian lex luthor .
user2: good to know, does anyone important die?
user1: I'm not entirely sure
user2: okay well i think i know enough about the movie now
user1: Yeah, there isn't much more to be said without spoiling the whole thing
user2: i will probably see it anyways, have to see all the comic movies these days!
user1: There are some cool scenes when superman fights with batman, but the dialogue is pretty lame when the fight concludes
user1: still, it's worth seeing if you're a fan of comic book movies
user2: yeah i don't love affleck as batman, but i've heard he did okay
user2: i'm gonna see justice league later today so maybe that will put me in the mood
user1: Yeah, there aren't any real critiques about his performance...i think it's the runtime that makes this movie a tough one to suggest; it's about two and a half hours long
user2: oh wow that is pretty long
user2: i might fall asleep!
user2: i swear we've had 12 replies by now
user1: I think so too
user2: hmmmm what else about the movie........ 
user1: what else can we talk about without breaking the rules....
user1: this probably breaks them lol
user2: can we talk about a different movie? or has to be that one
user2: lol
user2: there!
user2: bye :)

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: hi
user2: Do you like superhero movies?
user1: I like most superhero movies. They can be a lot of fun.
user1: Which superhero is this movie about?
user2: Then you should definitely watch Batman vs Superman, if you haven't already.
user2: or watch it again 
user1: I've heard some really mixed reviews about it. Who are the lead actors again?
user2: Ben Affleck plays Batman and Henry Cavill plays Superman
user2: Amy Adams, Jesse Eisenberg and Diane Lane are also in it

conversation:
user1: hello ?
user2: Did you see Batman vs Superman?
user1: yes I did - I quite liked it
user2: I didn't see it. I can't imagine Jesse Eisenberg would be a decent bad guy. Did you see him in Social Network?
user1: I was surprised Superman didn't kill Batman with a single blow, but it was ok.
user2: I would think Superman would have an easy fight against Batman. 
user1: I did see him in social Network, but this didn't make sense - Lex Luthor was much older than that
user2: That's what I thought. Was Ben Affleck a good choice for Batman in this movie?
user1: well he was a little similar to Bruce Wayne ( body like )  but I just don't see him quite in this role...  not sure why - it doesn't sit right with me :)
user2: I really can't see him as Batman either. 
user1: I mean he HAD to use Kryptonite to fight superman, but still... that's the guy who can turn the entire planet to turn back time ;)
user1: I still liked the Dark Knight better with Christian Bale...
user2: Right, Batman's skills just don't stack up to Superman. Who is Zod? I've never heard of him before. 
user1: Zod was the guy Superman fought in a previous part ( alien )
user2: That makes sense. I guess I need to brush up on my comic book knowledge. 
user1: naah, I didn't remember him from comics either - and I had a lot of them ;)
user2: I don't understand why Superman would see Batman as a threat to humanity. Did they make Batman the bad guy in this movie?
user1: no it had something to do with Superman being and acting like a god. Plus some people were really acting like he is one.
user2: It looks like Lex Luthor totally plays them against each other. Is that the way you saw it?
user1: it was kind of silly... two good characters fighting with each other instead of talking it over ;)
user2: That's what I'm thinking as I'm reading these scene summaries. It looks like they both finally come to their senses.
user1: Lex did whisper some words to Bruce about Superman, yes, but I didn't see it as a major cause - I mean Bruce Wayne has his own mind
user2: Exactly what I was thinking. 
user2: Oh no, does Superman end up dying? 
user1: yes sir :) but they revive him in Justice League :)
user2: Oh that's good to know. And he didn't even have time to finally propose to Lois Lane?
user1: You mean in Batman vs Superman ?
user2: Oh, I'm seeing now that the dirt on top of his coffin moves. So he's not really dead?
user2: Right, in Batman vs. Superman. 
user1: I don't think he propose to Lois - I don't remember that
user2: I just realized that this got horrible reviews on Rotten Tomatoes. 27%. Do you think it was that bad? 
user1: He's dead alright, they had to take huge risk to revive him in JL.
user2: I need to see the Justice League movie, it sounds like it is much better than this one. 
user1: meeh... it was allright ;)  

conversation:
user1: Hi, so did you see the movie in the theater or  did you wait until it was released?
user2: I saw it in the theater.
user2: Have you seen it yet?
user1: I did.  At first I was a bit apprehensive about seeing it, but I really enjoyed it.
user1: The film was batman begins correct?
user2: No it was Batman vs Superman
user1: Ah yes, I did see it in theaters too.  Did you ever read the comic or the animated film before seeing it?
user2: No. But I had high hopes for it. I really liked, for the most part, Man of Steel. I was only really worried about Ben Affleck.
user1: I think after Christopher Nolan's Batman, people really had high hopes for the next actor playing Batman.  I thought it did a good job tying the two into the story, but it kind of left some unanswered questions that they should have addressed.  
user1: Despite what critics said, I think he did a good job playing Batman
user2: Yeah I didn't really care for the movie as a whole. But I thought Gal Gadot was perfect as Wonderwoman and the best part of the movie followed closely by Affleck.
user2: What did you think of Lex Luthor?
user1: I agree, I felt the fight between the two was so hyped up, but kind of fell short.  It was nice seeing another super hero make a cameo in it though.  
user1: I really liked Jesse Eisenberg  playing Lex Luthor, he played a convincing crazy person.
user1: Do you think that Ben Affleck will continue playing batman in other future films>
user2: I hope he does. I need to see him in a stand alone movie. I know he can do the part. It's just a matter of getting a good story. Something that he can work with and hopefully something we haven't seen before.
user2: I like the idea of an older world weary Batman.
user1: I agree, I am curious to see who he would go against in a stand alone movie.  I would like them to kind of focus on that suit with the haha all over it and kind of see what happened.  
user1: Did you feel like the actor who played superman did a good job?
user2: I like him as superman. He looks the part for me. I just don't like him having this moody, darkness to him. That's supposed to be Batman's personality. Superman was always more positive. At least the Superman I've known
user1: Agreed, I think the actor did  good job.  He acted mellow and seemed positive despite his past.  I liked how batman was almost opposite in the sense of his attitude and the way he handled bad guys ie branding someone with the bat symbol.
user2: What did you think of Wonderwoman?
user1: It was unique, they do too many films during world war I.  Seeing that was refreshing, what did you think?
user2: I really liked her. Made me excited for her movie.
user1: Did you see Justice League?
user2: I did. Didn't really care for it. Had a few good parts.
user1: That is disappointing, I thought it would have been better. I have yet to see it!
user2: It got me excited for an Aquaman movie and a Flash movie though.
user1: And are those being released before the next batman?
user2: I don't know. Since Justice league didn't really make the money they were hoping it would I'm not sure what their plans are now.
user1: I will have to check it out.  It looks like the conversation is finished, thank you for the conversation.
user2: Thank you

conversation:
user1: Hi! How are you doing today?
user2: I'm great, and yourself?
user1: Great! Have you seen Batman vs. Superman?
user2: Yes I did! Did you see it in the theater or on demand/dvd/blu ray?
user1: DVD, what did you think?
user2: I saw it in the theater, I had high expectation for it, but I was a bit unsure since it was a new batman cast.  Did you read the comic or watch the cartoon?
user1: I did! Loved the comic but was very disappointed by the movie. Seems consistent with what the reviews of the movie are. Do you agree?
user2: I agree, they really hyped it up to be a huge fight and I thought it was anti climactic.  On the upside, they had some great acting, but it still will never be on par with Christopher Nolan's trilogy
user1: Never, although I do love Amy Adams. I found Lex's character pretty awful.
user2: She was pretty good as usual.  I actually liked Jesse Eisenberg as Lex Luthor it was a fresh character.
user1: What was your favorite scene?
user2: Asides from the ending?  I would say the scene with the batmobile it was interesting to see how Zack Snyder envisioned that.
user2: what about yours?
user1: I did enjoy the conflict between Batman and Superman and seeing them try to ruin eachother. 
user2: That was a great scene too, I felt as if it could have definitely lasted longer though since the whole film was basically centered around the two fighting. It will be interesting to see how they do another batman film.
user1: Do you think taht they will?
user2: It seems like they left it open for debate there were a few things I think fans questioned like what the story was with the bat suit covered in haha spray paint
user1: Fair point. I also really enjoyed watchign Batman realize that he was so far gone. 
user2: Yeah, Ben Affleck did a good job portraying an older batman who was willing to push the envelope?  Didnt he kill or come close to killing several people in the movie?
user1: Yeah, very close. But he did redeem himself by rescuing Martha. 
user2: Yeah i suppose that was his get out of jail free card. I also liked how he branded people, it was a huge step away from the previous batman's.  By far, it is on the same level as batman and robin, I was pretty bummed.
user1: Do you typically like Superhero movies?
user2: Usually. I prefer the DC over Marvel though since they are a bit more realistic.
user1: That's fair. 
user1: WHat did you think of the scene where Batman grieving over Superman's death?
user2: They almost set it up for a sequel, everyone knows you can't kill a major super hero off like that and just end it like that.  And the end scene with Lex Luthor in jail, theres no way it ends like that, he needs his revenge on super man.
user2: What did you think of them having Zod appear again?
user2: Michael Shannon did a great job playing Zod in Man of Steel.  I really enjoyed the comic, it was well written and the story was unique.  It really addressed something a lot of DC fans wanted to know who would win? Batman or Superman.  The execution of the movie was poor though, it was a bit too drawn out and the fight scene could have been a lot better.  What didn't you like about the movie?
user1: I just thought that overal, it wasn't great. I agreed with the review that gave it a 4.9/10. 

conversation:
user2: Hello, how are you?
user1: I am good, thank you. And what about you?
user2: I'm doing great thanks. So, what do you think of the movie?
user1: Well, to be honest, I do not really like Ben Affleck.
user2: Haha, honesty is the best policy. I don't mind him. I do hate him as batman though.
user1: But nonetheless the movie was good.
user1: Yes, I do agree.
user2: I thought it was better than people gave it credit for. Like, people really hated this movie.
user1: Yes, I do agree with you.What in particular did you like about the movie?
user2: Well, it was just kind of fun right? It's a superhero movie. I never expected much from it, so the fight scenes and getting to see batman in some crazy suit was pretty fun for me. What about you?
user1: Yes. I am not really a superman fan, I do like  Batman more.
user1: But not Ben Affleck.
user2: Same here, I find superman pretty boring. Batman is way more interesting. 
user2: Yea Affleck was such a weird choice wasn't he?/
user2: So was Lex Luthor. He was so quirky. That was a strange casting direction
user1: Yes, I definitely agree, he is spoiled and rich, but he is not a super hero.
user2: Hahaha yea I'm with you there.
user1: The same here .
user2: The movie got rated so low on Rotten Tomatoes
user2: Either way, there's going to be a lot more I'm sure. 
user1: Yes, Affleck to blame. Haha
user1: Do you happen to know anything about the director of this movie?
user2: Nothing aside from his name. I think saw him on a comicon panel on youtube. 
user2: He seemed like an ok guy. But I don't know what else he has directed.
user1: Ok. Thank you, the same thing here.
user2: Do you like Henry Cavil, the actor that played superman?
user1: What year was that?
user2: He played superman in this movie
user2: The new superman
user1: Oh my God. Feel stupid. I am sorry for incompetence.
user1: Not really. Just some muscle guy.
user2: Hahah no, it's fine. I didn't know his name either, I just read it.
user2: Yea, so generic.
user2: Well, it's been fun talking to you! Our task is done, so I'll talk to you again next time.
user1: Thank you. Have a great weekend.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hi there
user2: Let me read the document first. 
user1: sounds good
user2: The title of the movie is Batman vs Superman released in 2016.
user1: oh cool, i have not seen that one
user1: why would superheros be fighting?
user2: It received a low rating of 27% on Rotten Tomatoes
user1: yikes thats really bad
user2: I had no idea but I wouldn't recommend you to watch this movie because of its low rating.
user2: Let's move on to scene 1
user1: ok
user2: After some months of fighting between Superman and General Zod, Bruce Wayne also known as Batman comes into view. 
user2: I guess this movie is some mixtures of Superman and Batman having some actions.
user1: I am so disappointed that it got such a bad review because I like each of those superheros separatly
user2: Bruce Wayne (Batman) sees Superman as a threat to humanity. Interesting...
user1: Oh that is interesting! Does it say why>
user2: So I guess Batman doesn't like Superman.
user1: haha makes sense
user2: Scene 1 doesn't say much 
user2: Scene 2
user2: This man named Luthor kidnaps Clark's (I think that's Superman) adoptive mother to bring Superman out of exile.
user2: He tries to bring distrust between Batman and Superman... 
user1: Oh no, I hate when they use family as bait
user1: to make them  fight?
user2: So Batman and Superman got into a fists fight. Correct.
user1: who wins?
user2: Superman tries to explain to Batman and later on Batman kind of found out the truth.. scene 2 doesn't say who won 
user2: Scene 3
user2: Luthor (bad actor) is arrested and Batman actually confronts him in prison. Batman threats Luthor and Luthor said Superman's death made the world vulnerable to powerful alien threats. So Superman actually died in this movie.
user1: wait luthor is the villian and a bad actor or is just the villian
user2: However, Batman made a promise to protect the world even though Superman died. 
user2: Luthor is the villain
user1: I cant believe superman died!
user1: thanks for telling me about the movie!
user2: I know right

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hello
user2: how are you doing
user1: What is the name of the movie? Can't complain you?
user2: Batman vs Superman
user1: Oh geez.
user2: i am doing good
user2: have you watched the movie
user1: Ok. who are these 2 people mentioned in the movie?
user1: I have.
user2: 2 characters played by Ben Affleck and Henry Cavill
user2: I somehow did not enjoy this movie that much
user1: And why are they fighting?
user2: Batman thinks that Superman is the reason for lot of damages and he thinks otherwise
user1: And superman is just playing defensively or does he not like batman either?
user2: both dont like each other
user1: Do they fight until the bitter end or is there more to the story?
user2: until the bitter end and it leads to the death of superman...
user1: i see. How does he die?
user2: They try to join hands to defeat the villain but one has to take the final step and give up life and superman does it
user1: interesting. Villian? I thought it was just the 2 of them.
user1: what villian?
user2: i dont remember fully but i believe it was //lex Luthor who acted as  the villian
user1: who is that?
user2: Jesse Eisenberg played that role
user1: ok. Anything else that would catch my attention?
user2: If u r interested in a action genre movie u would enjoy it
user1: does Lex play a major role in the movie?
user1: Are there any other superheros?
user2: yes he kinds of starts slowly but ends on  a bigger note
user2: I believe this movie introduces the wonder woman as well

conversation:
user1: Good morning! How do you feel about the 2016 movie, Batman vs Superman?
user2: hey!
user2: the movie is fantastic to you what do you think?
user2: I guess it's a little long but I could not deserve less time, do not you think?
user2: hello
user1: I loved it. Henry Cavill is my favorite actor.
user2: I can not say it's my favorite actor but if it's true that the movie is really good
user1: Do you like DC comics?
user2: No, I never liked comics but I'm a fan of all the movies! DC
user1: I really liked Man of Steel, but Dark Knight by Nolan is my favorite. 
user2: are they comics?
user1: Yes, they are Batman and Superman movies too.
user1: That movie doesn't have a good rating on Rotten Tomatoes. It must not be very popular.
user2: Man of Steel is amazing!!! i love it!
user2: Dark Knight  is not my favorite but is good!
user2: hey!
user2: well men we need finish
user2: tell me more about the movie!
user2: do you seem the justice league?
user1: Yes, I like Justice League.
user1: I wonder if it has a better rating.
user2: Did you see her at the cinema on premiere day?
user1: No I did not. Did you?
user2: yes! }
user2: I bought the ticket a week before!
user1: I don't get to the cinema often. 
user1: I like to watch movies at home.
user2: It's a shame.
user1: Why?
user2: Are you a DC fan?
user1: Yes, I am. 
user1: Are you?
user2: No, but I love movies, you should go see the movies on opening day.
user2: it is much more exciting
user1: I know. I wish I could more often.

conversation:
user2: Hi there!
user1: Hi! Have you read about the movie?
user2: Yes, I did, but I'm not sure I like Ben Affleck as Superman. What do you think?
user1: Well in the movie, Ben Affleck is Batman while Henry Cavilln is Superman. 
user2: Ha ha...sorry, that was a typo. I knew he was Batman and typed Superman.
user2: I was really surprised that the movie had such poor critical ratings. I don't usually pay much attention to critics but it is very low for a Superman/Batman movie.
user1: I agree, it is surprising it recieved poor ratings. However, in my opinion the movie was enjoyable.
user2: I liked the movie as well but I was such a fan of Christian Bale's Dark Knight, it was a hard adjustment for me. I'll get used to it, though.
user1: It can be difficult to adjust to similar movies done by different directors, but with Batman and Superman being such a widespread comic in the DC universe I don't think they'll stop making new ones anytime soon.
user1: Did you know that Dawn of justice is the first live action film to feature both Batman and Superman together? 

conversation:
user2: Hello, how are you?
user1: I am good how are you
user1: Have you seen this movie
user2: Very good, thanks for asking!
user2: Do you know the name of the movie?
user2: I can't see that information on my screen
user1: batman vs superman
user2: No, have not seen it yet, what about you?
user1: I have a few times
user1: Its okay, its not the best superhero movie but its ok
user2: What do you think about it?
user2: I don't know much about this film
user1: I think Ben affleck is good as batman which is the best part
user1: but the story is kind of medicore
user1: the editing is bad as well. The story could be good, batman fighting superman but it just doesnt work as well as it could
user2: Ben Affleck is a good actor, who plays the superman?
user1: Henry Cavill, an english actor, Hes not bad at all honestly
user2: It seems like there are too many superhero movies these days
user2: bad editing and story lines...
user1: Yeah, and I was wanting this to be good, but yeah its just a hot mess with some good things, but not a lot
user2: How is this one rated? Because usually they rate them highly and it all ends up in a big disappointment!
user1: Its 27 percent on rotten tomotoes
user2: Aww, that's not good...
user1: 44/100 on metacritic
user1: not not good at all
user2: I was considering letting my teen kid watch it but now I think they would not like it! Especially now that I know it's rated so low!
user1: Well, there is an extended cut on a certain blu ray that makes the movie way better
user2: Really?
user1: and is edited better with all of the deleted scenes, I would watch that
user1: yes
user1: its much better
user2: I might check into it

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello
user2: Have you seen this film?
user1: What is the name?
user2: Batman Vs Superman
user1: No but I am interested. Can I ask you questions?
user2: It got a very bad rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Yes you can
user1: What rating on roteen tomatoes?
user2: It got a 27 percent
user1: Who is the lead male role?
user2: It was not well liked by the critics
user2: Ben Affleck is the lead role
user1: Who is the second lead role?
user2: It came out in 016
user2: 2016
user2: Henry Cavill is Superman
user1: Is it R rated?
user2: No
user1: Is it PG-13?
user2: I think so
user1: Who directed it?
user2: Zack Snyder. 
user1: Is it a sequel?
user2: I do not know
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: no
user1: How long is it?
user2: I'm not sure
user1: Is it live action or animated?
user2: It is live action
user1: Is there a lead female role?
user2: Yes, Amy Adams is Lois Lane
user1: Ok thank you for your help

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: hi
user2: What movie are we discussing?
user1: Batman V Superman
user1: 2016 SuperHero movie by Zack Snyder
user2: Ah humanity VS superbeing
user1: yes yes
user1: 1. Rotten Tomatoes: 27% and average: 4.9/10
user2: Have you seen it?
user2: oh wow thats a lot lower than i expected
user1: 2. Metacritic Score: 44/100
user1: Yes I'm a big DC fan
user1: 3. CinemaScore: B
user2: Im a fan as well
user1: The CinemaScore isn't bad
user2: Im curious to why people didn't enjoy it
user1: I think people expect every superhero movie to know look and act like a marvel movie
user2: In my eyes marvel and DC have one thing going for them and thats repeating stories
user1: It may not be amazing but they at least are trying something different
user2: Wasnt batman vs superman already a written story in comics?
user1: Yep, superhero stories are soap operas, never ending 
user1: No really. It's heavily influenced by Frank Miller's The Dark Knight Returns
user2: I wish wonderwoman and batman got it on
user2: oh i didnt know that
user1: in which an old batman comes back and the goverment sends superman to stop him
user1: It's that with a bunch of other stories smashed together
user2: oh interesting
user2: I like the uniqueness of the story than
user1: people fault it for it's portrayal of batman as a hard-drinking, killer
user2: It is a little ridiculous to think that a man fighting superman and aliens wont kill 
user1: But you can't think of it like it's the "real" batman. It's an alternate universe.
user2: But batman is probably a catholic
user2: hah jk
user1: yes, but the comics batman doesn't kill. It's a very big thing with him.
user2: What was your favorite actor or actress in the film?
user1: who knows, he literaly beaten the god of evil before
user1: all done

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: Hello how are you?
user1: I am well. 
user1: I do not appear to have the document today.
user2: Oh ok. Have you seen Batman vs Superman yet?
user1: I think I may have seen bits and pieces of it.
user2: Ah I see. Then you probably know that Ben Affleck played Batman and Henry Cavil was superman right?
user1: I knew the Ben affleck one, but not the other one
user1: My son loves these types of movies, he is 11.
user2: Oh, yea Henry Cavil did a really good job as superman. The movie received bad reviews, but really, it was a decent movie. I'd recommend watching it all when you are bored sometime.
user2: Yea it's a great movie for children
user1: It definitely entertains them.  
user1: Did the movie end up with a winner of the 2?
user2: If you have seen the older superman movies, it actually continues off from them.
user2: I would say no, but if you were forced to pick a winner at the end, it would be Batman
user2: He really just outsmarts him over and over again.
user2: But of course, they end up teaming up in the end.
user1: Batman is the brains i guess lol
user1: I wanna say that movie came out in 2014? 
user2: lol yea, it's pretty ridiculous but batman always wins
user2: close, 2016 actually. 
user1: newer than i thought
user2: It had that guy from the social network, Jesse Esienberg as Lex Luthor
user1: i was trying to think if a sequel would be out of it
user1: was so many batman movies for a while, not so many superman, but then they made wonder woman
user2: Oh, not yet, because afterwards they went into justice league.
user2: Yea, there will be sequels to everything though I'm sure. Its hard to find anything that isn't a superhero movie these days.
user1: right! or a marvel comics type of thing
user1: oh and lets not forget star wars now lol
user2: I'm not sure what the sequel will be. In this one Lex Luthor was the bad guy, but they caught him in the end. I guess they'll make him break out of jail or something.
user2: lol right. I've given up on star wars. I'm so out of the loop now
user1: or add a diff bad guy of some sort
user1: was robin in that movie lol
user2: It's really hard to keep up with all these movies
user2: haha that's a really good question, I didn't even think about Robin.
user2: I'm pretty sure he was not in it
user1: ikr! but my son would know like everything about it.  He was looking up bruce banner's actual house this morning before he went to school LOL!!
user2: or if he was, he was pointless
user1: lol!
user1: that's funny. poor robin lol
user2: lol yea I would love to be a kid getting to watch these movies. They must seem so real
user2: Lol I know, Robin gets no love. Maybe they'll cast someone for the next one.
user1: so much different then when i was a kid, that's for sure lol
user2: Oh and transformers too. Wow there really are a million of these movies
user1: i forgot about that! LOL
user2: Black Panther just came out lol. 
user1: oh yep another one lol
user1: it's never ending haha
user1: I think we might be done here tho :D til next time.  
user2: But yea, Batman vs Superman will have a sequel at some point. The story was pretty bad, but for kids, its great
user2: I think it has to tell us we are done doesnt it?
user1: at the bottom the finish conversation "lit" up
user1: it was grey before :D 
user2: Oh cool, thanks! nice meeting you!
user1: you too! might see ya in one of these next time. lol
user2: yep! see ya

conversation:
user2: Hey there, in the mood for a good film?
user2: I have a good choice if interested
user1: Sure!  Reading the info about Batman v Superman now.  What is your choice?
user2: I
user2:  think Batman v sup would be a good one to see
user2: It has some good production in it
user2: I think the storyline is prety stand up
user1: What is Rotten Tomatoes?  I have seen this rating media referred to a lot recently and haven't looked it up.  Yes, I agree about your production opinion!
user2: Rotten Tomatoes is where people go to give critics
user2: critiques* 
user1: I like Amy Adams and Holy Hunter both.  So like Yelp?
user2: basically like yelp
user2: its just very respected because the reviews come from people who love film and TV
user2: its a good way to know if theres are good or bad
user1: I don't know the director of this movie and haven't seen any super hero films ever.  Thanks for your education on RT!!
user2: Hes a pretty good director
user2: ive seen a few of his moives 
user1: I have forgotten how many times we must converse on one film....  I like dramas for the most part.  Love Jennifer Lawrence!
user2: the film  in its self is a good started to the whole DC universe they are trying to create
user2: same film 15 times
user2: its a pretty standard set up
user1: I see Diane Lane is in this too.  She's a great actor with years of experience on the screen!
user2: The cast of this movie is pretty good to
user2: shes GREAT
user2: i loved her as the Martha Kent
user2: she stands out
user2: The critics may not have loved this film, but i think it had good preformances 
user1: Aha.  I see the movie is about obedience.  Nice that it's not just action but has a message too!
user2: If you have young kids, or know any I think letting them see this movie would be good
user2: it teaches you alot about being a good person and standing up for whats right
user1: I have a 10 year old grandson and he loves super heroes.  Thanks bout the message about life.  Great info and I'm now excited to take him!
user2: also seeing Superman be treated as an "other" even tho he's a whote man 
user2: makes you thnk alot
user1: Rotten tomatoes didn't give it a good score tho, did they?
user2: I dont make reviews, but i did see that
user2: i generally see everything tho, and make up my own choices
user2: i like to have a clear sense of knowledge because I see films
user1: What's a metacritic score?  I'm glad you like to make your own choice about reviews.  Good move!
user1: One of my favorite movies was Joy and it got the worst reviews!  Couldn't believe it!
user2: JOy was interesting too
user2: i didnt like that as much tho
user2: But Batman vs Superman is a good one to look at
user1: Do you see movies often at the theater or at home?
user2: I saw it in the theater
user2: but i thnk you can rent it on DVD now
user1: We live in a rural community and it is rare for us to get a movie like this at the theater.  I am a NETFlIX person!
user2: hmmm ill have to check to see if its on netflix
user2: it may be on RedBox, do you have that?
user1: I am visiting in Florida now and where we live there are NO theaters and you have to go 50 miles to attend a film.  I am going to turn to Netflix to see if it can be streamed.
user1: Yep, Red Box is at my home -- not in Florida tho!
user2: awesome!
user1: Are you old enough to remember the original Superman movie with the guy who broke his neck?  Can't remember his name!

conversation:
user2: Hey
user1: Hey! Have you seen this movie?
user2: Yeah i did.........
user1: I see the Rotten Tomatoes score is pretty bad. Would you recommend it?
user2: It was a good movie
user1: What did you like about it?
user2: When batman and superman was fighting
user1: Cool. It looks like it has a good cast too. 
user2: what was your favorite part?............
user1: I haven't seen it, but I bet I would like Amy Adams as Lois Lane
user2: Kool
user2: which. other movie u want to talk about?
user2: Are u there?...............
user1: I've only got information on this SuperHero one. Do you agree with the ratings of 44/100?
user2: Not so much
user1: The CinemaScore is a B so that's not too bad. Would you watch it again?
user2: Yes i would.........
user1: I'll have to check it out. This scene with Clark Kent sounds cool. Did you like Ben Affleck as Batman?
user2: The both of them are strong figher
user1: I do like action movies. I'm reading the key scenes and it looks like Luthor kidnaps Clark's mom! 
user2: I. didn't think he would did,a good job but he did,
user1: Very cool. I'll have to check it out. Do you usually look up ratings before you see a movie?
user2: No. i didn't i just watch the preview 
user1: That's a good idea. I've never heard of the director, Zack Snyder, before. 
user1: Does Superman die?
user2: Yeah he did
user2: It was sad man
user1: Dang. I didn't see that coming at all. That sucks. 
user1: Well you've convinced me to not let the ratings sway me. 
user1: I'll definitely have to watch it now. 
user2: You. need to because it was Epic..........

conversation:
user2: HI. How are you?
user1: Hi, Im great
user1: do you like superhero movies
user2: You like movies?? One of my favorite movies is Batman vs Superman
user2: Have you ever seen it?
user2: And yesss. I love superhero movies 
user1: Yes I love movies
user1: NO I havent seen it
user2: Oh?? You haven’t?
user2: There’s so many famous celebrities in this movie 
user1: Omg yes I love Jesse Eisenberg
user2: Ben afflect. Amy Adams. Diane Lane  
user1: and Ben Affleck
user2: Ohhhh yes. I love him too. 
user1: do you agree with the movie rating
user2: Jessie eisenberg plays the villain so well. He always chooses great roles 
user2: No!! I think they scored it too low 
user1: I know, I havent seen it but it cant be that bad
user2: It only received a 27% on rotten tomatoes 
user1: wow that is crazy
user2: But rotten tomatoes is notorious for harsh grades. It’s very difficult to get a good grade on that site 
user2: Noooo it’s not bad at all
user2: It’s basically a continuation of a the previous movies 
user1: How was the batman and superman fight scenes?
user2: In this one - Lex Luther kidnaps Superman’s mom and girlfriends to try and get him out of hiding
user2: The scenes were great!
user1: Looks like batman saves martha
user2: Obviously Ben Affleck looks much more mature than Superman in this movie, but the action sequences for awesome
user1: was the luthor fight good as well
user2: Yeahhh it was great
user1: So Superman dies in this?
user2: Jessie Eisenberg always plays similar characters, so basically he had the Social Network personality with superpowers 
user2: Omg. YESSSSS
user2: Whenever I watch movies, I kind of make it a point to not read too much about it 
user2: So in the end, when Superman was declared dead I was SO surprised by it 
user2: And I’m not an avid comic book reader so I didn’t know that there were story lines where he died 
user2: It’s an amazing movie. You should really try to watch it. 
user2: And Amy Adams played her role SO well in this as well. 
user2: She was a great character. Very relatable. 
user2: Anyways. I hope this little chat was enough to sell you on this movie. It really is very great. And not a typical comic book movie at all. Has a lot of depth to it 

conversation:
user2: Yo
user1: hello
user2: How are you?
user1: im good 
user1: and you
user2: Cool
user2: I'm good thanks. Have you seen Batman Vs Superman?
user1: yea it was a nice movie
user2: Hehe, yeah.
user2: What did you like about it?
user2: It's basically like 2 hours of grownups playing with action figures to me
user2: lol
user1: I liked the fighting part
user1: it was a good plot
user1: but the ending was kind of wierd
user2: Yeah maybe. I like justice league more. with clark kent dead?
user1: no with the monster
user2: Aah ic
user2: It looked pretty cool :D
user1: yea i didnt get that part, although i know he was made by lex
user2: General Zod reincarnated.
user2: I see :).
user1: other then that i think batman is smarter then superman
user2: I liked it more than man of steel
user1: he did his research
user2: Yeah probably haha. Well, I guess that's his superpower
user2: if you can't throw cars around and want to hang with superman
user2: you better have brains
user2: :D
user2: Are you real?
user2: Or a bot?
user1: im real
user1: are you lol ?
user2: Yeah lol.
user1: i thought it woul be a bot also
user1: but i really liked the movie
user2: Brb. Anyway if I'm not back when this thing finishes it was nice meetin gu
user2: Lmao :D
user2: To be honest I didn't even see it all the way through
user1: lol how come
user1: the concept was interesting

conversation:
user2: Good day to you! So what did you think of Batman vs superman? 
user1: It was better than Man of Steel, but  no where as good as Dark Night
user2: Agreed. I suppose I agree with CinemaScore's rating of the film! Who was your favorite character in the movie?
user1: Eisenburg as Lex Luthor, I liked the way he manipulated Batman into a battle with superman. How about you?
user2: True that! He was a great criminal mastermind. I suppose my favorite was Ben as Bruce Wayne/Batman.
user1: Yeah, Ben Affleck was great as Batman. I agree with that.
user2: What did you think of Henry Cavill's performance as Superman/Clark Kent?
user1: Since it was a better movie than Man of Steel, I'd say the Superman character is sub par. It was Batman that made this movie watchable.
user2: Agreed. I did enjoy seeing the first live action cinematic portrayal of Wonder Woman!
user1: Having Batman, Superman, and Wonder Woman all on screen at the same time was great. Probably the high point of the movie.
user2: So true! As far as Batman is concerned, I did agree with him as seeing Superman as a threat to humanity.
user1: I'd say the Rotten Tomatoes score of 27% is more along where I would rate this movie.
user2: Understood. An average of 4.9/10 is honestly about right for this movie.
user1: I agree, it was an average movie
user1: The fact that 18 months passed since the battle between Superman and Zod seems like a bit too much time to have passed between this movie and the last.
user2: So true! And by that time, Superman had become a controversial figure.
user1: Using Martha was the only thing Lex Luthor had to control Superman.
user2: Indeed. I thought Luther's plan to bring Superman out of exile by kidnapping her was brilliant. 
user1: And since Bruce Waynes late mother is also Martha, that was a good plot device.
user2: Agreed. It bought Superman enough time for Lane to arrive and explain everything to save his life! I'm glad Batman was  able to rescue Martha!
user1: And while Batman rescues Martha, superman confronted Lex Luthor on the Scout Ship. 
user2: That was a great scene! Luther being confronted by the man he was obsessed with defeating!
user1: Yes, it was Superman's chance to redeem himself.
user2: Indeed. Then Batman ended up confronting Luthor in prison! 
user1: Then batman confronts luthor in prison. And warns him that he'll be keeping an eye on him.
user1: exactly!
user2: I'll admit, the memorial held for superman in Metropolis was kind of sad I thought!
user1: Clark Also being declared dead with friends and family attending including Bruce Wayne in Smallville was just as sad.
user2: So true. Plus the envelope Martha gave Lane from Clark with an engagement ring in it was sad as well.
user1: Bruce Wayne saying he will form a team to help protect the world was great!
user2: Yeah it's a good thing he was able to find those meta humans in Luthor's files!
user1: I agree completely!
user2: Well I enjoyed discussing Batman vs Superman with you! Have a great evening!
user1: And Same to you!

conversation:
user1: hi
user1: hello, are you there?
user2: Hi im here.Did you read the paragraph?
user1: yes, just finished - interesting isn't it
user2: yes it is.
user1: it didn't get good reviews though
user2: DC universe is so interesting.What do you think about the actors?
user1: They got good actors. Ben Affleck is there.
user1: I like his cool demeanor.
user1: btw, did you watch the movie?
user2: I have watched.And i didnt enjoyed.
user1: you didn't  --- bad for you. I kind of liked it. you have to watch it with open mind.
user2: It was like a tinder fire.It burns quick but hasn't got any damage.
user1: lol - you nailed it
user1: actually, you are not alone. See all the reviews - none of them are good
user2: Clark Kent is a dull and incapable hero.You are superman in blood and in transformed way in flesh.
user2: But you are incapable of having knowledge.You are trying to expose a man who is just wearing a mask.
user1: that's true - but lot of people would have high hope for this kind of movie
user1: look at the first critical response - it's kind of sad
user2: How about this kryptonite thing?What do you think about it?
user1: it's been around for eons - I don't mind it - reminds me my childhood
user2: While you have Martha and Lois, do you need to invest on a meaningless rock particule?
user1: i guess, for movies sake, why not?
user2: It is out of plot.i think.
user1: i just took it easy
user1: they have to come up with something
user2: This superman thing, is a superhero with emotions.I can understand this.However this is not bigger than your superhero title.
user1: i think, for this movie, the 'vs' thing attracted the crowd
user1: this was the first time those two were together in a movie
user2: Seems so.At least the general idea is around this.
user1: you are right about that
user1: people want to see some action - no matter what's going on 
user2: This may show there is nothing left to exploit.Things become tinder fire.
user1: how about throw wonder woman in the mix - lol
user1: that will be fun
user2: It is exactly.
user1: yes,
user1: nice talking to you
user1: bye
user2: Bye

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: How do you feel about batman vs superman? Its not a very fun movie I think
user2: I'm more in to Batman I think.
user1: Did you like Ben Affleck playing as him?
user2: Yes, I think Ben Affleck is a great actor.
user1: True, but I think I'd still rather watch The Dark Knight
user2: What is Dark Knight about?
user1: Its a batman movie, really well done, The best superhero movie out I believe.
user2: I think I might order it tonight.
user1: That's a good idea, much better than Batman Vs Superman, which just got very average scores.
user2: Oh okay. I will check out some reviews
user1: It has some very strange plotlines, Bruce wayne sees superman as a threat to humanity
user2: Really? That sounds interesting
user1: It could be if it was well done. One review of the movie says "153 minutes of a grown man whacking two dolls together"
user2:   That review is odd or not?
user1: Its not unlike many of the other ones, Apparently Lex Luther isn't portrayed very well either.
user2: Oh okay, I'll have to see the reviews and then judge the film for myself.
user1: Nope, I still have to convince you one way or another, this task isn't over yet :PIt only has a 27% on Rotten Tomatoes
user1: And somehow, Batman gains the upper hand on superman, which technically should be impossible unless kryptonite is involved
user2: I like a challenge and sometimes I love films with bad reviews.
user2: Right, kryptonite!
user1: True, it could always provide some entertainment. I think if you're a superhero movie fan then it'd be an alright watch, but otherwise it could have been done a lot better
user2: What would you change in the film if you could?
user1: Huh, apparently Bruce Wayne has plans to form a team of metahumans, which is not like him at all, especially with his past. 
user1: I would re-cast a couple of the characters at least
user2: Oh okay. Any good female characters you might add to the film?
user1: I mean, they have both Lois Lane and Martha Kent. As far as actors though, I'm so bad with names, I only really know the people in this movie
user2: Oh okay. I haven't any clue of female actors who would be good.

conversation:
user2: Do you like super hero movies?
user1: I haven't seen all that many super hero movies, but I did like Dark Knight.
user1: How about you?
user2: I do like super hero movies. I am not a huge DC fan. I like Marvel better.
user1: I think it's a little strange to have both Batman and Superman in the same movie.  Seems like a reach.
user2: True! And it seems like the critics agreed!
user1: Yes, it certainly seems they did.  It's also difficult to get behind Ben Affleck portraying Batman.
user2: Yes! I totally agree!
user1: Can't remember the last time I saw Holly Hunter working either.  What has she been up to all this time?!
user2: I did like Amy Adams as Lois Lane- she was awesome!
user1: I didn't know who Henry Cavill was until I saw this movie.
user2: I didn't realize that, in the movie, Batman had already been working for 20 years.
user1: What?  I didn't know that either!
user2: Yeah, I thought it was a reboot and we were going to see some new origin story.
user1: How is it possible that Superman could be viewed as a threat to humanity? 
user2: I was just going to say that. I don't get why Bruce Wayne doesn't like Superman.
user1: They should be crime fighting buddies
user2: It makes sense that Lex was playing the two superheroes against each other,
user1: Oh, that figures.  It is all Lex Luthor's fault.
user2: What did you think of the "Martha" moment? I had never put it together that they both had mothers named Martha.
user1: I was surprised that Batman fought Superman instead of just listening to him and his story.
user2: And Batman went to a lot of trouble to make the spear.
user1: I couldn't believe they killed off Superman. 
user2: The engagement ring moment- so sad!
user2: I loved Diana Prince! Wonder Woman for the win!
user1: I agree!  Wonder Woman has always been a personal favorite.
user1: And yes, the engagement ring moment was very sad
user1: Do you think Superman is really dead?
user2: How could he be? That would be awful! And the levitating dirt has to mean something, right?
user1: That's what I was thinking.  And you know there will be a sequel now too.
user2: Do you think you'll see the sequel?
user1: I don't know.  I wasn't thrilled with this movie to begin with.  I might not waste the time.

conversation:
user2: hello
user2: Do you know what is the title of the movie?
user2: What is the genre?
user2: are you also a movie goer? or just like to watch movies at home?
user1: The title is Batman v. Superman
user1: I love super hero movies, but not this one.
user2: ohh wow.. that's a good movie but unfotunately did not wacth it.. 
user1: Are you a fan of Batman?
user2: ohh why maybe because two damn  good super hero fighting each other.. dont like that also ahaha
user2: yes yes Im a fan and also superman ofcourse
user2: and you?
user1: Did you see the Man of Steel?
user2: yes.. I like that movie too.. 
user1: Did you know that this was the introduction of Gal Gadot to the movie world?
user1: Do you follow the Rotten Tomatoes ratings?
user2: really? did not that, thanks for that information, 
user2: ahh sorry I dont, what was that all about?
user2: Is that a blog for criticizing a movie?
user1: Well, this movie got a rating of 27% out of 100%
user2: ohh.. that was too low.. poor batman and superman ahaha, much better they have their own movie.. 
user1: Exactly. According to the critical response, this movie is all about fighting with no plot.
user2: I wonder what DC thinks after they make that movie..
user2: yeah.. just to think of it that batman vs superman fighting with each other and so movie goers will think whos the bad and the good..
user1: Did you know that Bruce Wayne has been serving as Batman for 2 decades ?
user1: Batman views superman as a threat to society.
user2: No, I don't know that.. ahaha that was too long.. Gotham City must be proud of..
user2: Really why superman? maybe if I watched the movie I'll understand .. 
user1: In this movie Batman is on the cusp of killing Superman with a spear.
user1: And it turns out that Batman's mother and Superman's mother have the same name.
user2: ohh.. but they are not brothers in the movie ?
user1: And that coincidence saves Superman's life. are you any more interested?
user1: No they are not brothers.
user2: yes please do continue so that I know what happened in the movie ahaha thank you for explaining to me
user1: Did you see the Dark Knight?
user2: did somebody died at the end? or they just live both?
user2: yeah but unfortunately I already forgot the story 
user1: Once Batman and Superman realize that their mother's have the same name, this turns them from fighting each other, to helping one another.
user2: their both mother come to a fight?
user2: just the saME NAME AND NOT A SAME PERSON?
user2: ohh thank  you sir?ma'am 
user1: The whole is weird. Batman ends up saving Superman's mother. And they go off to fight another foe. They don't have the same mother.
user2: Ohh I see ahaha.. Thank you.. Hope to talk to you again in the future task.. you're so helpfull.. 
user1: At the end of the movie Superman is laid in a coffin.
user2: Aww.. so superman died in the movie.. atleast their's no part 2 ahaha..  I don't like the idea of two super heroes fighting each other.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi, so this movie is Batman vs Superman, and it has a low rating score on rotten tomatoes of 27%
user2: I havent seen that one
user2: but if it has a low rating then it must not be good
user2: have you seen it?
user1: It stars Ben Affleck and Henry Cavill. No I have not seen it
user2: I love how Ben Affleck acts
user1: It does not seem to look good based on the reviews, and i wouldn't suggest this moviw at all
user2: most of his movies are pretty decent
user2: Oh I see! what about the critic responses
user1: It says: "i53 minutes of a grown man whacking two dolls together."
user1: *153
user2: That critic response is pretty harsh lol
user2: and funny too
user1: Now i have a paragraph about the key scenes of the movie
user2: Ok great
user2: whats it about
user2: that key scene
user1: it says that superman has become somewhat of a controversial figure, and batman sees him as a threat
user2: Ok. so Im guessing thats why the fight starts
user1: yeah, and then clarkkent wants to expose batman after discovering how batman works (his way of justice)
user2: Yeah, Batman does have a dark sense of darkness but his the best
user2: who do you like more Batman or Superman
user1: yeah i like him too
user1: ive never seen superman
user2: His one of my favorites as well but Batman is my #1 superhero
user1: then its saysluthor kidnaps lois lane and martha kent
user1: and luthor demands that superman kill batman
user2: Oh I see, and what happens next
user2: Sounds interesting
user1: batman fights superman
user1: and then
user1: superman pleads w him to save martha
user1: batman rescues martha and sm confronts luthor
user2: And what about the director of the film?
user1: luthor is arrested
user2: Oh, so Luthor gets caught
user1: batman says to luthor that he will always be watching him
user2: Oh I see, 
user1: oh wait super man dies
user1: i missed that part
user2: well the plot sounds interesting but I dont think I would watch it based on reviews
user2: it seems like a waste of time, but interesting setting
user1: no, it seems a bit like a reach to me

conversation:
user1: hi
user1: which movie are we talking about today?
user2: We are discussing Batman Vs. Superman
user1: Have you seen this movie?
user2: I haven't seen this movie. How about you?
user1: No, not yet
user1: When did it release?
user1: Is this the one with Ben Affleck?
user2: Gotcha. It was released in 2016. It got a bad rating on Rotten Tomatoes, unfortunately.. 27%
user2: Yes it is with Ben
user1: oh, that is a pretty low rating
user1: I believe he was Batman, who played Superman?
user2: It is. I love the Batman comics so that's pretty disappointing
user2: Henry Cavill played Superman
user1: Have you watched the other Batman movies?
user2: I have. I saw all of the ones with Christopher Nolan. It seems that Batman Vs. Superman wasn't even as good as those movies
user2: How about you?
user1: Yes, I have too. And I agree, those actors could carry off the role well compared to Ben Affleck
user2: Agreed! I think maybe that's where they went wrong. The critics are saying Dark Knight set the bar too high for this film to succeed
user2: But it was better than Man of Steel lol
user1: Absolutely true! But I might just want to see this movie to know what the plot is like
user2: I agree. It seems that it got mostly mixed ratings and honestly who knows if it's as bad as some people say.
user1: i usually don't go purely on the ratings, they are very often biased. I prefer asking friends who have seen the movie and then decide if I want to watch it
user2: Good point. I have seen "bad movies" (according to critics) and they ended up being quite good. This movie could be decent. It seems to have gotten mixed reviews
user2: Do you know the overall plot of the movie?
user1: Not sure
user1: Maybe that could be a good reason to rent a DVD or per per view and watch it
user2: Very true! The basic plot seems to be Lex Luthor pitting Batman against Superman. I'm not sure why they distrust each other though
user2: That kind of has me curious to watch it
user2: It seems like Lex kidnaps Martha Kent to force Superman to kill Batman
user1: It could be interesting to watch two superheroes against each other. As a child, I watched more of Superman than Batman
user2: I think so too. I watched both but mostly Batman
user2: I think I'll probably give this movie a shot and watch it over the weekend
user1: Yes, me too
user2: Cool! The movie is a reasonable length too, 153 minutes long
user2: I think it's worth checking out
user1: I prefer shorter movies. Sometimes the longer ones seem to drag
user2: That is a good point! This one seems to have some good amounts of action, so hopefully that helps

conversation:
user2: How did you like BVS?
user2: Hello?
user1: I wasn't a huge fan of it
user1: How did you like it?
user2: There was quite alot of hype
user2: But it soon went after the movie got released
user2: Gal gadot was the only reason I watched it
user1: Well, it's two major names. Batman and Superman. They're DC comics biggest titles
user2: Yeah but the climax ruined everything 
user2: No one can make a climax so bad 
user2: Didn’t expect that from dc
user1: Agreed. They stopped fighting because of the name Martha was ridiculous
user1: I did expect it from a Snyder movie.
user2: Yeah
user2: The cast of lex luthor was ruined too
user2: He didnt play quite a good roll
user2: I think the movie was bad overall
user1: Eisenberg was terrible, on top of the terrible writing for Lex Luthor
user2: Truly
user2: Who was your favorite character 
user1: Ben Affleck just acted like a Bro.
user2: Yes
user1: I thought Henry Cavill was a good Superman, but still the writing for Superman was so terrible that it didn't matter.
user2: Nothing can save such a bad ending. Not even superman XD
user1: Who was your favorite character?
user2: Henry cavill
user2: I think he was the best among all
user1: He can be a good Superman if given an actual good script.
user2: Yeah
user2: But I expected more from DC
user1: The action sequences were so bad too
user2: It just keeps getting worse
user1: I'm a huge DC fan. More than Marvel, but these Snyder movies are destroying the titles.
user2: Exactly 
user2: Ever since snyder took over im losing interest over time
user1: Many feel the same as us if you look at the internet ratings.
user2: Anyhow 
user2: Did you like the bat armour
user1: Yeah, I didn't mind the armour
user1: What about you?
user2: I feel bruce wayne did go through alot of hardwork which didn’t anyway pay off

conversation:
user2: Hi.
user1: Hello.  Would you be interested in seeing a superhero action film directed by Zack Snyder?  Although the critical responses were lacking, it has an ensemble cast.
user2: Yes I always watch those.
user1: Although Batman and Superman are both great characters, it is great to have Wonder Woman in this film.
user2: Yeah Wonder Woman is awesome!
user1: Would you be interested in seeing Batman vs. Superman?  
user2: Sure, in fact I did!  It was good and I enjoyed it.
user1: Did you know that the critical responses were mixed?
user2: I didn't remember about that.
user1: Do you tend to not look at reviews about superhero films?
user2: Basically I just look at the trailer, and then I go.
user1: If possible, I would like to discuss some key scenes with you.  Specifically, how Superman has become a controversial figure.
user2: Yes, please do.
user1: Did you know that Batman sees him as a threat to humanity?
user2: I think I remember that.
user1: I liked this because it puts the two characters at odds, which reinforces the title.
user2: Yes it makes it more intense.
user1: It's really sad when Luthor kidnaps Lois and Martha Kent, right?
user2: Yes that's sad.
user1: How did you feel about Superman saying "Save Martha" to Batman?
user2: I think it helped them to get on the same side.
user1: I think it was great that Batman saved Superman and Martha
user2: Yes it was very helpful.
user1: Superman's death was also very sad.  Do you agree with Luthor that his death has mad the world vulnerable to powerful alien threats?
user2: Yes if Superman dies than some alien presence that is equal to him would be more difficult to stop.
user1: Due to the complex emotional nature of the film's plot, what do you think about the 27% Rotten Tomato's score?
user2: I just don't care about that, it had plenty of grit in its bones without the critics' approval.
user1: I really liked the final scene where the dirt atop Clark's coffin levitates.  Did you?

conversation:
user2: hey hows its going today. lets talk about movies. 
user1: Hi how are you.
user1: Have you seen Batman VS Superman?
user2: no i haven't seen it. sounds like it might be interesting
user2: whats the basic plot?
user1: It seems like it would be good, but I really can't recommend it.
user2: why is that? have you seen it? 
user1: Yes, I saw it when it came out. I think the advertisements for the movie really didn't live up to what moviegoers were expecting.
user2: it seems like if its about the two superheroes at battle it might be at least somewhat interesting
user2: I am not a big super hero movie fan. 
user1: When you hear Batman VS Superman, you'd think they would be at each other's throats but it just wasn't the case in the film.
user2: can you tell me a little about it? 
user1: Sure.
user1: The premise of the movie was that Bruce Wayne saw Superman as a threat and would find a way to ultimately get rid of superman.
user1: However that plan gets easily derailed by Lex Luthor
user2: i see - so its about a power struggle between the two? 
user1: It was almost as if Batman had ADHD or something.
user2: that just seems out of character for Batman right? 
user1: Aside from one interaction between the two, there wasn't much of a struggle at all.
user1: This movie's version of Batman was way out of character. 
user1: Killing,etc
user2: so let me guess - in the end they join forces to fight the bad guy
user1: It was a very dark version of the character.
user1: Yes, pretty much
user1: The review scores where even pretty low. 4/10 for most critics
user2: so batman is brooding and dark and superman is made into a villian of some sort
user2: but they revert back to their typical characters in the end
user2: was there anything good about the movie? 
user1: In Batman's mind he's some kind of villain but to the world, Superman is an overall great guy, it's almost like Batman was jealous more than seeing him as a threat.
user2: seems like Batman was just jealous 
user2: which is not what is typical of Batman - odd choice there. 
user1: Yea it threw me off when I watched it, wonder woman was even in the film which made no sense to me.
user2: wonder woman? was this just a way to get her her own movie? 
user1: Yes, but she somehow made it into this film.
user1: It's like the director had 4 different plots and forced them all into the film.
user2: it just sounds like they threw a bunch of stuff in a movie and just saw what people responded to
user1: Lol exactly!
user2: i guess it might be worth looking at just to see how much of a mess it is
user1: Yeah, if anything you'll have a laugh
user2: lol. i can always use a laugh. 
user1: I'm going to head out, you have a good day!
user2: thanks for telling me about this movie. I think i'll look at it now
user2: have a good one. 

conversation:
user2: Hi
user2: What kind of movies do you like?
user1: This movie, Batman vs Superman, sounds like a lot of fun. It's really escapist. Do you like escapist films?
user2: I do I like all movies.
user1: I like all kinds, except horror. Superhero films draw me in.
user1: I like some of the specific actors in this film a lot, like Jeremy Irons, Ben Affleck, and Laurence Fishburne.
user2: Yes they are very interesting. There is always the good vs evil  factor. And who don't love superheroes
user1: I like them because they get me to another world and I can forget about my real problems for a while.
user2: That is true. They have a lot of action and make you forget what is going on for a while which is always good.
user1: And, I never pay attention to what films are rated by other people, because I usually disagree with them anyway. I just watch them for the enjoyment - not to analyze.
user1: DC Comics is sooo classic, too. I remember reading them growing up.
user2: That is a good way to look at it. 
user2: Yes they are 
user2: Superman vs Batman are both great in their on right
user1: Yeah. I used to watch the REALLY old Batman and Robin black and white tv series.
user2: Yes the original was great. And this movie has a great cast of actors.
user1: This movie is fr 2016. Says it's the 2nd in DC universe after 2013 Man of Steel.
user1: Not sure if I saw that one.
user2: I don't think I have seen that one but would like to .
user1: The ratings are low. rotten tomatoes 27%. 
user1: I'm just not that critical when I watch films. How about you?
user1: Yeah, I'm gonna put these 2 on my to watch list.
user2: No I like to make my own decisions on filsm
user1: sounds good
user2: I am going to watch it also
user1: Do you have a preference? Batman? or Superman?
user2: I like Batman personally what about you?
user1: Definintely Batman. I like Superman, too. But I grew up with Batman.
user1: This doc is giving me info on key scenes.
user2: Yes I saw that it should be.
user1: scene 1, in Metropolis. Superman's controversial. Batman sees him as a threat.
user2: Superman does not seem like a threat to me.
user1: Clark Kent tries to expose Batman. 
user2: That part i would understand
user1: Wayne finds out about Lex Luthor, wants to import kryptonite.
user2: I could see that happening.
user2: It was nice chatting with you about the movie.
user1: scene 2 Luthor kidnaps Lois, and Martha Kent, trying to bring out Superman.

conversation:
user2: Hey do you like mobies ?
user1: hello

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user2: what did you think of batman vs. superman?
user1: Hey there! Honestly, I wasn't impressed.
user2: Yeah, I saw it only got 27% on rotten tomatoes
user2: I actually liked the movie though!
user1: I'm not a big Affleck or Eisenberg fan, so that probably didn't help. What did you like about the movie?
user2: I actually liked Affleck's portrayal of batman!
user2: I disliked Eisenberg's part though
user2: What did you think of Amy Adams?
user1: I thought she did alright as Lois. Do you normally get into superhero movies?
user2: I used to, but I think that I've seen too many lately
user2: Do you think the movie might have done better if it had a little more comic relief? 
user1: I'm not sure. I mean, the Nolan movies didn't have much humor, but they were much more highly rated. I think it maybe just needed more story, overall, instead of so much just smacking each other.

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hello!
user1: How are you today?
user2: I’m ok! I just saw the best movie last night
user1: Oh really? What movie? I'm always looking for a good night out with a solid movie and popcorn.
user2: It’s a superhero movie, guess which one!?
user1: Hmmm is it spiderman?
user2: Ben affleck is in it’s a main character,him and his partner are two grown dolls walking around 
user2: You came close! Spider-Man is innit
user2: You came close.  Spider-Man is in it along with his side kick batman
user1: Oh. What's the movie name?
user2: It was awesome, it was actually the two superheroes against each other in the thrill sealing,
user1: What was the movie called?
user2: It was actually the two of them against each other in a thrill and adventure seeking scenarios called batman vs superman, dawn of justice.   I never would of thought those two superheros would go against each other like they did in the movie
user2: You know there is a deeper meaning to the movie besides the childlike superhero phenomenon ,right?
user1: Oh wow. Can you explain the plot a bit? I'm not surprised there's a deeper meaning.
user2: Well the mastermind lex Luthur manipulates batman in a battle with superman
user1: Oh WOW, that sounds intriguing! Is there a lot of action? I get kind of bored if the shots don't "pack a punch." If you know what I mean. 
user2: Lex luthur has always been obsessed with defeating superman.  Wonder women shows up for the first time in the live action.  It’s all these superheros together on the same screen ! I couldn’t believe my eyes
user1: Oh I didn't know that. That must have been cool if you weren't expecting it. 
user2: Ibetween 5e action and watching lex Luther deterioninto a mix between the riddler and the joker it keeps your attention.  
user1: Nice. How would you rate this movie out of ten?
user2: It’s  all about the power and life struggle and the greed.  Good vs bad and all the stuff as a kid we loved, but now seeing it years later the representation of these figures mean more.  So yeah action packed and thought provoking with twists of laughs and old school memories.  A must see dude 
user2: For an action packed movie that is a classic i would go see it again, hell i would go with you, I would rate it a 8 1/2.  For sure
user1: Hmmm maybe. Do you think it would be good for a high schooler? I think my little brother might like this too!
user2: Cinema score rates it as a B but that’s because they didn’t see it in 3D like me 
user1: Oh do you recommend seeing it in 3D?
user2: Yeah I think it would be ok if he saw it, there isn’t any kryptonite in it like the one before it 
user1: What is kryptonite? Is it anything besides the element?
user2: It’s just yucky stuff that the super heros sometime encounter but yeah I think your brother would love superman
user1: Probably. Have you seen the other movies? Would it be helpful to be a Marvel fan before seeing this? Or is this a good stand alone movie?
user2: Hats better than all th ssuperheros together.  I hope luthur eventually gives up but then what would the superheros do you know?
user2: It is a DC marvel comic.   It’s 153 minutes of pure genius !
user2: Zack Snyder directed this one.  It has to be good.  Check your local paper for show times 
user2: You know it is the first live action film to feature both batman and superman how can you miss it

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hello
user2: How are you? Ready to talk movies? 
user1: I'm good, you? Yes, I am.
user2: I'm good as well thank you. 
user1: What's the name of the movie?
user2: So Batman vs. Superman is the movie
user1: Who is in it?
user2: Ben Affleck and Henry Cavill are the leading men. Amy Adams is the leading lady. Sorry I'm a little slow to type. 
user1: Oh, ok.
user1: What's the movie rated?
user2: There is also a great supporting cast including Diane Lane and Jeremy Irons. 
user2: It received a B on Cinemascore. 
user1: What else can you tell me about the  movie?
user2: I'm not sure if you know this, it is direct by Zack Snyder.
user1: Oh ok. Where was the movie filmed?
user2: Also, it is interesting in the fact that Bruce Wayne, aka Batman, is Gotham's vigilante. Clark Kent see's him as a threat to humanity and tries to expose him via the Daily Planet, the paper he works for. 
user1: Do batman and superman actually fight in the movie?
user2: Not sure where the movie was filmed. The main settings are Gotham and Metropolis. 
user2: Yes, they do fight. 
user1: Who wins the fight?
user2: They join forces to fight a bigger evil. Batman learning that Superman's mother shares his mother's name persuades him to help Clark when his mother is abducted. 
user1: What genre would you classify this movie as?
user2: It is very much a superhero movie. 
user1: How long is it?
user2: 153 minutes. 
user1: What would you rate it on a scale of 1 to 10?
user2: I don't have a personal rating system or scale. It was given a 4.9 out of 10 by Rottten Tomatoes. 
user1: Do you think this is a good movie for kids to watch?
user2: I think that would be up to the parent and the age of the child. 
user1: Is it rated "R"?
user2: I don't recall the rating off hand. I would suggest to search online for the rating and possible triggers that could cause an issue. 
user1: I think this is a movie I'd want to see. Thanks for chatting with me about it.
user2: No problem. Have a great evening. 
user2: Hope you enjoy it. 
user1: You too!

conversation:
user2: Hey
user1: Hello
user2: This movie didn't do too well with the critics
user2: 27% is pretty harsh lol
user1: It really is. especially  since they referred to it as " grown man whacking two dolls together" lol
user2: I remember watching it, but it was not very memorable I guess. I don't have strong feelings for it either way
user1: Its interesting to have Jesse Eisenberg play Lex Luthor
user2: Yea, i do remember that, it's not how i imagine that character at least
user2: but i can see that they were trying to make him a more modern day tech genius type
user1: I think the critics  hit it right on ht email by saying he added Mark Zuckerberg to the character
user1: the head*
user2: lol yeah, it was all pretty jumbled together
user1: The scene they mentioned seemed rather interesting
user2: yeah, i remember kyrptonite playing a big part of the movie
user1: Lex Luthor seemed rather obsessed with it as well
user2: and playing on the distrust between batman and superman
user1: absolutely
user1: Do you usually like superhero movies?
user2: they are hit and miss
user2: but they are usually all the same
user1: I agree. although I find marvel usually does a better job
user2: yeah, they seem to have a goal with theirs
user2: like the scene they just put up
user2: it was very unlike batman to want to even kill superman
user1: exactly what I was thinking! 
user2: batman never kills Joker even after all Joker does to him
user2: and now he wants to kill superman? it just didn't feel right
user1: I find that very hard to "buy" into that
user2: yeah one thing from batman is he arrests all of the criminals and is very against killing
user1: Although i will say the ending was good with the dirt levitating off the coffin. It defiantly left you hanging
user2: yeah
user2: the ending also sets up another movie
user1: Which is smart on thier part
user2: yeah, it is what marvel does as well
user1: so i've noticed
user2: Alright, nice chatting with you! Take care and have a good day!
user1: you too

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: hi
user1: do you think ben affeck did a good job has batman?
user2: I thought he was fine.
user2: I thought the movie was not too good.
user2: I agree with the 27 percent rotten tomatoes score
user1: Ya I heard that alot from people
user1: I thought it was a bit better than that
user2: I think the review that states that the movies was not fun is correct
user1: Well it drag on at parts
user2: I don't count it among the best in the SuperHero genre.
user2: What do you think about the rivalry between Batman and Superman in the movie?
user1: ya thats for super but I think it was a hard topic to get through
user1: well I think it was terrible explain
user2: Yeah, also Lex Luthor was too comical
user2: Like the review said he seemed to be a strange mix of Joker and Riddler
user2: He wasn't Lex Luthor really
user1: no he really wasn't him that we know though him in comic books
user2: They cast the wrong person.
user2: What did you think of the kidnapping of Lois and Martha?
user1: who do you think was wrong
user2: Both to an extent, I did no pay much attention as I got bored during the movie.
user1: Lois and Martha need to be there to get the story though
user2: That "save Martha" part was funny, turned into a joke.
user2: I don't think they were trying to be funny.
user1: no I don't think they were at all. It was just bad that happen to make it funny
user2: Batman had an upper hand in the fight.
user2: He almost got Superman
user1: due to lex which I didn't like
user2: Exactly
user1: Batman shouldn't need any help from lex
user2: I did not think the ending was effective
user2: We all know they will not kill Superman in the movie
user1: Ya it was a bit of a shock to see that
user2: Good conversation. 
user1: and that stupid rumble into a movie
user1: yep
user2: I hope you enjoyed it. Goodbye!
user1: good bye

conversation:
user1: Hey, did you see that 2016 superhero movie Batman vs Superman?
user2: I did not, i heard it was pretty bad though..
user1: Well you know it was directed by Zack Snyder, he has a pretty unique vision. Do you like superhero movies?
user2: yeah, some of them. I'm a big fan of spiderman and i like the Daredevil show. I'm not a fan of the intergalactic crap though
user1: I hear you! I was excited for it because it was the first time Batman and Superman appeared together in a live action film but man....that was not "my" Superman, you know?
user2: yeah. My son really wanted to go see it, but i convinced him to wait until it comes out on DVD so we can stream it online.. He ended up watching it with a couple friends during a sleepover. 
user1: Oh yeah, I waited too, even though some things were exciting, including Wonder Woman. It seemed so weird though, all dark and mean spirited. What did you think of the Lex Luthor impression?
user2: who played lex luthor again?
user1: oh taht tweaker Jesse Eisenburg, what a farce
user2: That seems like a very strange pick to play lex luthor... He is not very intimidating
user1: You could tell everyone involved in the whole thing was just there for a paycheck (except maybe Gal Godot, aka Wonder Woman) Im trying to remember the plot, something something Lex Luthor provikes Bats and SUpes to fight.....you remember anything about the plot?
user2: not at all. Gal Godot is super hot though
user1: OMG yes she really is, she just stole the whole thing from the boys lol! She was the only spark of "fun" in the whole dour mess. 
user2: oh for sure. and the wonder woman suit makes her so much hotter
user1: I dont know how or why they turned Superman into such a mean jerk. Superman is supposed to be the ultimate good guy. Tak about suitws, Im remembering Batman's Iron Man-esque thing he wore when he fought SUpes, that just made me laugh and laugh
user2: yeah, the whole plot was just a disaster. it had so much potential too. although, i can't see how batman could ever seriously do anything to superman..
user1: not laugh in a good way though, laugh out of embarrassment for the actors...they got paid though so I guess they get the last laugh! Isn't it weird how it's easier to talk about all this surface stuff about the movie and not the movie itself. That is the sign of a poor movie. 
user2: haha, yeah that's definitely not a good sign. Were there any other villians in the movie other than luthor?
user1: Oh man, remember that line Batman screams at Superman, "why did you say that name?!?" when Superman called out "Martha". Until that moment, I had not really thought about then fact they both had mama's named "Martha". Goofy! Wasn't there some weird monster clone of Zod? I admit I was pretty checked out by then
user2: haha, i didn't know either of there mother's names. what a strange coincidence. 
user2: yeah i was high when i watched it.. so i don't remember it well. lol
user1: well comics writes are hacks, bless thier tiny hearts :) I can't believe Batman really wanted to kill Superman with a spear. I think he was just jealous really.
user2: how could he even kill him with a spear.. isnt superman invincible to everything but kryptonite?
user1: right, it was kriptonite and just so petty of Batman. Sheesh, like Batman could stand against some godlike monster. The world needs Superman for big time villains. Let Batman have the Joker, you know though, with Superman "dying" and Clark Kent dying at exactly the same time, wouldnt everyone put 1+1 together?
user2: right.. the movie was just so ridiculous. 
user1: yep and at the end Batman decides to for a team of Aveng...er...I mean form a Justice League of superheroes to take the place of Superman. It's like, dude, if you had not killed Supes, none of that would be needed!
user2: lol right. superman is better than the whole justice league combined. he literally has every super power..
user1: Know what else I hated about the movie? All the colors were so muted and dull. It's a superhero movie, pucn that shit up yall! Make it colorful and fun and exciting! I bet other superhero movies do that.

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: Hello
user2: Superman description was very good
user1: Which superman movie was it?
user2: Dawn of justice

conversation:
user2: Hey there!
user1: Hello - I am supposed to convince you either to watch Batman vs. Superman or not. I think I will suggest that you not watch it.
user2: Why?
user2: I mean, I watched it, wasn’t pleased, but liked it even so.
user1: It gets very low scores by various rating sites like Rotten Tomatoes and Metacritic
user2: That’s true
user1: And Ben Affleck is in it, so that's another reason not to watch it
user2: Critics and fans alike didn’t like it.
user2: Hahaha
user2: I don’t like Ben A. either.
user2: The only DC movie I’ve liked so far is Suicide Squad.
user1: The critics really didn't like it either. They say it "isn't fun" and that it's a long movie without much substance
user1: It does have a pretty good cast though, especially Amy Adams and Jesse Eisenberg
user2: It’s long, I’ll give you that. But I found it thrilling.
user2: Don’t forget Cavill
user2: Henry Cavill
user1: Yeah, so I haven't actually seen it, but I do know that it got bad reviews
user2: Aren’t you even interested in seeing it?
user2: If you want to understand JLA you’ll have to see it.
user1: Well, I don't hate the idea of it, but from what I know of the superheroes in the story, it doesn't really make much sense to me that Superman and Batman would want to fight
user1: What's JLA?
user2: Justice League
user2: The movie
user2: It’s a bad adaptation from the comics
user1: Oh right. I guess I've lost my interest in a lot of superhero movies. I used to be a big fan, but they're kind of redundant
user2: The original story made much more sense, since the final battle between Batman and S. Is super stupid.
user2: Don’t you even like Marvel?
user2: I mean, DC has been doing a terrible job, but Marvel’s been killing it.
user1: I have liked the Marvel movies, but I don't like the idea that they all exist in the same universe.
user2: Oh, like Avengers and so?
user1: Iron Man doing his thing? Fine. Spiderman fighting Doc Oc? Cool. Incredible Hulk smashing up NYC? Outstanding. But I don't really like the idea that they all live in the same place and don't really mention each other
user2: That’s an interesting point. I see what you mean and agree.
user1: Anyway, one reason I could see Batman vs. Superman is Eisenberg playing Lex Luthor. I like the idea.
user2: So, you really wouldn’t like JLA because it’s exactly that.
user2: I absolutely hated Luthor in the film.
user1: How does he play it?
user2: He doesn’t even come close to capturing Luthor’s personality.
user1: in what way?
user2: He’s always erratic and childish and nonsensical most of the timeZ
user1: haha got it, ok good talk!

conversation:
user2: I have not seen this, have you?
user1: Yea I have, a long time ago though.
user2: What did you think of  Ben Affleck?
user1: Ben Affleck was good. It was nice seeing him with Henry Cavill. 
user2: These critical responses don't really make me want to see it. lol
user1: Yea, that makes sense. Lex was a really weird villain, especially with Jesse Eisenberg.
user2: I like the description of him there, "with a little bit of Mark Zuckerberg."
user2: I think it's weird to have a movie where two superheros are pinned against eachother.
user1: Yea, I feel like having two superheros go head to head always devolves into a generic slugfest. I'd agree that it was more a "spectacle of power" than anything else. 
user2: Do you have a document about another movie? I just have this one.
user1: I just have one too. It says it should change but it hasn't so far. 
user1: Nevermind, it just changed.
user2: lol, yeah just then
user1: What do you think about the concept of a Batman who has already been operating in Gotham for two decades?
user2: Yeah, I mean it's kind of his town by that point. But because he's this "vigilante" character, he thinks badly of Superman, I suppose?
user1: Yea, mostly because of how powerful Superman can be if he chose to go bad. 
user2: Ah, I see. Yeah and Batman is all gadgets and muscle. I've always kind of liked Batman for those reasons too.
user1: Yea, Batman's always great. Like the reviews said, Nolan's Dark Knight set a pretty high bar.
user2: Yes. Now, I did see that one. I liked it a lot. I didn't really follow the movies much after that.
user1: That's fair. Man of Steel was worse than this and this didn't get that great of a reception. 
user2: So spoilers with the document, Batman could have potentially defeated Superman, but his emotional side saves the day. It does seem so ... typical. 
user2: Is Superman portrayed as more of a "level head" compared to Batman?
user1: Yea, especially with Luthor manipulating Batman for most of the time.
user1: What do you think of the ending?
user2: It made me laugh kind of. I wasn't expecting Superman to actually die, but then that coffin levitates.
user1: Yea, there was no way they would actually kill Superman. He's way too big of a name
user2: Okay, so Luthor managed to kill Superman?
user2: well "kill" Superman
user1: Yea, in a roundabout way. Mostly through manipulation
user2: Well there's no point of watching this movie now. lol 
user2: Excuse my ignorance, but did they release another after this?
user1: Yea, this is only the second movie in the DC Extended Universe. 
user2: Are there comics of the Extended Universe as well?
user1: I'm not really sure actually. 
user1: So do we hit the finish conversation button now since we've seen all four documents?
user2: That's what I'm wondering, I was going back to see if I could find out in the instructions they initially gave us.

conversation:
user1: Hi!
user2: Hi! 
user1: We're going to talk about Batman Vs. Superman.
user2: Awesome! I'm a total nerd. What is the rating on that movie?
user1: Did you see it? I had no idea it scored this low on Rotten Tomatoes. 
user1: 27% that's really low
user2: Hahaha. That is pretty bad. It's because it's so dark I think
user1: It did better on Meta Critic 44%
user1: It also was awful except in the scenes with Wonder Woman.
user2: Lol. Why is that?
user1: Well, Batman's motivations made him sound like a hysterical bigot. Luthor was totally wrong characterization, WW was the one most true to her character.
user2: Well that makes sense. I was really hoping Ben Affleck would be a popular Batman though :(
user1: I think the critics are a little harsh, but it wasn't worth the time.
user2: How was Superman's performance?
user1: I didn't really have a problem with Affleck. Jesse Eisenstein though...
user2: Jesse Eisenburg is good  at comedy. And he is good with a strong lead. 
user1: I like Amy Adams, but she just didn't fit as Lois either.
user1: Normally, he's very good. But the script here made him more bonkers, and less calculating.
user2: True. So we are blaming the script writers? I wonder who wrote it
user1: Does a score this low put you off or make you want to see for yourself?
user2: Eh. I never trust critics so I would watch it anyway
user2: I just wouldn't take my son until I've screened it first
user1: They were actually right on about 90% of the criticism
user1: I think it was a bit dark for kids.
user1: Though I did like one thing a lot. They address the massive destruction in Man Of Steel
user2: That's what I'm thinking. I always screen dc movies first because they are dark. I let him watch wonder woman though
user1: It's the one valid reason Batman has for thinking Superman was dangerous.
user2: I never even thought about that. Hmm
user2: So Batman goes off the deep end over superman messily saving the world? 
user2: It's a weak premise
user1: That was the thing the critics pointed out. The level of destruction during the battle killed people in those buildings.
user1: He does. And the bigotry angle of "What does this alien want here?"
user2: I'd say it's better than the whole city dying...
user1: Exactly, thought a later in his career Superman would have found a way to draw Zod away from the city
user1: In B vs S they purposely take the battle to an abandoned area
user2: Right.
user2: Does Batman become less hated as the movie goes on or is he just a jerk the whole time?
user1: He gets better when he meets Supse mam
user1: And the most laughable thing-when he finds out their mothers had the same name.
user2: Hahaha auto correct. Mine kept changing superman to Sherman
user1: ha
user2: Lol. I actually didn't catch that part. Maybe I fell asleep.
user1: haha
user1: Yeah, it actually made everyone laugh when I saw it.
user1: It was so strange. They played it like Batman snapped out of a trance.
user2: Yep. Must have fallen asleep. I did see it in Palm springs  ca though so it was mostly older people
user2: That is weird. Weak premise and weak resolve I suppose
user1: I'm in NYC. We go at all times here
user1: It was shockingly bad.
user2: Ah!! Jealous. Now that I'm back east I'm finally going up to NYC this thanksgiving
user1: Nice. Get there early for the parade. They set up barrier the night before.
user1: Well, I think we hit all the points.
user1: It was nice talking to you!
user2: Great! Pleasure chatting!

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: hello 
user1: batman vs superman was not that great
user2: It was fair
user1: i have a gernal overview of the movie with respect to the rating, director, actors, and introduction of th eplot
user2: Ben Affleck was batman, wow
user1: henry cavill was casted for superman again
user2: Eienberg as Lex Luthor, ho hum
user2: Yes do you like cavill as superman?
user1: yeah they casted him for this movie so he seemed like the right fit
user2: oh okay
user2: General Zod stole the show
user1: interesting how luthor is always involved with superman
user2: Yeah thats true
user2: Batman vs. Superman was okay to me just average
user2: I mean a lot of people didnt like it and i do understand why
user1: yeah with a score of 4.9/10 from rotten tomatoes i agree
user1: yeah after all it was the second installment of the originial man of steel movie
user2: Actually man of Steel was a whole lot better a critic said that Batman vs. Superman was better LOL
user1: yeah, you ever find it interesting how Marth kent, superman's mom just took clark in? 
user1: as his adoptive mother
user2: Yeah the husband is missing in this
user1: yeah and martha ends up being a huge deal in this movie since batman saves her at one point
user2: Yeah I find that to be a bit off, the husband is supposed to be there
user2: The thing is is that this Martha Kent is WAY to young
user2: way too young
user2: She looks just as young as Superman himself almost for Petes sake
user2: thats not right its not supposed to be that way
user2: not in the comics nor rest of the superman films
user2: but yeah
user1: yeah did you have any issues with batman fighting superman?
user2: Would have been nice to Zod in this film
user2: *too seee zod
user2: it was fair
user2: It was fair as best, not nearly as good as Zod vs Superman
user2: Didnt even come close
user1: yeah i agree
user2: Thanks
user1: i tend to think that when bruce and clark are put up against each other its too predicatble for the plot
user2: Ha ha ha yeah
user1: also whenever they have superman declared as dead
user1: you always know that he ends up coming back at some point
user2: Yeah that was awful
user2: The way Superman "died" in this was awful
user2: It didn't even line up correctly
user1: yeah it was interesting 
user1: did you have any thoughts about how batman was planning to create a team of "metahumans" 
user2: Yeah but no one talks about where the spear came from
user2: that killed superman
user1: yeah that too!
user1: i agree
user2: Rewatch the Doomsday vs. Superman scene
user2: Yeah that was awful
user1: i agree yeah 
user2: I am glad that i am not the only one that noticed that!!!
user1: yeah! it was really cool at the end when the dirt starts to lift off the coffin though 
user1: obvious that superman was coming back but im sure that was surprising for people who might have thought he actually died
user2: Fake and phoney! They just slopped a bunch of stuff together and called it a movie, LOL!!!
user1: yeah i mean the overall metacritic score was about 44/100
user2: Yeah the coffin did look like it shook
user1: so that was most definitely a fail
user2: thanks

conversation:
user2: HELLO
user2: HELLO
user1: Good Morning
user2: GOOD MORNING
user2: THIS MOVIES IS ABOUT BATMAN VS SUPERMAN
user2: I HAVE YOU SEEN IT?
user1: I saw the movie recently and honestly it was not what I was expecting. Batman vs Superman definetly did not live up to the hype and DC is failing miserably when it comes to superhero movies
user2: OK
user1: Ben Affleck as superman was a little boring, although I did like his performance in Daredevil
user2: WOW
user2: I THOUGH HE WAS A GOOD ACTOR
user2: IS IT ON NETFLIX 
user1: No, I dont think the movie is on Netflix yet.
user2: I GOT TO FIND THIS MOVIES.
user2: OK
user2: MY HUSBAND SAID HE SEEN ON SHOWTIME
user2: IT
user1: Idk why they keep reusing the same actors for superhero films. Ryan Reynolds, and Ben Affleck have played multiple heroes, yes im sure it can be found on your Showtime
user2: TELL ME ABOUT IT PLEASE
user2: I DIDN'T KNOW ABOUT THIS MOVIES
user1: The premise of Batman vs Superman is basically God vs Man. Superman has been operating as a vigilante throughout the world and has left destruction everywhere he has gone
user2: OK
user2: DID IT LOOK REAL?
user1: Jessie Eisenberg who plays the villian Lex Luthor develops a weapon made out of kryptonite which is the only thing that can defeat Superman. The Us Government is intially reluctant on using the weapon, because Superman's power is unpredictable and he has been a ally in the past. After Superman destroys a building leaving dozens dead Batman vows to take down Superman once and for all
user1: yea the cinematography was decent, and the visual effects were nice
user2: SOUND GOOD
user2: I GLAD IT LOOK NICE
user1: Yea the budget on the film was probably a couple million dollars im sure the movie studio recouped their initial investment
user2: WOW
user1: I see the Rotten Tomatoes score is 27% with a average rating of 4.7 thats pretty bad in todays standards
user2: I SEE
user1: Henry Cavill reprised his role as Superman again for this film, which is good because he played in the last three Superman fims as well as Diane lane who played his mother
user2: OK
user1: One thing I did like about the movie is how they introduced the characters for the Justice League movie which came out last year
user2: LAST YEAR?
user1: Yes, Justice League came out last year and continued the story from Batman vs Superman, and Ben Affleck and Henry Cavill reprised their roles from the previous film
user2: SO WILL SEE IT AGAIN?
user2: YOU
user1: I saw Justice League and I saw Batman vs Superman but I probably wont see them again. Wonder Woman came out last year as well and she was a character in Batman vs Superman. 
user1: Aquaman who first made his screen appearance in Batman vs Superman will star in his own feature film later this year as well

conversation:
user1: Hello! What did you think of the movie Batman vs Superman?
user2: This movie was terrible. The ratings show others agree with me. Did you like it?
user1: Not really. I like Batman movies, but this movie was not good. I don't like Ben Affleck as Batman, either.
user1: The only thing I liked about this movie was that Wonder Woman made an appearance.
user2: Yeah. I like some of the other actors in the movie. I tend to like Amy Adams and Diane Lane. I typically don't like Jesse Eisenberg or Ben Affleck. And yes! This was the first live-action cinematic portrayal of Wonder Woman. 
user2: It was only 153 minutes, but still seemed too long!
user1: I think the review that it "wasn't fun" was accurate, because I agree, it took way too long.
user1: Man of Steel wasn't a good movie either, and I don't think this movie was better.
user2: Definitely. But I did like the review that said it was just "whacking two dolls together"
user1: They were both equally bad in my mind.
user2: It definitely wasn't as good as Dark Knight
user1: Whacking dolls together DOES seem appropriate for the fight scenes...
user1: It's hard to even keep track of the plot. I don't remember it well.  I don't remember Luther importing anything.
user2: Now I see a 'key scenes' box. I guess he imported kryptonite.
user2: I love that it only has a 27% Rotten Tomatoes score. That's pretty bad
user1: I think it's hard to understand some points in the movie without remembering some of Man of Steel, since Zod's death plays an important role in this movie.
user1: I use Rotten Tomatoes often for movie reviews; they tend to be very accurate for recent movies.
user2: Well clearly with the scene description this movie starts 18 months after the Superman/Zod battle. That's a helpful little description box
user2: Why is Luthor explaining that he fueled the feud? Is he just bragging/rubbing their faces in it?
user2: I'm glad they explained the Martha thing, I would not have remembered that.
user1: I think Luther just wanted to give Superman a reason to kill Batman AND feel bad about it. Basically telling Superman "Hey, I made you guys hate each other but you never needed to, and now you have to kill him."
user1: I'm not sure how Batman could be confused about Martha, as his mother is long dead.
user2: I'm glad Wonder Woman appears in this film, so that the women aren't just standing around waiting to get kidnapped. Ok. Luthor gets an extra power kick that way. Makes sense.
user2: "...Wait, can this dude time travel now?" haha
user1: That would be an interesting super power for Superman, but would ruin the story.
user1: Wait... how is Wonder Woman in this movie but is not included in the key scenes?
user2: Meh, she's got her own movie. I don't know.
user1: Her role is important enough for the introduction but she isn't even mentioned in the cast or the key scenes.
user2: You're right, it does seem strange.
user1: This movie was clearly setting up for another movie when Batman discussed making a team of Metahumans.
user2: Yes, I was about to comment on that. Bruce feels like a failure and makes plans for the future

conversation:
user2: Hi, how are you?
user1: Hello! How are you today?
user2: I'm great, thanks for asking.
user1: I am good too!
user1: Have you seen Batman VS Superman?
user2: I have not, how was it?
user1: It was absolutely awful, I honestly don't recommend seeing it at all.
user2: Hm, I wasn't expecting that. The last one I watched was the one with Heath Ledger in it. Why was it awful?
user1: I think the story overall was poorly done. When you think Batman VS Superman you think it's two heros one on one, it just wasn't that at all.
user2: Right, I would think they would work together. Were they enemies?
user1: The story does begin that way, which makes you think it would lead up to them fighting throughout the movie. However, it was massively derailed with the guest appearance of wonder woman.
user2: Oh I see, my daughter loves wonder woman actually. Was it safe for children or pretty graphic?
user1: Lex Luthor is laughable bad in te film as well
user2: That's a shame
user1: How old we talking?
user2: She's 7
user1: I wouldn't let my 7 year old watch it, it's pretty violent.
user2: I'll take your word for it, it wasn't something I was interested in when it came out. I usually watch mostly all of the new movies but it didn't look that great
user2: I imagine I would have the same opinion as you after watching it
user1: Yeahm I think they dropped the ball on this movie. They tried to do too many things at once. 
user1: It's almost like they had three different plots and combined them all into this mess.
user2: It sounds that way, maybe they were trying to set up the wonder woman movie and get more people interested in that
user2: Who played Batman and Spiderman?
user1: Ben Affleck played Batman and Henry Cavill reprised his role as superman.
user1: I think they both did good, but they just didn't have a good story to really follow.
user2: Ok, I do remember that.. I don't really care for Ben Affleck
user1: I am not a big fan of his either. I thought he would be a very bad fit for the character.
user2: That's the same thing I thought.
user1: He was surprisingly good, I think he plays Bruce better than Batman but he does well regardless.
user1: Even the critics didn't like the movie.
user1: It recieved pretty bad scores across the board.
user2: That doesn't surprise me at all, after it came out I didn't even hear any of my friends talking about the movie
user2: I don't think I would go see it.
user1: I wouldn't waste your time, if you do see it. It will be because it's on local TV
user1: I'm going to head out. Have a good rest of your day!
user2: You too, thank you

conversation:
user1: What movie?
user2: Batman Vs Superman
user1: I've never seen it. Can you tell me about it?
user1: What is the plot?/
user2: Of course, Its a Superhero movie directed by Zack Snyder, Staring Ben Affleck and Henry Cavill. Its set in the DC universe and is the second installment in their attempt to make a joint universe. 
user2: The plot follows the two main characters as they attempt to sort out their different views on the man of steel himself. 
user2: You should really see it.
user1: It sounds really interesting. I've seen most of the Superhero movies but not Batman Vs Superman.
user1: I like Superhero movies. I love all the action.
user1: My favorites would have to be the Ironman movies or the Avengers movies.

conversation:
user1: Batman vs Superman was pretty bad, huh? Mindless fisticuffs
user2: Yes sounds like a cash in title
user1: Truly. Studios know that superhero movies will sell, so they don't have to try
user2: The fact Ben Affleck stars in it makes me want to avoid it all together
user1: Haha, yeah. It's a shame that Laurence Fishburne and Jeremy Irons are associated with it, I like their work
user2: Those seem like the only two redeeming factors. But even they couldn't save 153 minutes of trash. 
user1: Zack Snyder is definitely the kind of guy who would make a movie about two grown men beating each other up for that long
user2: I'll probably think of Lex Luther everytime I see a picture of Mark Zuckerburg now. 
user1: Zuckerburg getting Batman to fight an invincible boy scout? there must be a political comment there somewhere
user2: Luthor needs to seek some therapy for his obsession with defeating Superman. 
user1: What I don't get is why Batman would agree to help Luthor after learning that he's associated with a weapons trafficker. What the heck, dude
user2: How rare can Kryptonite even bee if it's found in the Indian ocean?
user1: yeah, and if you have a Kryptonian scout ship, why not just use one of the Russian weapons with kryptonite on the tip to blast the big guy out of the sky?
user2: I'm sure Wonder Woman probably knows all the answers to that riddle.
user1: and why Luthor wants to get his grubby hands on General Zod's body. Sounds like a weird lounge display
user2: either way it doesn't sound very good for the city of Metropolis
user1: it would be pretty funny if instead of this ludicrous plot, Lex Luthor just let the Daily Planet know that Clark Kent was Superman. He could lose his job, then be told it was Batman's fault
user2: Yeah Clark Kent has it coming to him anyways. He doesn't seem to care much about Martha at all in my opinion.
user1: but he really does like trolling Batman. Way to rub salt in the wound
user2: How smart can Batman be with all his amazing tech skills if he gets confused so easily by Superman tricking him with Martha's name.
user1: and with all that amazing technology, he resorts to a spear to try to kill Superman. this is truly the crown jewel of 2016
user2: It must have been an expensive spear. Superman sounds like he's basically become more a self serving demi-god rather than a hero compared to Batman. Since Superman refused to really save anyone but himself.
user1: At least Batman has the decency to form a team to protect the world
user2: Yeah I'm sure that prison they built for Lex Luthor isn't going to hold him very long. So he'll be needing back up.
user1: the only downside is that Lex already knows about all the other superheroes, so Batman kinda shot himself in the foot there. Probably won't be long before Lex discovers his secret identity
user2: At a certain point it seems like Batman is just going to have to give up the whole secret identity thing. Maybe he'll retire and move on to making hollywood cookie cutter drivel like his last film.
user1: Bruce Wayne in a dress suit with the Batman mask on: "Hey everyone, I'm Batman. After the death of my good pal Superman, whose funeral I attended, I've decided to reveal myself. Please come kill me so that I don't have to make any more movies like Batman Vs. Superman."
user2: As long as his coffin levitates at his funeral like Clark's I'll be happy with that outcome.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user2: hello
user2: hello
user1: hello! how are you?
user2: Have you seen Batman vs Superman
user2: hi there
user1: I have not
user1: have you seen it??
user2: I thought that the movie we were supposed to dicuss
user2: Yeah Ive seen all the Batman movies
user1: Did you enjoy it??
user2: Batman vs Superman wasn;t the best Batman movie but good...better then I thought it would be
user1: Did the actors do a good job?
user2: Yeah they all did a decent job
user1: why didn't you like it as much as some of them?
user2: Wonder women was introduced in the movie
user2: and wonder woman was also better then I thought it would be
user2: It was some good scenes action in the film
user1: the movie sounds and looks good
user1: i would like to see it in the future
user2: yeah you should def do so...
user2: so what is the last movie you saw
user1: maybe this conversation will inspire me to watch it later!
user1: the last movie i saw was the horror remake "IT"
user1: spooky!
user2: oh yeah that was really good
user1: i like it a lot
user1: what was the last movie you saw?
user2: wasn't scary but really entertaining
user1: i agree. a little creepy but not to scary. and very entertaining
user2: who ever played the clown did a really good job and the kids were good to
user2: it wasnt had some more serious topiccs as well
user2: yeah
user1: yeah i liked the kids. sometimes the kid actors are not so great. i think alexander saarsgaard was the clown
user2: He did a really good job
user1: what is your favorite batman movie?
user2: the one where the actor who died played the joker
user1: yeah it's hard to find a good disturbing clown! sometimes. he nailed it
user1: oh yeah that one was really great i liked it a lot
user2: he was an amazing joker but the movies was also just good
user1: probably even more disturbing than the creepy clown film! in a good way
user2: yeah
user1: yeah he really gave it his all. it was great to watch
user2: they both played good clowns
user1: haha true. nice point
user2: yeah I agree
user2: its like he new it was going to be is last role, so he gave it all he had
user1: I've read that the role really took a toll on him mentally. i can see that! 
user1: very dedicated of the actor
user1: now i want to go watch it
user2: yeah for sure
user2: he must have been a method actor....actors who really become their charactor 
user2: you can watch bpth Batman movies bacj2back
user1: i have some time later i'm really considering it!
user2: go for it
user1: being a method actor is really hard work. those people that do it are very talented
user2: for sure
user1: are we allowed to leave yet? may i go watch batman? haha
user2: you really have to sacrafice yourself.. 
user2: I think we can at anytime ...yeah
user1: i agree. i don't think i would have the mental stability! some of the people that do it don't seem to either but they go for it anyway
user2: have to really love the craft
user2: agreeed
user1: for sure.
user1: cool. well it was fun to chat with you today
user1: i hope you enjoy all your day and all future clown films
user2: yeah was good chating as well
user2: you to
user1: thanks going to exit now. see you later
user2: k..bye

conversation:
user2: Did you like the movie?
user1: Yeah! Seeing Batman, Wonderwoman, and Superman team up was awesome!
user2: Which superhero do you prefer. Batman or Superman?
user1: Batman, although I didn't like his portrayal in this movie.
user2: How were the action scenes in the movie?
user1: The effects were fun, but it was a little dry.
user2: Was Lex Luther's character diabollicaly evil?
user1: His intentions were fair, but his methods were evil.
user2: How was the script?
user1: A bit jumbled at times.
user2: Did the cinematography wow you?
user1: Yeah, Zack Snyder is great with effects
user2: Did Wonder Woman really fit in in this movie?
user2: If so, did Wonder Woman make the movie better or worse?
user1: She did fit it definitely made it better
user1: What was your favorite scene?
user2: When Batman and Superman engage in combat loved all of those scenes
user2: What was your favorite scene?
user1: When Batman sees Superman as a threat humanity
user1: How do you feel about the rating for this movie?
user2: Right on target
user2: What would you rate this movie from 1 to 4 stars?
user1: A 2
user1: Did Ben Affleck fit the role as Batman?
user2: Certainly.
user2: How did you like Diane Lane?
user1: She did fine.
user1: How does this compare to previous Batman movies?
user2: It sucked. Many of the Batman movies before this one were better
user2: Did you think the movie was a little to long?
user1: It could have been longer to fill in holes.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user1: Have you seen the movie Batman vs Superman?
user2: Hello, No, I have not. Have You?
user1: Yes, I saw it in theaters. It was pretty good.
user1: Are you into Batman at all?
user2: I have seen a few trailers and I would like to see it, but a little on the fence. Who are the actors in it?
user2: My grandson really likes those kind of movies.
user1: It has Ben Affleck as Batman, and Henry Cavill as Superman from the other two he played in. I forget who plays Wonder Woman in it, but it's the same lady as Wonder Woman and Justice League.
user1: It also has Jesse Eisenberg as Luther.
user2: I always thought Batman and Superman were friends?
user2: That is a pretty good cast.
user1: This movie has a different spin on when they first met, if you've seen Man of Steel where the town is nearly destroyed Batman feels he is a threat.
user1: They eventually do become friends though.
user2: I am still a little iffy on the new Wonder Woman. She is really different from the one I remember.
user2: I didn't see that one.
user1: I'm not a huge fan of the Wonder Woman movie itself, but they did a good job with her in the Justice League movie.
user1: I'm iffy as well on the whole backstory and the way they did her in her own movie.
user2: I am glad they do become friends
user1: She is very different.
user2: I did like the Justice League, but haven't seen the Wonder Woman movie, yet.
user2: She is different. Almost so different they should have made up a whole new character for her.
user1: Justice League is much better of the two. It can be a bit confusing watching without having seen Batman V Superman, since it shows how he was dead.
user1: Very true. They tried to create an entire new image for her but keep the same name.
user2: Is it Super Girl that was a TV show for a while?
user1: Yes, on the CW.
user1: They mixed it with Arrow and the Flash for a lot of crossovers
user2: I don't know how well that did but I do enjoy these movies with a variety of different super powered people, like, "Gifted."
user2: There is quite a few now.
user1: Yeah, without being too over the top. Marvel does a good job with them as well.
user1: Like Daredevil on Netflix is pretty good.
user2: I am really curious about the Batman -vs- Superman movie now
user1: It's definetly worth checking out.
user1: I hope you enjoy it if you happen to check it out.
user2: I haven't seen that either, but will check it out. I have been looking for something new to watch.
user1: There are a few on Netflix if you have it that all tie together, Jessica Jones, Iron Fist, and Luke Cage.
user2: I will. Thank you for all your knowledge on the movie
user1: Not a problem, it was good talking to you.
user2: Thanks again. It has been nice chatting with you.

conversation:
user1: Hello. Have you ever watched Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice?
user2: No I haven't. What can you tell me about it?
user1: Well Ben Affleck plays Batman/Bruce Wayne and Henry Cavill plays Superman/Clark Kent. It's the second installment in the DCExtended Universe following Man of Steel that came out in 2013.
user2: That sounds interesting. What is the plot of this movie?
user1: The plot deals with criminal mastermind Lex Luthor manipulating Batman into a preemptive battle with Superman, whom Lex Luthor is obsessed with defeating. Would you like to know how the moving was rated?
user2: Sure, how was this movie rated?
user1: Rotten Tomatoes gave the movie a 27% and average rating of 4.9/10. Metacritic Score gave the movie a 44/100 rating. Lastly, CinemaScore gave the movie a B rating.
user2: Wow. Do you know why this movie got such low ratings?
user1: One of the critical responses by a fan stated, "better than Man of Steel but below the high bar set by Dolan's Dark Knight." Therefore many believe that the movie could have been a lot better.
user2: I can see that. Even though I haven't seen the movie, I don't personally see Ben Affleck as right for the role of Batman. How did people rate the role of Superman?
user1: I am not sure about that but a key scene for the movie is when Batman realizes that Superman has become a controversial figure and sees him as an existential threat to humanity. I like this scene because this is when the "beef" between the two superheroes first begin
user2: That sounds like a riveting scene! So what would you say this movie falls under, categorically speaking? (Thriller, romance, comedy, etc)
user1: I would say this movie falls under a Thriller. Another part of the key scene is when Superman tries to expose Batman through Daily Planet articles. 
user2: It sounds like there's a lot of rivalry that takes place. Does this movie get violent at any point?
user1: Yes it does. The two mighty superheroes get into serious combat and began trying to destroy one another.
user2: Ah I see. So you said Superman tries to expose Batman through Daily Planet articles...does this mean the movie primarily takes place in Metropolis, as opposed to Gotham?
user1: Yes. Another key scene is when Lex Luthor kidnaps Lois and Martha Kent to bring Superman out of exile. 
user2: Is Superman able to rescue them both?
user1: Well there's a twist to it. Luthor demands that Superman kill Batman in exchange for Martha's life.
user2: Oh no! Does Superman end up killing Batman?
user1: Well Superman attempts to explain the situation to Batman but Batman fights him and eventually subdues him.
user2: How does Batman subdue Superman?
user1: I'm not sure with the details but eventually Batman saves Martha and Lex luthor gets arrested. 
user2: Do Batman and Superman ever become allies?
user1: No superman is eventually pronounced dead and Batman shares his regret to Diana about how he failed Superman. He then comes up with a team of metahumans to protect the world in Superman's absence.
user2: Who pronounces Superman dead? I thought he couldn't die, except to Kryptonite!
user1: Well due to the scheme that Lex Luthor put in place, Batman had to leave and go save Martha. But Batman confronts Lex Luthor while he's in prison
user2: What happens in this confrontation?

conversation:
user1: Fair movie. Can't wait to see the next and when Superman will rise from the grave.
user2: Yes, agreed.
user2: The graphics were outstanding.
user1: I was not impressed with the person they picked for Wonder Woman. In my opinion could have done better.
user1: I liked the graphics. Godd job.
user2: I was just thinking that. Good catch
user2: Well I liked Wonder Woman, but not the new Batman.
user1: I really didn't care for that Batman. The Wonder Women did fight well. That part impressed me. She held her own. I didn't like her as a actress.
user1: The Krpto monster was great. 
user1: The Lex Luther story could have been better.
user1: Overall not a bad movie. I would watch it again.

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hello?

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: hi
user2: have you seen Batman vs Superman?
user1: what did you think of the Batman vs Superman movie?
user2: Wow that really seemed like two action figures just tossing each other around. I wonder what was the point of it. It should have been more fun I mean it is based on comic books. Why so serious?
user1: I agree with the critical response.
user1: and you,lol
user1: Ben affleck as batman was awful.
user2: same. Lex kind of deteriorats. Nice of them to finally feature Superman and Batman together though.
user1: Ya the concept was fun but did not workout well as a movie.
user2: Not so much. Dark Knight did a much better job caturing the theme
user1: I can see why rotten tomatoes only gave it 27%.
user2: At least General Zod had decent plot points.
user2: I am surprised CinemaScore gave it as high marks as they did
user1: Ya I suppose the gathering of kryptonian was somewhat interesting.
user2: I think they should have put Zod in the movie
user1: Ya, a B is very kind.
user2: The whole mother plot is ridiculous
user2: Batman is supposed to be smarter than that
user1: I think it is just confussing because of the shared name.
user1: But yes, he should be.
user2: weak
user1: Just silly.
user2: I mean these people spent millions of dollars on this project
user2: Also, superman dies?
user1: I don't think any of it is very believable.
user2: I thought that was his basic deal, that he was unkillable. I think they really missed the whole point. Also lex luthor, supervillain, is arrested?
user1: He is declared dead.
user2: Basically all the major characters fail their major reason for existing. Batman is stupid, Superman is mortal, and Lex Luthor is subject to arrest.
user1: A memorialnto a funeralis held
user2: Nice job, movie!
user2: I do not think they grasp the source material.
user1: I can't believe it a superhero genre film with such big stars could fail so miserably.
user2: But must be nice to be able to waste a fortune on an absurdist take on superheroes.
user1: lol.
user2: Like anything, art is always a reflection of the artist. To them, being a hero is being a loser.
user1: I blame director Zack Snyder but also however wrote the script.
user2: and the story is about redemption through ignorance
user2: Chris Terrio
user2: We should draft an open letter to him, explaining comic books in general, and the hero arcs of batman and superman in particular
user1: They just should have revised the plot or script or idea before making it at all.
user2: also the antagonist arc of lex luthor. He owes us a term paper for this
user2: absolutely
user1: ha, that is funny.
user1: I almost feel bad for Any adams having to be in it.
user2: production companies are too nervous about making money so they hire celebrity before considering talent
user1: She is such a better actress than this.
user1: I think they think anysuperhero movie is a win at the box office.
user2: I really feel bad for the whole company because of the absurd writing
user1: true.
user2: I wonder if the writer wrote something that was good though and somebody else involved destroyed it
user1: Well it has been nice chatting with you.
user2: ok thank you. Have a great day.
user1: Hope you get to watch a good movie sometime soon.
user1: You too.
user1: Bye.
user2: bye

conversation:
user2: hey
user1: hi 
user1: i hope u have a nice morning 
user2: I'm going to tell you about a movie, then you tell me if you want to watch it, I think, okay?
user1: yea sure , which movie ?
user2: I'd like it if you asked some questions about it.
user2: it's called batman versus superman
user1: wow, movie name itself  intresting 
user2: it has a rotten tomatoes score of 27 percent, which is very high
user1: oh so good
user2: It stars henry cavil and ben affleck
user1: what is the main line of movie 
user1: why named as batman and superman 
user2: batman is a character played by ben affleck, I don't know why it's called superman
user1: Both these characters are positive ones...then why are they against each other's
user2: unelss it has something to do with henry cavill's character
user1: I love Ben Affleck's movies. Hope this one is a good one. 
user1: Is it a violent movie?
user2: it has a rotten tomatoes score of 27 percent, which indicates that it is a very good movie, beloved by most critics
user2: it involves a battle, so it is most likely violent
user1: What is the rating PG -13 or a R rated movie?
user2: uh...
user1: Is there a female lead character?
user2: it takes place in gotham city, or metropolis
user1: I believe it takes place in a Metropolis 
user2: yes. Diane lane is martha kent. She is the star
user1: When did the movie release? 
user2: as you can tell, I am very familiar with this movie. It has a rating of 27 percent on rotten tomatoes, which is indicative of its quality
user2: this movie premiered in 2016
user2: it is also in color, I believe
user2: jessie eisenberg is lex luthor, the might villain
user1: Does one of the characters, either batman or superman die in the end?
user2: its 153 minutes long

conversation:
user1: Hey 
user2: Hi there
user1: How was the movie?
user1: I forgot what it's name was again?
user1: What was it called?
user2: Batman vs Superman
user1: Nice how did you enjoy it?
user2: I guess it was...okay?
user1: Yea I heard the reviews for it were up and down
user2: It was better than Man of Steel, but nothing compared to the Christopher Nolan Batman movies.
user1: Did you see it at home or in the Theaters? 
user1: Right Idk I feel like all the DC live action movies are meh
user2: Yeah, me too. I saw it at home, and it was the extended cut, so I can't speak to the quality of the theatrical cut
user1: Did they at least keep any of the comic info the same? I heard they where going with the doomsday story line
user2: Do you mind spoilers?
user1: It's fine I am always still ok with watching something after spoilers. :D
user2: Cool. They do have Doomsday, but that plot point doesn't show up until much later. It's the bad guy behind the scenes trope.
user1: O I still thought the lex's kid is dumb and I feel like the actor they picked to play him was blah. 
user2: Most of the movie is about an older, jaded Batman who thinks Superman is evil for indirectly causing all the havoc that happened in Man of Steel when he fought General Zod
user1: Did they at lest make cool batman gadgets ?
user2: They have Batman in power-armor and with a Kryptonite spear.
user2: But the gadgets aren't front and center
user1: I still want them just to take some of the animated movies and make them live action like super man all star boom! done perfect move. 
user2: And yeah, Jesse Eisenberg as Lex Luthor was an...odd choice.
user2: I haven't seen the animated films, but I hear they are excellent and far superior to DC's live action offerings.
user1: So what do you think is it worth checking out?
user1: yea when you get time check them out 1000% better
user2: Will do!
user2: Personally, I think you can skip it, but I also don't think it's so bad that you would regret it either. It's an average action flick.
user1: I was thinking about renting it or streaming it with my girl, but if its lame then...
user2: There are definitely better options out there.
user1: I guess I will have to pick something else 
user1: then.. 
user1: hmmm... Green Lantern jk jk 
user2: Oh dear XD
user2: Do you guys like the same type of movie?
user1: Most of the time, she is a nerd so I am a bit lucky :D 
user1: Whelp that's the timer. Later 

conversation:
user1: hey
user2: hello
user1: have you seen batman v superman?
user2: I really love Ben Affleck as Batman
user1: i actually agree. I thought he was a pretty good fit for batman.
user1: some people didn't like him as batman. 
user2: I didn't think the movie was that good overall though
user2: Not enough of a plot
user1: Yeah it left me disappointed as well but maybe thats because hollywood has been making an excessive amount of superhero movies. 
user1: i did like the scene where wonder woman made her appearance near the end.
user1: did you have a scene that you liked?
user2: I also liked the scene with Wonder Woman
user1: I will say this they did do a solid job with the special effects and graphics in batman v superman. 
user2: The movie was definitely missing some plot and character development, but the special effects were cool
user2: And there was lots of action to keep you engaged
user1: Yeah that it did have.
user2: What did you think of the Lex Luthor character? 
user1: I actually thought it was a good idea to cast jesse eisenburg as lex. i liked his dry humor in the film. 
user2: I agree. an unconventional choice, but it worked pretty well 
user1: very unconventional considering he looks nothing like the comic book character haha
user2: not the first person i would think to play a superhero villian
user2: but that's why i liked it
user2: the rest of the movie was so stereotypical superhero formula
user1: yeah the plot was lazy 
user2: are you team batman or superman?
user1: i got to go team batman 
user1: hes gonna need a lot of kryptonite though
user1: hbu?
user2: also team batman
user1: what did you think about the end scenes of the movie
user2: it got a little campy at the end for my taste
user2: and they were clearly setting it up for a sequel
user1: as they always do 
user1: it was nice talking to you im going to press the finish button.
user2: sequels = more money for the studio
user2: cool nice talking to you

conversation:
user2: yes
user1: Hello
user2: Hello, how are we going to talk about this movie?
user2: Hello, how are we going to talk about this movie?
user2: hablas en español o en ingles?
user1: Are you still here?
user1: Are you still here?
user2: Yes
user1: Are you still here?
user2: did you watch the batman movie ??
user2: Do you speak Spanish or English
user1: Did you leave before starting?
user1: Did you leave before starting?
user2: Do you speak Spanish or English
user2: Do you speak Spanish or English
user2: what did you think about the batman movie
user2: what did you think about the batman movie

conversation:
user1: Hi! I just watched "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice" and I have to say it's my favorite super hero movie from 2016! Have you seen it>
user2: yes i have
user2: i thought it was great
user2: yes i saw it
user1: I loved Henry Cavil's performance as Superman. I really believe that he had those powers! Who was your favorite character?
user2: i realy enjoyed batman
user1: Batman was a great character. His story arc was probably the strongest in my opinion.
user2: overall did you like the movie?
user1: Yes I really loved the movie and everything about it! It's one of my favorites.
user2: did you have a favorite scene ?
user1: I think I really enjoyed seeing how Batman and Superman interacted. What about you?
user2: i agree with you i enjoyed when they met up for the first time
user2: do you usually enjoy dc
user2: 8
user1: Yeah that was really surprising to see!
user2: *dc comic movies ?
user1: I'm not really into comics themselves but I love these super hero comic book movies. They really get my attention and keep me excitied.
user2: would you like to see more movies where two super heros team up ?
user1: I suppose so. I haven't tended to be into those sort of team movies or versus movies. But if I like the characters I don't see any reason that I would avoid the movies.
user2: did you see the movie in a theater or somewhere else?
user1: I saw it in theaters. Those sort of action movies are always best on big screens.
user2: yes i agree
user2: did you only watch it once?
user1: Yes. I only watch movies one time. I very rarely repeat movies multiple times.
user2: how did you like the villians in the movie?
user1: They were unique and strong characters. I felt their emotions and did acually feel bad for them.
user2: i agree with you
user2: was there anything you didnt like about the movie?
user1: Not really the whole movie was really well done and put together in a very succulent manner. I could barley take my eyes off the screen.
user2: did you think the movie was too long?
user1: No not at all. I know the actual length is over two hours but it hardly felt that way when I was watching it. I honestly felt like I had just sat down and then the credits started.
user2: would you want to see a sequel to this movi with both batman and superman in it?
user1: I think that would be an interesting sequel. I loved seeing how the two of them worked together and figure that could be improved.

conversation:
user1: Hey there, have you seen Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice?
user2: Yes, it was an ok movie.
user1: I though it was okay as well.  I did not care of Ben Affleck as Bruce Wayne
user2: I 100% agree. I wonder why they chose him over more obvious people who were better suited for the part. How did you feel about the story line?
user1: It seemed really long and drawn out.  Jesse Eisenberg as Lex Luthor was a bit strange in my opinion especially the jolly rancher scene.
user2: I actually think that Jesse Eisenberg was a great Lex Luthor. I can't really think of a better person to fill that role. I also approve of Henry Cavill  as Superman. Are you more for Batman or Superman?
user1: I am definitely more for Superman.  Henry Cavill is amazing for the part.  It really really bothered me when he died. How do you feel about Wonderwoman being in there?
user2: I am more for Batman. I mean he has no special powers just his money. That is awesome.
user1: Do you think Zach Snyder did a good job directing? 
user2: Wonderwoman seemed to be just added with no particular point. I mean I am sure it was to hint at the Justice League. 
user2: The movie was directed well but the screen writers should have done a little better. In my opinion. What would you have changed about the movie?
user1: I enjoyed how dark the filming was.  I have a soft spot for those.  Honestly I wouldn't have casted Ben Afleck and probably would have shortened the film just a bit more or would have split it into two movies.  What about you?
user2: Who would you prefer to play Batman? Christian Bale turned down the role if I remember correctly.
user1: You know I am not sure.  He's always been Batman to me so if not him then maybe someone that could hold the role better.
user2: That is what I was thinking. Christian Bale did a great job. How would you turn it into two movies?
user1: I would probably split it about halfway through and leave it on a cliff hanger.  Just so no one loses interest.  What would you like to change about the movie?
user2: Everything. Except Jesse and Henry. I feel like they shouldn't have made a movie putting them against each other or they maybe make another where Superman wins. Even it out a bit.
user1: I have to agree.  Maybe Jesse would have been more tolerable if he had been in a different situation. 
user2: I also think Martha should have been played by Julianne Moore. Not sure about Amy as Lois Lane either.
user1: Julianne Moore would have been perfect as Martha!  I don't care for Amy as Lois Lane tbh.  Maybe Bryce Dallas Howard would have been a better fit if they wanted a redhead.
user2: Ooh Bryce Dallas Howard...yes that would have been fantastic. They should have made that choice...What were they thinking?
user1: I have no clue.  Maybe she was just too busy with other movies.  I mean they recasted batman they could have recasted Lois Lane too
user2: This movie was 3 hours long of just bad casting choices.
user1: Yes it was!  For some reason it bothered me watching Lex take Zod's body and mutilates it into something terrible.
user2: I will say Gal Gadot was great as Wonderwoman but like I stated before. It didn't make much sense for her to be there. Possible sex appeal?
user1: I think so.  That and to get people all keyed up for Justice League and Wonderman in general.  She did do a great job though, she certainly fits the part.
user2: I will have to agree with you on that...weird. Then again, Lex is a weird guy even in the comics.
user2: Did it really explain why Batman thought Superman was a threat? For some reason I am coming up with a blank on that.
user1: I think just because Lex played them against each other.  Also because of what had happened with Zod before and the fact that Superman was kinda encroaching on his territory in a way.
user1: Then again realistically Batman really had no place to judge because he had been painted as a villain as well so he should understand first hand that possibly Superman wasn't malignant. 
user2: Yes I knew the fight against Zod had something to do with it. I mean there was a lot of damage done.
user2: Oh yes. This is very true. He was even on the run.

conversation:
user1: So we both saw Batman Vs Superman.  Did you like it?
user2: Not that much, I agree with the 4.9/10 rating. 
user2: wHAT WOULD YOU RATE IT?
user2: Do you normally like superhero movies?

conversation:
user2: HI
user1: ih
user1: hi
user2: I have one amazing movie to recommend 
user1: hihi have you seen this movie before?
user1: what movie is the one you want to recommend?
user2: Yes and that was amazing experience 
user2: the movie is Batman vs Superman
user2: Ben Affleck is Superman
user1: this is the movie we are supposed to talk about 
user1: So because Ben Affleck is superman, the movie is supposed to be better?
user1: are you a fan of ben Affleck?
user2: I like his acting like many ,and he did great job in this movie
user1: I also saw this movie, I thought it was decent
user1: the action was interesting and entertaining to watch
user2: Henry Cavill as Superman did also amazing part
user2: did you like Lex Luthor 
user1: what did you think about doomsday and wonder woman and the actors who play them?  Which character did lex luthor play?
user2: Jesse Elsenberg as Lex Luthor
user1: but what role did lex luthor play in this movie?  Is he the one that revive doomsday?
user2: he played in The Social Network
user2: lex corp mogul
user1: yep, he is the one that pitch batman and superman together and then revive doomsday, I thought he was being a bit frantic in this movie, the character he play
user1: I thought he was ok, kind of dark, but a bit erratic, I would think someone of his character in this movie would be a bit smoother consider the planning and mastermind he was doing 
user2: yes ,he went crazy time to time psychotic 
user1: yes, in this movie it seems like he was trying to portray having a split personality, I wonder when will they revive superman
user1: superman can not really be killed right?
user2: he was like in some hibernated condition 
user1: Yes, I don't think comics or movies killed off superman just yet, some other characters are really dead though
user1: What do you think about wonder woman and the one who played her in this movie?
user2: awesome 
user2: Betmen is really dark in this movie
user1: a little bit, he seemed filled with doubt until the end when he works with superman, plus he is the dark prince of gothem 
user2: yes,and the superman was scary at some moments
user2: 153 min good movie
user1: yes, he seem to have some hating in his character regarding tragedy with his lover.  Overall, I like the movie, I can not wait until they mixed these guys up with the xman characters on the big screen, as well as the avengers guys 
user2: yes 
user2: Diane Lane did amazing job to i like her very much
user1: ok, the finish conversation is ready, I am out of here hihi, it was nice talking to you

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: hello
user2: like the film?
user1: title?
user2: Batman v superman\
user1: oh
user1: not seen it
user2: it s fun
user2: 2016 movie with ben affleck and henry cavill
user1: oh cool
user2: “153 minutes of a grown man whacking two dolls together, has the definition of 'movie'changed from 'motion picture story that a human wrote on purpose' to '700 onlytangentially related 12-second grey and red vignettes’?”
user1: haha that is funny
user2: sure makes you want to watch it eh?
user1: lol
user1: what else?
user2: "The point of Batman v Superman isn't fun, and it isn't thinking, either. It's obedience. Thetheology is invoked ... to buttress a spectacle of power. And in that way the film serves asa metaphor for its own aspirations. The corporations that produce movies like this one, andthe ambitious hacks who sign up to make them, have no evident motive beyond their ownaggrandizement."
user1: wow deep
user1: lol
user2: Jesse Eisenberg is lex luthor
user1: oh cool i kinda like him
user2: haha yes
user2: "As the film progresses, Lex degenerates into a gibbering mad man, some strange mix ofthe Riddler and the Joker with a little bit of Mark Zuckerberg added for flair."
user1: haha
user1: harsh
user1: keep then comin
user2: directed by zack snyder
user1: sounds familiar
user2: yeah
user2: amy adams as lois lane
user1: hmmm
user1: i like her
user2: later dude
user1: bye

conversation:
user2: Hi!
user1: Hi
user2: Have you seen the movie Batman vs Superman?
user1: I have not
user2: Give it a try the next time you go to the cinema!
user1: Can you tell me a little about it? Who is in the movie?
user2: Batman vs superman is like connecting two different worlds, with different lore and super heroes!
user2: you have Ben Affleck as Batman and Henry Cavill as Clark Kent
user2: but in my opinion the role here that stand out among the others is the one of Jesse Eisenber as Lex Luthor
user2: Jesse Eisenberg
user2: the cast, as you can see, is really great
user1: I love all of those actors. This movie takes place before Wonder Woman and Justice League, correct?
user2: I can´t give you a precise answer but probably yes since this movie debuted first than those two.
user2: I wonder what they will try to do with this movies
user2: will they gather all of them in a movie in the future?
user2: would be nice
user2: I just hope they include joker in the future
user2: Batman without Joker loses some interest
user1: I completely agree. He is the perfect villain for Batman.
user1: Is there something you can tell me about the conflict between Batman and Superman? I assume "Vs" means they are fighting. How did it start?
user2: Good question :))
user2: I would say it started because  the figure of God as Superman conveys, could be a threat to human race. At least in BATMAN´S MIND.
user2: SINCE AS you know Superman cannot be killed
user1: So Batman is suspicious of him?
user2: More than suspicious, I would say that this battle was more one about egos that due to a real reasons. Batman did not think that Superman was needed 
user1: Does Batman doubt Superman's intentions? Or is just a difference of ideas?
user2: I would say that at the beginning he doubts of superman´s real intentions but as a new threat arises in the movie, they put behind their differences and decide to face the real enemy
user2: lex luthor
user2: any more question?
user1: Yes I could see how difficult it could be to see a God like figure. Does Batman have prior knowledge of Superman or is their first meeting in this movie? 
user2: I think we are done here :)
user1: I think you answered all of my questions. I will definitely check this movie out.
user2: I think this is their first meeting but I dont remember.
user2: Nice talking with you.
user2: Have a good day!
user1: It was nice chatting wiht you too. Have a great day!

conversation:
user1: Hi have you seen Batman Vs Superman?
user2: Yes I have seen parts of it
user1: What did you think of it? The reviews are super critical. 
user2: I did not think it was as bad as the reviews but not great either
user1: One critic said it was 153 minutes of grown man whacking 2 dolls together
user2: Not really but the plot is kind of unbelievable
user1: I would love to see Ben Affleck as Batman though
user2: Yes he is good
user2: Thought Superman should win this fight hands down
user1: I read that it was better than "Man of Steel" but worse than "Nolan's Dark Knight"
user1: Have you seen either of those for reference? I am a bit Batman lost honestly. 
user2: Wasnt Man of Steel the Superman movie?
user1: That would make sense!
user2: There have been so many Batman movies I am not sure which one that is
user1: So there is a mix of the Riddler and the Joker? That sounds interesting
user2: I havent liked the Batman movies themselves liked BAtman vs Superman better anyway
user2: Rotten tomatoes 27% guess that is really low
user2: Do you like Amy Adams as Lois Lane?
user1: I don't believe I have ever seen anything about Martha Kent, did you see the scene where she was kidnapped?
user2: Yes I think I remember seeing that
user2: That is how the lured Superman out to fight Batman I believe
user1: I did love her, perfect Lois Lane
user2: She looks different in this movie with the dark hair not the usual red
user1: Looks intense, that is where Superman confronts Luthor
user2: Superman could of just heat visioned Batman and the fight would be over in 2 seconds
user1: But seriously what about the proposal? With a letter?
user1: Superman died?!?!?!
user2: No, but Batman let him go after talking with him
user2: Batman had kryptonite weapons 
user1: That is crazy. I can't believe this story line
user1: your right it was unbelievable 
user2: Oh it says here he did die

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hello! How are you? So what is the title of the movie?
user2: Did you like the Batman vs Superman? that the title i got
user2: i am good 
user1: Oh I see! That sounds like a fun film. Why don't you tell me a little bit about it?
user2: th
user2: oops i hit enter to soon
user2: i liked it but it had really bad reviews
user2: it got a 27% from rotten tomatoes
user1: Okay. Like how bad? What do the reviews say about the movie
user2: out of 10 it got a 4.9 i like it but i guess  people didnt like the way it went dark and didn't like ben affleck
user1: Oh I see. Yeah I understand. What about the story? What is the movie about?
user2: it was an intro to all the dc characters so first half was building the story 
user2: superman and batman didnt agree much with each other but as the movie went on they had to work together 
user1: Okay sounds like there would be quite many characters. So what characters should I expect to see in the movie?
user2: wonder woman she was fantastic 
user2: and the guy who did the  facebook movie played lex luther  he killed the roll
user1: Oh wow. Didn't expect Wonder woman in this movie. Cool! 
user2: it was her intro before her first full movie
user1: I don't know if your document mentions anything about facebook movie but I don't know who the actor is. Did he do a god job?
user2: oh oops i am sorry your right. yes he was a great lex
user1: Okay I can't wait to see it then! Do the reviews say good thing about Lex's role?
user2: i am not if it says he is great it does talk to his part  in kidnapping lois 
user1: Sounds intense. The plot seems like it's taking strange turn. Now Lois is involved in the core plot!
user2: yes her and martha kent are both taken which make batman and superman have to work together to save them and confront lex
user1: Hmmm you mentioned Batman and Superman at first disagreed. And now they are working together. I see! how interesting!
user2: yea they did fight but superman asks for batman's help to save martha
user2: they both had mothers by the same name 
user1: Oh I see. Martha Kent is then Superman's mother?
user2: adoptive mother but yes
user1: Okay now things get complicated. At first Lois is kidnapped and now Martha Kent is involved. A bit complicated I think?
user2: very much so because superman  "dies" in the movie at the end"  kinda
user2: his coffin levitates so not sure if the funeral is the last we will see of him
user1: Oh wow. He dies? Coffin?? So he is buried?? That is sad. Who could kill Superman??
user2: it does say but the last thing before we learn of his death he is confronting lex on the scout ship
user2: but you do know that after the lose of super man batman feels regret and want to protect the people in supermans's absences
user1: Oh busted! so what becomes of Lex?
user1: Oh I see! That sounds like there would be more sequels coming!
user1: It was nice talking to you! Cheerio!

conversation:
user1: Hi there
user2: hello there
user2: Did you like Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice ?
user1: Although a bit long, I did like the film.  What about you?
user2: It was too much "actiony" for me,  I like a movie that has more of a plot than just shooting and beating each other up. 
user1: I can see that.
user1: How did you like Ben Affleck as Batman?
user2: He was ok.....wouldn't be my top choice.  
user2: Did you like him as batman ?
user1: I agree.  I think he did an alright job.
user1: You think the ratings are accurate?
user2: I couldn't believe they tapped Jesse Eisenberg as Lex Luthor lol .
user2: Definitely.....the ratings are on point. 
user2: Although I did like Diane Lane in the movie.....I usually always like her roles in movies. 
user1: She does a good job as Clark Kent's mother.  Very good mom vibe from her
user2: Yes....she always plays her part to a t !
user1: I liked Jesse Eisenberg as Lex luther.  I wonder if they will stick with him in the future
user2: Really ?   Wow
user2: I didn't......I liked him in adventureland
user1: Zombieland for me
user2: Lol
user2: Yeh rotten tomatoes got it right with their score
user2: I've never liked the superhero vs superhero movies for some reason
user1: This one in particular, superman would just destroy batman
user2: Agreed.......he's "super" man for christs sake.  Nobody can beat superman. 
user2: Except kryptonite man
user1: of course
user2: I liked Nolans "Dark Knight"  alot
user1: I agree.  I loved that trilogy.
user1: The "save martha" twist for this movie kind of killed it for me.
user2: Can't believe in this movie....Bruce Wayne saw superman as a threat....unless I was missing something 
user2: Lol.....yeh me too
user1: I think he had a problem with Superman and the destruction he has caused and the future destruction he may bring.
user2: Did you like this movie better than "Man of Steel" ?  
user2: Ah ok.....yeh that's right.
user1: I have always been a big fan of Superman, but its hard to make a decent movie with him as the lead.
user2: I always liked the very first superman movies from 78,  81,  83
user2: With christopher reeves as the lead.
user2: Yeh as far as these superhero movies go.....i'm burned out on them. 
user2: I feel like most of the critics. 
user2: Why did you leave ?
user2: So we talk for 15 minutes and you leave and watch them not try to pay me. 

conversation:
user1: suh dude
user2: Hello.
user1: hows it goin
user2: Glad it's the end of the week. Ready to watch some movies and relax.
user1: oh yea that sounds great
user1: where are you from?
user2: Northeast Ohio, where we just had another snowstorm.
user1: ah damn
user1: florida here
user2: Lucky you. So any good movies out there you'd recommend from here?
user1: black panther was pretty good
user1: batman vs superman was okay :D
user2: Still have to see Black Panther. You know, I don't remember if I watched batman v superman. What's it all about?
user1: the plot is in the title lol
user1: it was okay honestly...nothing memorable
user2: I don't get any of that info here. 
user1: i have to ask...are you an ohio state fan?
user2: Yes and no, but I still hope for the Browns someday........... What actors are in the movie, batman v superman
user1: ben affleck
user1: diane lane
user2: Awww, I remember now. I might have watched it.
user1: i thought the browns would have been better this year honestly
user2: Us NE Ohioans are die hard fans, I'll tell ya. Do you know the rating of the movie?
user1: it's bad haha like 29 percent on rotten tomatoes
user1: Dolphins fan here :P
user2: Lol. That's funny. Maybe that's why I don't remember watching it.  You know we also have Lebron here too. You follow basketball?  Also,who directed the movie, so I stay on script?
user1: zack snyder
user1: yea i do and yea i know you got lebron ;) we had him for a while too
user2: Oh yea, that's right. lol - almost forgot.  I never heard of director zack snyder.
user1: he does comic book movies
user1: 300
user1: watchmen
user2: The movie 300? 
user1: yea he directed that
user2: Now that was a good movie, I thought. Ever been to Ohio?
user1: no i've never been
user1: i can't see myself going to cleveland
user2: It's not so bad. Good restaurants here, rock n roll Hall of Fame, etc. Anything else I should know about the movie?
user1: don't watch the sequel to it.
user2: There's a sequal?

conversation:
user1: hello so you should see this movie batman vs superman. it is from the dc extended universe and it is Ben affeck in it
user2: Thanks for telling me, it sounds very interesting, what genre is it?
user1: and they are right, its probably a spectacle of power. Its is an action movie from the dc universe
user1: yes and the joker was kind of like Mark Zuckerburg
user2: Ah i have always liked action movies, they are very fun to watch and enjoyable
user1: this is the first movie with batman and superman featured together
user2: Does it have any other superheroes in it?
user1: diane lane is supermans mom
user1: yes wonderwoman
user2: She is a good a very good actor and thats amazing
user1: its her first action movie with the other superheors
user2: I am sure it would be a great film to watch
user1: one reviewer said its like of like 2 grown men wacking two dolls together, this was done on purpose
user1: rotton tomatos only gave it 27% so i dont think they were onboard with it
user2: Im sure it was, it would create more action in the film and more controversy
user2: Well the film is not for everyone but i am sure it is great
user1: better than man of steel it says, but not as good as Nolans "The Dark Knight" batman reboot
user2: Oh that was a good film, i remember that one
user2: I hope this one is the same
user1: metacritic gave this a 44/100 and a cenama score of B
user2: They are being very harsh with the score really, a star like Ben Afflec would not be in a film that bad
user1: i suppose that bruce wayne saw superman as an unchecked threat of power and decided that someonething should be done to curb him
user2: Well it is basically money versus super powers so depending on what bruce wayne can get it would be difficult for him
user1: batman still had some heart in him though as he saved supermans mom after superman said save Marta
user1: superman happened to be exposing bruce wayne in daily planet articles
user2: Well im sure they will have to work together at some point as they are both super heroes
user1: after supermans death luthor was gloating at superman from prison that now the world will be percieved as non safe
user2: Wow. surely other superheroes will have to come and help if the world turns upside down
user1: yes, bruce wayne at funeral was telling supermans mom how he intended to get a group of superheroes together to fight threats
user2: Not only does this film sound good but also a sequel if that happens
user1: and supermans mom gives lois and envelope containing a ring from Clark/superman
user2: No way, that might give her superpowers then aswell
user1: luthor was also collecting kcryptonite

conversation:
user2: hi there
user1: Hi, what is the name of the movie?
user2: Matman v Superman
user2: Every seen it ?
user1: No, I haven't.... what is it about?
user2: Its about a few things
user2: but mostly hoe batman was not feeling superman 
user2: he thought that a man with superpowers was just bad for the world
user2: so he tried to stop him
user2: but then you know  how these movies goes, there are way more targets going on around thm
user1: so batman was against superman? I am not a huge fan of super hero movies, do you think I would like it?
user2: they have to focus on that to save the people
user2: Yea batman wanted to stop him
user2: batman doesnt like the supernatural 
user2: mostly bc of when they fight, so many other peple get hurt
user1: hmmm that makes sense
user1: I can see Batman's side
user2: oh yeah totally
user2: jsut the way it went about was wrong
user2: things happen that are pretty bad between them
user2: zack snder directed am ok film
user2: there are alot of people who dont like it thouugh
user1: would you recommend it?
user2: I mean it depends
user2: have you even seen any of the DC film movies?
user2: Or a fan of good visuals?
user1: A few of them I think. Not a big fan of super hero movies, but I like good visuals
user2: wel that part of the movie is good
user2: alot of figh scenes
user1: Awesome, that sounds very cool
user2: fan of Ben Affleck?
user1: Yes, I love his acting!
user2: His batman is pretty ok
user2: not the best, in my opinion, but watchable
user2: any other questions you got for me/
user1: No, It sounds great! I'll have to check it out. 
user2: your;'re not done asking questions
user2: have to be 15
user1: When did the game come out? 
user1: movie*
user2: It came out in 2016
user2: people kinda of hated it
user2: 4.9/10 rating
user1: Oh so pretty recent. 
user1: Any other famous actors in it?
user2: Yep Henry Cavill is superman
user2: you should see it
user2: grreat talking, we can end noe
user1: Any other movies he is in?

conversation:
user2: Hi. Did you like this movie?
user1: Hi, I like the actors in this movie but I didn't like the movie much. How about you?
user2: I liked the actor playing Lex Luthor but not Batman.
user2: I thought Wonder Woman was the best aspect of the movie.
user1: I can agree with that, I really like Gal Gadot
user1: I haven't heard of the actor playing Lex Luthor
user2: I thought he brought a new-age tech-iness to the villian.
user2: Superman to me is pretty ageless... too goodie two-shoe and boring.
user1: That definitely sounds interesting about Luthor, and yeah I generally prefer Marvel heroes
user1: I'm most familiar with those characters and movies
user2: I think the Critic's response is rather funny... as I do agee marvel movies tend to just advertise their own product.
user1: Yeah I liked the critical reviews too, I think they're funny. They seem pretty harsh in regards to cohesiveness of the plot.
user2: I also don't get why it too Superman 18 years to decide he didn't like Batman and to do something about it... being the plot of this movie.
user2: It is easy to understand why humans dislike superman and his species as they wrecked havoc on earth pretty quick.
user1: Yeah that's a good point. Also it seems to me that a fight between batman and Superman would be pretty skewed in Superman's favor realistically
user2: Yeah but batman has to represent technology and money.
user1: That's true, do you think he could be representative of societal and governmental resistance to superman?
user2: Possibly. Wonder what is the symbolism of both their mothers being named Martha.
user1: I didn't even notice that at first, that is an interesting point. Seems like it must not be coincidence
user2: Emphasizes they both put themselves first before realizing that Lex Luthor is playing them both.
user2: I'm glad they teamed up together but I still dont really see why Superman dislikes Batman so much.
user1: I don't see why either, it just says Superman dislikes Batman's "form of justice."
user1: I'm not entirely sure what that means and it seems like the two have pretty similar goals
user2: Perhaps it is because he's a vigilante and hides his identity. But then so does superman... and all it takes for him is a pair of glasses for some reason.
user2: At least batman feels bad about how poorly relations went with Superman. Too bad Superman had to die.
user1: Yeah true, maybe he sees Batman as too brutal or extreme? I'm really not sure why he'd feel the way he did
user1: Yeah Batman seems like he might have the better conscience here
user2: I like that the soil on his coffin levitates. You know Superman isn't dead!
user1: Yeah that's a fun detail, definitely leaves the story open to continuation, or at least lots of fun questions for viewers
user2: Do you know if wonder woman will help Bruce form the team of meta humans to protect earth?
user1: I could definitely see that happening, I think Wonder Woman might be detached enough from the conflict to see that as most beneficial
user2: I think this movie deserved more than the 27% rotten tomatoes score. I didnt read any comics but I thought it was at least a fun movie desrving of more positive review.
user1: I thought the review was pretty harsh too. I think Rotten Tomatoes especially tends to be pretty extreme with ratings.I agree, I've seen better superhero movies but this one was entertaining enough
user2: I am curious what alien threats might come while Superman is dead. And which metahumans will choose to help Batman.
user1: That is interesting, and I wonder if their might be a sort of power void that'll be filled with superman gone. Not that he was anyone's leader necessarily but he's obviously a powerful figure
user1: And if any meta humans sympathetic to superman would refuse to help Batman
user2: That's a good point. I wonder who else dislikes Batman's justice?
user1: True true, I'm sure superman isn't alone in that
user2: I know nothing of the comics and am excited to see where the story goes!
user2: I wonder if Superman will become bad? Like if he is risen from the dead. Zombie Superman?
user1: That could be a really interesting twist! Maybe Luthor or another villain might even try to use whatever superman becomes as a weapon for their cause
user2: I would hope Superman's grave isn't easily accessible!
user1: Yes hopefully not!

conversation:
user2: hello
user2: This was a great movie
user1: Yes it was, what the name?
user2: Batman verses Superman
user2: Have you seen it
user1: Okay, I remember now!
user1: Yes
user1: It was great
user2: Ben Affleck did a pretty god job I was kinda suprised
user1: It he plays a good Batman.
user2: and it was the first time that introduced Wonder Woman
user1: Yes that is true
user2: I also think Diane Lane played a good Martha Kent
user1: I don't recall her role that well.
user2: I know Batman thought Superman was a threat
user2: Lex Luthor tried to use Batman to get rid of Superman
user1: Yes he did, but was wrong
user2: yep
user1: I like Lex Luthor
user2: It was crazy when Lex kidnapped Marth Kent
user1: I can't remember that sceen
user2: At first Batman wasn't listening when Superman was trying to tell him about his mom being kidnapped
user2: but what stopped Batman was when Superman said his mothers name 
user1: Batman does have listening problems
user2: yep
user1: But Batman is a good guy
user2: I think it deserved better score from the critics
user2: it was sad when Superman died
user1: Critics are not nice
user1: Is he dead, really?
user2: and then at the funeral Bruce Wayne decides to get all the metas together to fight evil
user2: only for a little while
user1: That a good Idea
user2: that is how the Justice league was formed
user1: I did not know that
user2: yep

conversation:
user2: What's up?
user1: Hey! Did you like Batman v Superman?
user2: People would hate my by saying this but yes because of Wonder Woman mainly lol.
user2: How about you?
user1: That's funny! I love Wonder Woman. I thought Ben Affleck was great and Amy Adams; I really like it
user2: I know right?! I mean they could've done a better job only if Warner Bros would just leave it to Zack Snyder but youre right. Batfleck did not disappoint! haha
user1: A critic did say "153 minutes of grown man whacking two dolls together, has the definition of 'movie' changed from 'motion picture story that a human wrote on purpose' to '700 onlytangentially related 12-second grey and red vignettes’?”
user1: But I think that is too harsh, what do you think?
user2: Pfft, these critics are always harsh to these DC movies.
user1: Lol! What would rate it out of ten? (Rotten tomatoes gave 4.9/10)
user2: Haha it should be at least 6 to me.
user1: *would you rate it out of ten
user2: 7 if only Jesse Eisenberg was not a miscast.
user2: I mean I like him as an actor but I know Lex Luthor when I see one lol
user2: Did you see him in the last part of Justice League? They shouldve gone with that version of Lex played by Jesse in the first place!
user1: Interesting! One critic said ""As the film progresses, Lex degenerates into a gibbering mad man, some strange mix ofthe Riddler and the Joker with a little bit of Mark Zuckerberg added for flair."
user2: Sorry different movie haha;
user2: I might agree to that haha.
user1: lol! Do you think people just think of Jesse Eisenberg as only Mark Zuckerberg now? lol
user2: I cant say for other people but to me I again I like him as an actor and Mark Zuckerberg aint human, hes a reptile! sshhh, ;)
user1: That's so funny! Is that a David Ike reference?
user2: You know it. :D
user2: Remember the scene where Martha was saved by Batfleck?
user1: One critic said, "As the film progresses, Lex degenerates into a gibbering mad man, some strange mix ofthe Riddler and the Joker with a little bit of Mark Zuckerberg added for flair."
user2: And Martha was like yeah, you look like a friend of my alien son, you have a cape you weirdo. Remember that? That shit was funny.
user1: Do you think that critic has a point? Did you notice any sinister symbolism or even illuminati symbols?! LOL
user1: I actually don't remember that part, but I did think the movie was funny
user2: Youre being weird, what illuminati symbols!?
user1: I am! 
user1: I mean just do you think it was sinster?
user2: s
user2: Sinster?
user1: Do you think it was fair for the critic to compare it to Heath Ledger's former performance?
user1: Did you get that kind of tone? 
user2: It is never fair!
user2: Heath Ledger is a legend for that role!
user1: lol true!
user2: Even Anne Hathaway!
user2: For Catwoman!
user2: Haters said they were miscasts.
user2: Lex Luthor was the only miscast!
user1: Once critic said “better than Man of Steel but below the high bar set by Nolan's Dark Knight”

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: HELLO
user2: Have you ever seen this movie?
user1: WHAT IS THE MOVIE? 
user1: I CAN;T SEE MOVIES
user2: Okay. It is Batman V Superman Dawn of Justice
user1: NO I NOT SEEN IT
user1: WHAT IS IT ABOUT?
user2: It's the two superheroes fighting. I have never seen it
user1: OK
user2: It got some pretty bad ratings
user1: WHO IN IT?
user2: Ben Affleck
user1: WHAT?
user2: How about you turn off all caps?
user1: ok
user2: It was directed by Zach Snyder
user1: i see better with cap?
user1: ok
user2: The Metacritic score was only 44/100. Okay then, whatever works.
user1: that low
user2: Yeah, it's not surprising though
user1: ok
user2: The story is pretty bland
user2: Have you heard of this movie at all?
user1: no
user2: Do you know who Amy Adams is?
user1: no
user2: She plays Lois Lane in the movie
user1: ok
user1: that good
user1: Have you seen this movies?

conversation:
user2: watched any good movies lately?
user1: No but I watched a pretty bad movie the other day. Batman vs. Superman.
user2: Oh Im not into comic books much. who is in that one?
user1: Ben Affleck was Batman and Henry Cavill was Superman
user2: ahh I usually enjoy affleck movies. Just never been into superman or batman really
user1: I generally like super hero movies but this one was terrible. I don't recommend it. It only got 27% on Rotten Tomatoes.
user2: oh wow! my husband likes marvel movies but we might have to skip this one
user2: how long is it?
user1: 153 minutes of boredom 
user2: yep no thank you lol
user1: It's a shame because the last DC Comics movie Wonder Woman was so good. 
user2: i usually prefer comedies or romance. do they get into much romance with clark kent and lois lane?
user2: Oh my husband loved wonder woman, i never got into it
user1: Amy Adams played Lois Lane but her character wasn't central to the plot.
user2: oh okay. I do like amy adams
user2: how old is the movie? isnt it newer?
user1: Yeah she's a good actor. The worst part was probably the bad guy Lex Luthor.
user1: It came out in 2016 so pretty new.
user2: Is there much humor? More action?
user1: There isn't really any humor. It's mostly action scenes. The climax is a huge fight scene between Batman and Superman.
user2: Who wins? ;-)
user1: It's frustrating and unpleasant to watch two good guys fight each other.
user1: Well it seemed like Batman was winning. He almost killed Superman.
user2: Yeah I couldn't imagine either of the losing really
user1: Personally, I think Superman should have won because he's the one with the real superpowers. Batman just has money and technology. 
user2: Yeah I guess I'd agree with that!
user2: Thanks for your suggestion, I think I will stay away from that movie
user1: Haha no problem. Thanks for listening to my complaints.
user2: My husband can rent it if he's really interested :-P
user1: Maybe he'll enjoy it if he keeps his expectations low.
user2: I will warn him haha
user1: The ending is so cheesy. They make is seems like Superman is dead and everyone is at his funeral. Then the last scene shows the dirt on his grave levitating off.

conversation:
user2: Hi! Today we'll be discussing Batman vs. Superman!
user1: Hi, do you know the name of a movie we can dicuss
user1: Oh
user1: Can you tell me about Batman vs Superman?
user2: If you're a fan of superhero movies, this film is better than Man of Steel but not as good as The Dark Knight!
user1: I'm a big fan of super hero movies. So in order of greatness: Dark Knight, Batman vs Superman, and then Man of Steel?
user2: I would say yes to that. CinemaScore gave it a rating of B which is what I agree with. Are you a fan of Ben Affleck?
user1: I'm a fan of Ben Affleck. Where does the rate for a Ben Affleck movie?
user2: I honestly couldn't say, but he played Batman/Bruce Wayne and of course, is manipulated into battle with Superman!
user1: Who is the villain of the movie?
user2: It's Lex Luthor - he's the one who manipulated Batman into battling Superman. Have you heard of Jesse Eisenberg?
user1: I have heard of Jesse Eisenberg. He's in the film?
user1: Lex Luthor is the main antagonist?
user2: Yes he is! He plays Lex Luthor of LexCorp. He's a bad man! He tried persuading a senator into importing Kryptonite claiming he wants to use it as a deterrent against potential Kyrptonian threats. Of course, his persuasions were unsuccessful. 
user1: Who are the main characters of the film?
user2: Aside from Batman and Luthor, Henry Cavill plays Clark Kent/Superman, Diane Lane plays Martha Kent and Amy Adams plays Louis Lane!
user1: Is this more of a Batman film or more of a Superman film?
user2: It's a combination of both. I'd say equal. Clark sets out to expose Batman through Daily Planet articles while Batman sees Superman as a threat to humanity.
user1: If I'm not really into superhero films, why should I see this film?
user1: What are some of it's other good qualities?
user2: Are you a fan of director Zack Snyder? He directed the movie. Also, Batman and Superman eventually set their differences aside after Batman gains the upper hand in the fight, just before killing him, Superman utters "save Martha" to which Lane enter and explains he means save his mother. Batman backs away and refuses to let an innocent die and saves Martha. That was a great scene!
user1: It sounds good.
user1: Can you give me a synopsis?
user1: It's okay if you need to repeat yourself
user2: Basically, Lex Luthor manipulates Batman into a preemptive battle with Superman who Luthor is completely obsessed with fighting. After the save Martha scene, Batman refuses to kill superman and saves his mother.  Also, are you a fan of Wonder Woman?
user1: Let's say that I don't know who Wonder Woman is. Tell me about Wonder Woman.
user2: She makes her first live action cinematic portrayal in Batman vs Superman, so it's worth watching just to see that and learn! Seeing her in the same movie with Batman and Superman was entertaining!
user1: Sounds great.
user1: Does Wonder Woman have a major role?
user2: She doesn't. The major roles went to Batman, Luthor and Superman. The ending is quite sad as Superman/Clark Kent dies and a memorial is held for Superman.
user1: How long is the movie?
user2: It's 153 minutes but well worth watching to the end. Wayne speaks with Diana (Wonder Woman) and tells her he wants to form a team of meta humans to which he found in Luthor's files!
user1: Can kids watch this movie?
user2: I honestly don't know the rating, but from what I know of the plot, it should be safe for children. Children and adults alike will cheer in the very end when the dirt atop Clark Kent's coffin begins to levitate!
user1: How many thumbs up would you give this film?
user2: I can't honestly say about the thumbs, but I would give it a rating of B - which is what CinemaScore gave it. 

conversation:
user1: Hi how are you? have you seen Batman vs Superman? with Ben aflack and amy adams?
user2: Ben afflac is a good actor
user1: Yes he is but it looks like it didi not get very good reviews. like whacking two dolls together
user2: Amy Adams is playing Lois lane
user1: It is about batman and superman having a battle
user2: I agree.  Jessie Eisenberg is playing is playing Lex Luthor.
user2: Its better than the man of steel.
user1: that is what the critics say  but i have not seen either one of them yet
user1: it is the first time that wonder woman was portrayed in a live action movie
user2: Thats cool
user1: superman want to expose batman via the paper clark kent works at
user2: wow thats crazy
user1: batman sees superman as a treat to society
user2: I remember that in the movie.
user1: and want so extract kryptonite for the bottom of the Indian ocean
user2: wow. 
user1: and then lex luthor kidnaps superman's mom. I mean how is she?
user2: Later Luthor kidnaps Louis and Martha Kent.
user2: To bring Superman out of exile.
user1: looks like the team up at the end to rescue her and fight lex luther.
user2: superman has become a controversial figure.
user1: why is that?
user1: oh superman died
user1: i missed that
user2: I saw it
user2: Luthor is arrested.
user2: and batman confronts him in prison
user1: ho but the dirt over his coffin levitates. so i guess now he can come back 
user1: so they had a funeral for both superman and a separate one for clark kent.
user2: I hate lex luthor.
user1: he is evil
user2: I agree
user1: i have the finish coversation do you?
user2: I agree

conversation:
user2: Hello! So what did you think about the movie?
user1: I honestly thing that this movie has 2 really well cast actors and took a risk with Mark Zuckerberg as Lex. I personally really enjoyed the film and that it gets a lot of undeserved crap. I do agree that the movie was better than Man of Steel, but below the Nolan films. I think this movie really focused on getting into the action and I didn't feel bored at any point. I was however dissapointed that they tried using Doomsday so early.
user2: I also thought there were some great actors in the movie, bur I was peronally disappointed that there were only short, 12 second grey and red vignettes of real action!
user2: Sorry, multiple vegnettes, but were only about 12 seconds long each
user1: Completely Agree!
user1: What did you think about Zuckerberg as Lex?
user2: I did think it was better than Man of Steel, but way below the bar set for Nolan's Dark Knight
user1: Agreed!
user1: I do think it was a good movie to set up an extended universe
user2: I thought he was adequate, but he degrades into a madman, like a strange mix of the Riddler and the Joker
user2: *degenerates
user2: I agree totally!
user1: What do you think about the Rotten Tomatoes Score?
user2: I think they could have done better than Ben Affect for Batman though... even though I do like Affect
user1: I think so too!
user1: But supposedly he is retiring from the role before the next movie, so we will see how that goes 
user2: I think the Rotten Tomatoes score should have been better than 27% though...
user2: Oh wow
user1: Yeah, 27% is really low. I'd give it probably like a 65% but I don't mind mindless action
user1: I also think it's really stupid how both of their mothers were named 'Martha'
user2: I couldn't believe that Luther demanded Superman Kill Bat!man
user2: Me too
user1: I do like the kind of darker way they are taking things, with Batman not afraid of kicking some ass and killing some guys.
user2: I glad that Batman rescued Martha though
user2: While Superman confronted Luther on the scout ship
user1: Definitely!
user1: This movie did a pretty good job of telling a story
user1: But I don't like how they portrayed Doomsday
user2: I like how Batman confronted Luther in prison, and that Luther was arrested!
user2: I agree
user1: Hell Yeah!
user1: I hope Luthor gets out. It'll be cool!
user2: Yeah, me too
user1: What would you give it out of a 100
user2: Funny how Luther goats Superman's death made the world more vulnerable to aliens.
user2: I would give it about an 80... how about you?
user1: Yeah real talk. Like he just exposed Earth to get destroyed 
user1: Probably about the same actually!
user2: Right!
user2: Great minds think alike, lol!
user1: Definitely!
user2: How about the Metacritic score of only 44/100?!?
user1: The critics really layed into this one
user1: Everyone hates dc Lol
user2: Wow, that's harsh, just like Rotten Tomatoes
user1: Yeah it really is
user2: And the engagement fringe from Clark that Martha have to Los after his death almost made me cry!
user2: Los
user1: Yeah, that part was super sweet and sad
user2: And how the dirt from his coffin levited after the left... crazy!
user2: *they left

conversation:
user1: Hi! Have you seen this movie?
user2: No, I have not.  It seems like it's not that great of a movie since it has such bad reviews.
user1: I have seen a couple of the super hero movies but not this one.
user1: It is not that old of a movie but it must have really bombed at the theaters.
user2: The only actor I recognize on the list is Ben Affleck. 
user2: The critical responses seem pretty harse.  I don't think I would watch this movie.  How about you?
user1: The cast looks great. I have seen all of the other actors in big movies.  Too bad they didn't get a script to work with.
user1: Rotten Tomatoes really gave it a splat  I can usually trust them.
user2: Yeah I agree.  I think they should have had Christian Bale play Batman. 
user2: I'm not even sure what this movie is supposed to be about.  Do they fight each other or fight together?
user1: He was very good in that version. I don't think I would even watch this on TV.
user1: From what I just read it sounds like they don't trust each other at all and are somewhat at odds.
user2: This plot sounds really bad.  I don't like the idea of two super heroes existing in the same movie like this.  
user1: The backgrounds don't seem to flow too well.
user2: I agree.  It doesn't make sense for Superman to become "controversial" and Batman teaming up to defeat him.
user2: Batman technically doesn't have any super power like Superman does, so the match-up wouldn't really be fair or make any sense.  Batman only have technology and not super strength like Superman.
user1: It does seem that they must at some point join up rather than be at odds with each other since Lex Luther is around.
user2: Ok this clears it up a little.  
user2: It would have made more sense for them to team up and fight against Luther than for them to fight each other. 
user1: I think the script got too weighed down for kids to keep up with. Kipnapped parents and too super heros and villains.  Way too much for two hours.
user2: It also doesn't explain how Lois escapes as she was originally kidnapped by Luther.  Seems like a plot hole to me.
user1: I think there just seems to be too many characters.  It may have made a better book where people can take there time to read and follow the multiple plots.
user2: I agree.  The movie title also doesn't make sense because Luther isn't mentioned and he's the real enemy in the movie.
user2: Perhaps they should have made this into multiple movies to elaborate more on the story instead of making it all in just one movie.
user1: I am sure they expected every one to be a fan and clamor to theaters.  True maybe two parts would have worked.
user1: The ending sounds intriguing.  And finally superman is going to marry Lois!
user1: Part of this really does sound like a good movie. I am sure that it is difficult to balance action and plot development.
user2: It says that Superman died.  I'm guessing Lex Luthor killed him.  That seems like a bad ending in my opinion.  
user1: The ground moving at the end suggests that he will make a comeback for a sequel.
user2: Oh then perhaps he faked his death and they will make another movie with him coming back to team up with Batman to take down Lex Luthor.
user1: Hmmmmm maybe I would watch it on tv.
user2: That would be an interesting plot if that's the case.
user2: I would probably watch it on tv too if I had the time to.
user1: What do you think? Would you take the 21/2 hours to watch it?

conversation:
user1: Despite being a seemingly exciting movie idea, people didn't seem to like this move too much.
user2: I agree. It only received 27% rotten tomatoes.
user1: Even though superhero movies tend be fun for people, I think it's funny that the second critic says that the movie isn't fun, which defeats the purpose of the film in the first place.
user2: It does seem to have many "big" stars in it though. With Ben Affleck starring it in, I would have thought it would be funnier. 
user1: Maybe the fact that it was a particularly long movie didn't help its case, either. Sitting in a movie theater for 153 minutes sounds awful unless the movie is an absolute masterpiece.
user2: You are correct. I couldn't sit through a movie that long without a few bathroom breaks. I don't get the critics reference to a grown man whacking two dolls together. But then again, I usually do not agree with the critics opinions.
user1: I think it may refer to the hype of the movie, seeing Batman and Superman finally fight on the big screen reminds me of when I was a kid and playing with their action figures
user1: I would throw them at each other for "fighting"
user1: Usually I think critics tend to be too hard on superhero movies, but I definitely agree with the opinions of the critics in this particular article.
user2: I get it now. Thanks. This is probably why I never agree with the critics. I just don't "get it" most of the time. I am a little disappointed by the critics response though. It has a great group of actors including Holly Hunter who I think is adorable. 
user1: Yeah, in theory this movie sounds REALLY good. I'm generally a huge fan of superhero movies, but I also think that the DCEU suffers because it attempted to make a cinematic universe way too quickly
user2: I didn't see the movie so I can't agree or disagree with them, but it looks like most critics thought it was a bad movie. I wish we knew how much money the movie either made or lost. Sometimes, movie companies are not trying to make a GREAT movie. They are just trying to make money.
user1: That would be nice information to have for sure, the second critic even agrees that this movie was more intended to print money than to be a great film
user2: In reviewing the key scene talking about Batman viewing Superman as an threat to humanity is interesting.
user2: I wonder why?
user1: It's a pretty good concept in the movie, considering that Superman (Clark Kent) is also trying to undermine Batman for being a vigilante
user1: If the movie had focused more on these aspects the movie could have been better, in my opinion. It focused too much on two guys punching each other and hoping it looked cool.
user2: They both remind me of "The Arrow."  Maybe all superheros just want to be the ONLY superhero and save the world.
user1: Or at least have their own turf. In the movie, Bruce Wayne basically lives across the river from Clark Kent
user1: The No. 2 key scene where Batman is confused about "Martha" seems like a cheaply written way for Batman and Superman to become allies quickly
user2: Its interesting and a bit of a strange coincidence that both Batman and Superman's mothers' name was Martha. Wouldn't that be funny if we had found out the they were related!
user1: I'm sure there's some comic book run out there where that's true, it wouldn't surprise me!
user2: I would think they wouldn't need the cheap "Martha" tie. Two super hero's with good intentions should just naturally work together to save the world.  I guess even good guys have a big ego!
user1: Yeah, at least Batman has a moment to realize that he doesn't want another innocent person to die over his ego and lets Superman fight Luthor instead.
user2: Do we know why superman was in exile?
user1: Where does it say he was in exile? I don't remember that
user2: The first sentence in number 2. "Luther kidnaps the Kens to bring superman out of exile.
user1: Oh, sorry I was reading number 3! Yeah I believe in the movie a government building he is in explodes and everyone inside dies but him
user2: Was Superman really killed in the movie or did they just want the audience to think that?  Is that why the soil levitates above the coffin?
user1: I think we're lead to believe that superman was actually dead for the time being, because there's a kryptonite spear at play. The soil may be a reference that he is not completely dead and is "charging" his energy
user2: It is kind of strange that they start out fighting only to have Bruce Wayne feel guilty for failing superman.
user1: Maybe he didn't fully understand how Superman "works." As in he wanted him to be a good guy, but he couldn't get past Superman being an alien
user2: That's a good point. I forgot that Superman was from a different planet. I am curious as to what this team of metahumans would look like.
user1: He goes from being egotistical to wanting to build an entire group of superheroes together. That's character development for you I guess
user2: How long are we supposed to discuss this silly movie?
user1: Until we both have twelve responses
user1: So we're both good, I believe. It was nice talking to you about one of my favorite movie genres! Have a nice night.
user2: How do we know when we have 12?  Does it count for us?
user1: No, I just did
user2: Thanks!  You too!
user1: And I have a "finish conversation" button

conversation:
user2: Hey
user1: So what did you think of the movie?
user1: Did you agree with the critics?
user2: well to be honnest it was far from being as good as the man of steel
user2: i do agree with some of the critics
user1: I haven't seen that movie, is Heny Cavill in that movie also?
user2: i am not positive as im not good with actor names
user1: Do you watch a lot of superhero movies?
user2: no i mainly watch them with my family because they want to watch them
user1: What did you think of the portrayal of Lex Luthor?
user2: how do you feel about the critic that says "153 minutes of a grown man whacking two dolls together
user1: I think it's a pretty good joke.
user2: so how do you feel about clark trying to expose batman
user1: Not really his place to judge batman
user2: true but at the same token batman saw superman as a threat as well
user1: Well superman is a threat, he's more powerful than a nuclear strike.
user2: yes but have you seen or heard of superman being evil
user1: Morals are debatable 
user1: What did you think of Lex kidnaping clark's adoptive mother?
user2: it does not fit how lex would do things
user1: I agree, they did not handle his portrayal very well.
user2: do you think batman could really kill superman with a spear
user1: I don't know if he could kill him but he beat him
user2: so clarks coffin levitates
user1: Yea, he'll come back to life like most superheros
user2: i wonder if everyone felt like it was a ghostly presnce at first
user1: Wonder woman was my favorite part of the movie.
user2: why was that
user1: The only part of the movie that was different
user1: Also felt she was better acted.
user2: have you seen very many movies that had wonder women in them i have not so i have nothing to compare how she was portrayed
user1: No, hopefully she will get a movie soon.
user2: where do you think they could improve this movie
user1: I feel like the villain could have had a better plan
user2: what do you mean
user1: Kidnapping superman's mom was just lame.

conversation:
user1: Did you think this movie was as bad as I did?
user2: yes, probably the worst movie of the year.
user2: why didn't you like this movie?
user1: There wasn't any reason to care about who won or lost.
user2: ok. that makes sense
user2: I thought the story line was very contrived
user1: Batman and Superman were both unlikable and Lex Luthor was bad.
user1: Yeah I agree completely.
user2: Ben Affleck might have been the worst possible choice to  play batman
user1: They spent the entire movie building up this Batman vs Superman fight and then they reconcile just because their moms have the same name?
user1: I actually liked Affleck.
user2: I thought the only bright spot in the movie was diane lane's portrayal of martha Kent. She put a twist on the character that I didn't anticipate
user2: she was able to portray different levels to the character. if she had had a bigger role in the movie I think it would have improved the overall impression of the movie
user2: what did you think of gal gadot in this movie?
user1: Her limited screen time was good, but Wonder Woman being in the movie was pointless other than to tease the Justice League movie. Same with the Flash.
user2: i agree completely. I think that was their only objective
user1: She's wonderful though, the full length WW movie is actually the best thing DC has put out sans the Nolan trilogy.
user2: yeah. I'm really not surprised by the score this movie got on rotten tomatoes
user1: Not at all, it's a pretty accurate representation of the film I think.
user1: What do you think of Henry Cavill as Superman?
user2: As I was watching the film I couldn't help but think that ben affleck must not have prepared at all for this role. I think he just showed up to shoot the scenes and that's it
user2: Henry cavill was average at best. I can't say i was impressed by him , but at the same time, he was fine.
user1: Agreed. He's just kind of there. Not great, not bad, nothing to write home about.
user1: And that's just not enough for a leading actor in a film.
user2: right. he really needs to be something special if he's going to be the lead
user2: who do you think should have gotten that lead role?
user1: That's a tough choice. I'm not a particularly huge fan of the character to begin with to be honest.
user1: I think the real problem is the writing though.
user2: right. but there's no actor you think could make the character more interesting?
user1: Cavill could do better with decent writing I think.
user1: That's honestly the main issue.
user2: fair enough
user1: Now i'm all alone.

conversation:
user1: Hello, my name is Tony.
user2: Hello.
user1: Anything going on?  Know any good movies
user1: Know any good movies?
user2: I have been given the synopsis of Batman versus Superman, have you seen that one?
user1: I haven't but I hear its really good.  I am looking forward to seeing it.  Do you know anything about it?
user2: Yes, is stars Ben Affleck as Batman, and Henry Cabell as Clark Kent/superman.
user1: That sounds nice.  Is there a plot to the movie?  If its got Ben Affleck in it, then it must be nice.
user2: Batman feels that Superman has too much power and needs to be stop before he turns on the humans.
user1: Woah, that sounds crazy.  Does Batman have to use like a krytonite suit?
user2: He uses some kind of special suit that sort of evens the playing field.
user1: Ahaha.. that's funny.  Hmm.  Does Superman act like Batman is boring?
user2: No, he actually is able to fight him pretty well. One of the best parts of the movie is it introduces wonder woman played by Gal Gadot.
user1: Hmm.  That sounds crowded.  
user1: Does the movie sort of tie into the other Batman movies?
user2: Yes, it is tied to man of steel, suicide squad, wonder woman, and justice league.
user1: Oh, ok.  I guess there is a special series involved with those movies?
user2: Yes, it is pretty dark. Very moody.
user1:  Does the movies waiver on the side of Batman over Superman or do they try to keep it favorably balanced?
user2: Is seems like it's pretty balanced, Lex Luther is trying to cause trouble, and eventually a bigger villain appears that they have to fight together.
user1: Ha, that'd be a great interaction.  Lex Luther and Batman.  Does Superman get jealous?
user2: Batman find some crap tonight, and that helps able to fight him better.
user1: Lol, thats cool.
user2: Ha ha, that is supposed to say kryptonite.
user1: Oh, that makes more sense.
user1: Pff.. well the movie sounds great.  I hope to catch it on the television or somewhere..
user2: At the end the real bad entity, ends up killing superman, but not before they are able to defeat it.
user1: Wow, that's a bummer and surprising.
user1: Hmm, ok.
user1: When was it made?
user2: At the end, it shows his grave, or coughing, and things are levitating off the top of it, so I have a feeling he'll be back.
user1: I was gonna say (Superman doesn't ever die :/)
user2: All in all it's a pretty good movie even though the critics didn't like it very much.
user1: Ahright, well thats been good.  I liked the information and the talk and hope to see it sometime!
user2: It looks like we're done, have a good day.

conversation:
user2: hii
user1: hi
user2: Have you seen Batman v superman?
user1: Yes
user2: What did you think about it?
user1: I thought it was too long and I didn't really understand the plot
user2: Ah, yeah? I hear ya
user2: I liked man of steel more for sure
user1: I agree, that was better
user2: I thought that lex luthor in this one was a bit whack
user2: I just don't feel like jesse eisenberg was the right guy for the job
user1: I like him as an actor but he was a strange Lex Luthor
user2: yeah, I agree
user2: I liked the scene where
user2: superman was like "consider this mercy" when he spared batman lol!
user1: That was a good one
user2: Was there anything you liked about it?
user1: I liked Gal Godot as Wonder Woman
user2: She's a hottie :)
user1: She was very good
user2: Definitely was great in justice league too
user1: I have not seen that yet
user2: Yeah it's much better than this movie
user1: Good to hear
user2: Do you like superhero movies?
user1: Yes
user2: Cool. 
user1: Yes
user2: Do you like batman or superman more?
user1: Batman
user2: haha I like superman much more :)
user1: I find him boring sometimes. Batman has more obvious flaws

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello there.  So, Batman vs. Superman eh?  Critics didn't much care for it.
user2: Yeah, I didn't bother watching it. Did you?
user1: I did.  I don't agree with the critics.  I think it was a goofy fun superhero movie.  Are you a fan of the genre?
user2: Yes, I loved Black Panther. What made you want to see Batman V Superman?
user1: I'll pretty much see any big budget thing in theaters, not much to do in this small town.  But, I must say, mediocre performances from everyone, but Jesse Eisenberg did play a descent into madness pretty admirably.
user2: I like Ben Affleck as a director but I think he's a horrible Batman. Do you think they're going to make a sequel?
user1: I do think they're setting everything up - the justice league type thing, though I heard that didn't do great either.  I can't imagine Affleck is going to play Batman half as long as Christian Bale did though.
user2: I didn't catch Suicide Squad either. I think the last DC movie I saw was the last Nolan Batman. Why do you think DC has trouble compared to Marvel Studios?
user1: I think DC just is more concerned with getting big named actors (Affleck, Amy Adams, Jesse Eisenberg) than they are actually developing story.  Batman v. Superman felt kind of rushed, and even with the star power in the movie, it just didn't do enough for it critically.  Hiring already established actors for these roles is rough unless they are exceptional actors.
user2: Tjat'
user2: That's a great point. Marvel doesn't mind taking risks with quality but lower tier actors. Who do you think would have been a better Batman?
user1: It's a hard role to cast really.  An undeveloped person with a deep voice, and big muscles haha.  Someone new to the scene would have been great.  But, the one thing I'll say was interesting in the movie to me was Superman being the borderline villain, it's how I imagine the real world would react to him.
user2: That's interesting. I heard geeks were angry that Superman would murder because he never did in the comics. Do you think Superman was a better character than Batman in this film?
user1: I think even though Affleck's delivery was weak, Superman was the more boring of the two.  I mean, in reality he just didn't do much.  The only real star of the movie was Lex Luthor, but I suppose there isn't anything wrong with the villain surpassing the heroes in these movies, it's what got the Bond movies so good.
user2: Yeah Superman is usually a bland character because he has too many strengths. How did Eisenberg do as Luthor?
user1: He portrayed him as a kind of out of control Mark Zuckerberg.  Eccentric but likeable at the beginning, but then betrayer/madness as the movie progressed.
user2: I was suprised by the casting because he doesn't really look like a Lex Luthor. Do you think Zack Snyder is losing his touch as a director?
user1: I think you might say that, but I mean..I think even a master would have difficulty working with the script.  The one part that stands out really bad is Batman is about to kill Superman but Superman asks him to "save Martha", who is Superman's adopted mother that shares a name with Batman's.  This makes him halt...but I just feel like it was cheesy, doesn't it sound it?
user2: That's so weak! How would you have changed that scene?
user1: It's a tough thing, because just the way the movie was set up I don't know how they could swap it around.  I think that's my gripe, Superman wanting to kill Batman was all because Luthor wanted him to, and kidnapped his mom - this seems a little extreme, and could have been brought to a head better.
user2: How did they set up the movie? Why did Batman and Superman cross paths in the first place?
user1: They just kind of had them in the same area.  Batman was basically edgy and started mutilating people.  Superman felt he was being extreme and wanted him to stop.  But it doesn't make any sense to me, because Batman has always been written as the character that like does it because he has to...if there was an all powerful god who could end all the crime, I doubt Batman would be patrolling, right?
user2: BRB in a sec
user1: That's ok, for when you get back - the cheesiest part of the movie is Superman "dies" but it's heavily hinted at the end that he isn't actually dead.  The fight scene was really good, but having a character who clearly isn't going to die "die" kind of ruined it for me.
user2: Sorry about that. Yeah I think false death cop outs are horrible.
user2: Do you think it deserves it's rotten tomatoes rating?
user1: Yes and no.  As I said, if you go in there not expecting much, you're going to walk away pleasantly surprised.  If you go in there expecting The Dark Knight's brilliance, well...you're going to get a remorseful Batman at the end despite no remorse shown throughout the entire movie, lol.
user2: I see, is it worth a netflix watch?
user1: I think so, if as you said you are a fan of the genre.  I always like to see what new people bring to the roles.  All my gripes about it are just that, gripes.  But, they do have some good moments, like as I said, Eisenberg's performance.  Wonder Woman the little bit she's in it is pretty good too.

conversation:
user1: Hello, Have you seen the movie batman vs superman?
user2: Hi, I have not
user2: I am interested in seeing it. Who are the main characters?
user1: It has ben aflek as batman, one of the worst to play the role in my oppinion.
user2: Oh no. Does he do a bad job in that role?
user1: Jessie esenberg was good as lex luther, he does crazy well
user2: What happens in the movie?
user1: Amy adams is quite foxy as the intelligent lois lane
user2: Oh ok. Can you tell me more about the conflict in the movie and how it's resolved?
user1: batman and superman fight, wonderwoman gets intrduced into modern dc universe
user2: Who wins?
user1: superman "dies" and is buried
user2: Is the movie well written? Are there plot holes?
user1: it is an ok plot it just did not flow very well
user1: clark kent tries to expose the identity of batman
user2: Is he successful?
user1: I dont remember, i dont belive so. 
user1: it was rated rather poorly by critics, I tend to agree
user2: Is the dialogue cheesy?
user1: lex luther kidnaps lois and supermans mom trying to llure superman
user2: Does it keep you on the edge of your seat?
user1: not to bad considering the type of movie, i dont know how to nail it down but it just wasnt very engaging
user2: I see. How are the special effects?
user1: it could be that we are getting oversaturated with comic book superhero movies
user1: I think they were ok
user2: So would you say this movie is worse than other super hero movies that have come out recently?
user1: Have you seen any comic book movies?
user2: a few  
user1: yeah considering how big and long it was hyped up
user2: dang. how long was it?
user1: some have gotten to the point were they make fun of themselvs a bit it ads a nice touch i feel
user2: so there's some humor involved?
user1: I dont know about the standard version i saw the directors cut(or whatever its called) I think it was around three hours- that may have added to the drag of it
user1: not in this one, but others have that
user2: oh ok. is there any romance?
user1: I think were to the end now, have a good one
user2: you as well

conversation:
user2: Hello How are you?
user1: I'm good how are you!?
user1: It seems that people don't like this movie very muh
user1: much*
user2: I am not sure about this Batman v Superman. The review is quite poor. What do you think about the cast?
user1: Yeah I actually like the cast
user1: but the reviews don't seem so good lol
user2: Funny what they say in the review "153 inutes of a grown man whacking two dolls together." Sounds like critics hated it
user1: yeah I can see where they're coming from though lol
user1: How does anyone really compete with superman?
user2: Yea I wonder the same thing. There is also Wonder Woman in the film. I wonder which side she is on?
user1: Oh yeah that's a good point. I also love the girl that plays wonder woman.
user1: I forget her name though
user1: oh
user1: Gal Gadot
user2: Yes she is a member of the cast. Can't imagine Jesse Eisenberg as Lex Luthor 
user1: Yeah that seems a little strange lol
user2: Ahhh there was a prior battle, between Superman and General Zod. I guess this battle took place in another DC film released earlier?
user1: Oh yeah it looks like you're right.  
user1: So essentially people are mad at superman for bringing doomsday to earth?
user2: Well it seems he was a controversial figure for sure
user1: Okay so they are using kryptonite against superman
user1: that makes sense now
user2: Now there is a Russian weapon trafficker involved who has dealings with LexCorp. It sounds a bit complicated.
user1: I was wondering how any human could possibly be a match for him
user2: Haha.. yeah good point! 
user2: It seems Luthor plays a big role in this film. That's already a couple characters too many in my opinion
user1: Yeah I'm struggling to follow how they're all connected to each other lol
user1: But after reading it I want to watch it because I don't like being confused lol
user2: And here, Luxor kidnaps Clark's adoptive mother.. as if picking on Lois wasn't enough
user1: Okay so superman dies.... but not really... seems he will be coming back at somepoint
user1: cause dirt doesn't just levitate on it's own lol
user2: It is funny how they made "Clark declared dead." 
user1: yeah lol dead giveaway. 
user1: But Batman and superman are friends now it seems lol
user1: so confusing
user2: Hmmm Batman trying to form a team of metahumans. Well sounds like the studio was planning sequels very early 
user1: Yeah some of these series seem to never end
user1: I'd love to know how far out is planned already
user2: Interesting maybe you are right. The "dirt atop Clark's coffin levitates" part! What a cliffhanger
user1: I hope so.  Cause if they
user1: are facing aliens they don't stand a chance without superman
user1: Nice Talking to you! BYE!
user2: If they make sequels I wonder if Superman will return at all?

conversation:
user2: Hi there
user1: Hello. So what's movie are we gonna be discussing today?
user2: Batman VS Superman. Have you seen it?
user1: No but I would love to.  What's some of the premise of the movie?
user2: Dawn of Justice to be exact.
user2: Apparently there was one before this one
user1: I never knew there was another, I thought that was the only one.
user2: Basically its Batman and Superman facing off against each other.
user2: Yeah me either
user2: There's a great critical response:
user2: “153 minutes of a grown man whacking two dolls together, has the definition of 'movie'changed from 'motion picture story that a human wrote on purpose' to '700 onlytangentially related 12-second grey and red vignettes’?”
user1: I really like Batman, not so much Superman, but I still like the Superman movies, especially the older ones.
user2: Here's another critic:
user1: That sounds pretty harsh
user2: "The point of Batman v Superman isn't fun, and it isn't thinking, either. It's obedience. Thetheology is invoked ... to buttress a spectacle of power. And in that way the film serves asa metaphor for its own aspirations. The corporations that produce movies like this one, andthe ambitious hacks who sign up to make them, have no evident motive beyond their ownaggrandizement."
user2: It got horrible reviews on rotten tomatoes too: 27%
user2: 4.9/10
user1: Wow, that sounds rough.  I take all movie critics with a grain of salt, and put no bearing on rotten tomatoes though.
user2: True but I thought the one about whacking dolls together was pretty funny.
user1: I have a very  unique taste in movies, so when I seldom even bother reading reviews because a lot of movies I enjoy get trashed by critics.
user1: That doll comment was pretty funny though, I agree on that.
user2: Personally I like a lot of cheese with my movies if you know what I mean.
user1: Oh I sure do, and I certainly agree.
user2: It does have Ben Affleck as Batman
user2: and Henry Cavill is Superman
user1: Yeah, I thought that would be a huge mistake initially, but I really like him as an actor, so I realized it was stupid of me to admire him as an actor yet dread him playing my favorite super hero.
user2: I like Ben too. I think he does a pretty good job at being the tortured soul of Bruce Wayne
user1: Yeah?  I bet he would.  I think he's great in the Jay and Silent Bob movies, and Dazed and Confused.
user2: Basically the whole premise of the movie is that Lex Luthor pits the two against each other so that he can acquire kryptonite
user1: That makes sense a little bit.  But still seems difficult to get Metroplis and Gotham to jive in the same sort of universe.
user2: and wipeout both Superman and Batman simultaneously
user2: Do you want a huge spoiler twist or prefer that I keep it to myself?
user1: I never knew Lex Luthor had any affiliation with Batman or his world. You can share it.
user2: Apparently in this movie he is the catalyst. 
user2: And dramatic pause....
user2: Batman actually kills Superman!!!
user1: WOOO that's what I would want to see happen...sorry Superman ha ha
user2: hahaha
user2: We'll never know how because the description doesn't say.

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: Hi.
user1: Do you have a loaded document?
user2: Yes, I do.
user1: I'm not seeing anything but the chat box?
user2: I know.
user1: What is the movie discussion about?
user1: What movie?
user2: Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice 2016
user1: I've never seen it have you?
user2: It's ok, but way too long.
user2: Cast: Ben Afleck as Bruce Wayne/Batman
user2: Henry Cavil as Clark Kent/Superman
user1: Great actors don't you agree?
user1: What is the movie about?
user2: You know, the regular superhero film
user2: Eighteen months after the battle between Superman and General Zod in Metropolis,Superman has become a controversial figure. Billionaire Bruce Wayne, who has operated inGotham City as the vigilante Batman for two decades, sees Superman as an existentialthreat to humanity. After learning of Batman's form of justice, Clark Kent seeks to exposehim via Daily Planet articles. Wayne learns that Russian weapon trafficker Anatoli Knyazevhas been contacting LexCorp mogul Lex Luthor. Meanwhile, Luthor unsuccessfully tries topersuade Senator June Finch to allow him to import kryptonite retrieved from the IndianOcean following Zod's terraforming attempt, claiming he wants to maintain it as a"deterrent" against future Kryptonian threats. He instead makes alternative plans withFinch's subordinate and gains access to Zod's body and the Kryptonian
user1: Do you normally watch movies of that type?
user2: Year Genre Director Rating2016 SuperHero Zack Snyder 1. Rotten Tomatoes: 27% and average: 4.9/102. Metacritic Score: 44/1003. CinemaScore: B
user2: Cast● Ben Affleck as Bruce Wayne / Batman● Henry Cavill as Clark Kent / Superman● Amy Adams as Lois Lane● Jesse Eisenberg as Lex Luthor● Diane Lane as Martha KentIntroductionBatman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is a 2016 American superhero film featuring the DCComics characters Batman and Superman. Directed by Zack Snyder, it is the second installment inthe DC Extended Universe (DCEU), following 2013's Man of Steel. It was written by Chris Terrioand David S. Goyer, and features an ensemble cast that includes Ben Affleck, Henry Cavill, AmyAdams, Jesse Eisenberg, Diane Lane, Laurence Fishburne, Jeremy Irons, Holly Hunter, and GalGadot. Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is the first live-action film to feature Batman and
user1: I think I'll stick to Iron Man hahahaha
user2: Superman together, as well as the first live-action cinematic portrayal of Wonder Woman. In thefilm, criminal mastermind Lex Luthor (Eisenberg) manipulates Batman (Affleck) into a preemptivebattle with Superman (Cavill), whom Luthor is obsessed with defeating.Critical Response● “153 minutes of a grown man whacking two dolls together, has the definition of 'movie'changed from 'motion picture story that a human wrote on purpose' to '700 onlytangentially related 12-second grey and red vignettes’?”● "The point of Batman v Superman isn't fun, and it isn't thinking, either. It's obedience. Thetheology is invoked ... to buttress a spectacle of power. And in that way the film serves asa metaphor for its own aspirations. The corporations that produce movies like this one, andthe ambitious hacks who sign up to make them, have no evident motive beyond their ownaggrandizement."● “better than Man of Steel but below the high bar set by Nolan's Dark Knight”● "As the film progresses, Lex degenerates into a gibbering mad man, some strange mix ofthe Riddler and the Joker with a little bit of Mark Zuckerberg added for flair."
user2: That's the document in full.
user1: Thank you!
user2: Yes, Iron Man is better.
user1: Have a great day!
user2: Same

conversation:
user1: You should see Batman v Superman Dawn of Justice. It is a Zack Snyder film where Batman and Superman fight. Does that sound interesting to you?
user2: It does! Are you more a Batman fan or a Superman fan?
user1: I'm more of a Batman fan and I'm intereted in Howw Ben Affleck plays the charater. However Superman is col and they also have his nemesis Lex Luthor.
user2: I like Superman if I have to choose. Batman is always so sad and brooding.Is the fight pretty intense?
user1: It sounds like it. The movie also has the first appearance of Gal Gadot as Wonderwoman
user2: Ohhhh! Wonder Woman! Do you think she could beat either Superman or Batman?
user1: I think she has a good chance. It has better reviews than the Man of Steel.
user2: So do both characters survive the fight? I heard it gets pretty brutal.
user1: One review says its 153 minutes of grown men whacking each other. olo
user2: Oh my! That is funny. I guess if you like grown men fighting, this is the movie to watch!
user1: I like how it continues with the characters with the man of steel movie. Amy Adams as Lois Lane and Lawrence Fishburne and Diane Lane as Martha Kent.
user2: Would I need to watch Man of Steel in order to understand this movie? Or does it stand on its own?
user1: It pretty much stands on its own. It takes place 1 1/2 years after Superman's fight with Zod. Bruce Wayne believes Superman is a threat to humanity
user2: This sounds interesting. Though why anyone would think Superman is the bad guy is crazy to me.
user1: I know. But Clark Kent begins writing article about Batman being a vigilante and being bad for Gotham. So there is tension between them.
user2: That makes sense. Silly men. Just work together and get the ego out of the way!
user1: Lol. The you have Lex Luthor in the mix trying to get access to kryptonite to deter future Kryptonian threats aka Superman
user2: Oh dear. IS this Lex bald like the old Lex version in the movies?
user1: I don't think so . He is played by Jessie Eisenberg. But Lex kidnaps Martha Kent and tells superman that he has to Kill Batman to save her. Superman try to tell Batman this but he doesn't listen and fifghts superman because he is a thraet to humanity.
user2: See? Egos! Let the old lady die so we can prove a point.
user1: Lol. Actually batman get the upper hand in the battle and is about to kill superman. Superman says "Save Martha" Batman says "What" because his dead Mom's name is Martha. Lois swoops in an explains Superman meant his mother Martha was in danger. Batman agrees to save Martha and tell superman to go after Lex.
user2: Whoa! Both their mothers are named Martha? That is crazy!Sounds like I need to watch the movie.
user1: Batman does save Martha. Unfortunately Superman dies but Luthor goes to jail
user2: Oh man! A world without Superman? How terrible!
user1: It's kind of a sad movie. Because they have Clark Kent's funeral with Bruce Wayne and Diana Prince there. Lois gets an envelope from Martha which has an engagement ring that Clark was going to give her. They go to Clark's funeral and dirt is placed on his coffin. The  .  .   .
user2: AAAACK! The cliff hanger!
user1: Yeah Bruce tells Diana that he failed Superman. Th?ey leave and the dirt over Clark's coffin levitates in mid-air. It's a good movie that got positive reviews. Will you see it
user2: Yes! It sounds like a great movie!
user1: I think it is. Take care

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: olleh
user2: hello
user1: How are you?
user2: I'm fine. What do you think of the movie summary?
user1: I thought it was pretty good
user1: Not my favorite superhero film, but not the worst either.
user1: Thought the movie had a good beginning and end.
user2: I'm personally indifferent to superhero movies. 
user1: I enjoy them for the most part.. they are a fun escape from reality.
user2: I like both Batman and Superman, and I'm not a big fan of when they fight each other though.
user1: Plus, I have always been a fan of the DC since a child.
user2: I like it when they team up
user1: Yes, me either. Batman should not have stood any chance. But to sell the movie, they had to make him more formidable.
user1: The movie felt very full but cluttered as well.
user1: Too much going on in a relatively short period of time.
user2: Yeah, they make these movies too long.
user2: Movies are too long these days.
user1: See for this movie, I wouldnt have minded it going longer since they had a lot to cover.
user2: Thoughts on Luthor?
user1: It was certainly different!
user2: I wish he was bald like in other continuities. They also make him look very young when he is generally middle aged.
user1: Thought that character should have been played by an older actor though
user2: Yeah.  He shouldn't be so youthful.
user1: Yeah, it would be more believable that Eisenberg was Luthors child or something.
user2: Also, deaths are unrealistic in these films. We all know Superman's not dead.
user1: Yes, they were trying to cover the death of superman, but yet in Justice League, he wasn't brought back like how he was in the comics. I guess they just pick and choose what they want to use.
user1: Yeah they wouldnt kill off their main cashcow!
user1: Felt like they movie overall was a bridge to other movies in the DCEU
user2: Yeah they are trying too hard to make the DCEU a thing vs Marvel. 
user2: Marvel just sort of occurred naturally.
user1: DCEU has better characters, but Marvel has taken their time to build better depth
user1: and its paid off in my opinion

conversation:
user1: Hey there
user2: Hey, how are you? Up for for some movie talk?
user1: Sure
user2: So. did you watch Batman vs Superman (BvS for short) last year? 
user1: I did not, but I heard plenty about it.
user2: Any worries about spoiler or can i talk ?
user2: freely*
user1: Not really. It's fine.
user1: Did you like it?
user2: Not so much. I usually like super hero movies, get my mind off day to day problems. But that one was bad
user1: Why was it bad?
user2: The villain is really bad written. You can get why he is doing whas is doing. I was just seeing a crazy Mark Zuckerberg trying to do nonsense
user1: That's funny!
user1: Are there any super hero movies you watched recently that were good?
user2: And we had that scene where the villain from the first super man turn into a strange monster. In the comics it was a really good villain but there it's just wrong
user1: So it's not real accurate?
user2: Black Panter it's good and Justice league it's not that bad
user1: I do want to see black panther if I have time. I think that super hero movies get repetitive sometimes. Did you see Man of Steel?
user2: Not at real, you can't even relate to Superman, who is very charismatic. Cant buy the relations.
user2: Good movie, worth the time. 
user2: Yes I did. I liked that one
user1: Cool. The problem I have with those movies is that they were basically prewritten. You pretty much know whats going to happen
user1: Although I did like Zac Snyders 300
user2: You're pretty right. they have a formula and don't adventure very much away from it. BvS try to mix the marvel way and it doesn't worked right.
user2: Snyder was pretty good in 300. Cool visual aspects
user2: I think he keep doing cool things to see. But only the images don't make a good movie
user1: Yea, 300 had a decent story too and I'm a history geek
user1: Do you prefer marvel movies or DC?
user2: Cool, like a greek geek? That's not a good thing about super hero movies too. They are terible to show some decent things. They have greek gods but can make any history citations
user2: In movies marvel, for comics i will go with DC, but prefer some european things
user1: Exactly, though they are underrepresented in super hero movies besides captain america

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hi
user2: i hope you know batman and superman
user2: HELLO ?
user2: THEY BOTH HAVE SUPERPOWERS TO SAVE PEOPLE
user2: ON 2016 THEY BOTH ACTED COMBINE AND THAT MOVIE WAS HIT ON HOLLYWOOD   
user2: THE NEXT "MAN OF STEEL" MOVIE IS A SIMILAR BUT THIS MOVIE IS CAST FOR THIS GEN PEOPLE MIND SET NOT OLDEN DAYS BATMAN OR SUPERMAN 
user2: BOTH THE MOVIE DIRECTORS ARE HAVE EXCELLENT SKILL, AS YOU KNOW DETAILS MENTIONED ON DOC
user2: SIR ARE YOU AVAIL TO CHAT WITH ME?

conversation:
user1: What is the movie you read about?
user2: hello ... it's batman vs superman
user1: I haven't seen that one. Have you?
user2: Yes I have seen it
user1: I think it was quite a while ago that it came out wasn't it? Does it say who the actors are in your paragraph?
user2: of course 
user1: Can you refresh my memory? I can't remember.
user2: es del 2016 , Ben Affleck is Batman,  Henry Cavill is Superman  . Amy Adams is Lois Lane , Gal Gadot is wonder woman
user1: Thanks! I don't recall it having Wonder Woman in it. What ages do you think it is suitable for? OK for a 10 ten year old?
user2: yes, yes it was, and it's beautiful .... it's from a B classification
user1: I wasn't sure if I would enjoy it or not myself but especially my daughter. I didn't know if it was too hard for her to understand.
user1: w
user1: Where does the story take place? Is it Gotham City or somewhere else?
user2: both cities are present in the movie 
user2: the movie is 18 months after the movie of the man of steel
user1: I have to be honest it has been many years since I have seen a super hero movie. My son was never really into them and my daughter isn't that interested either. Are there any other things that would convince me to see it?
user2: ok, I understand you, because the movie according to the critics would not be the best, if you are one of those who see critics to know if watching the movie this will not be to your liking
user2: According to Rotten Tomatoes: 27%
user1: No I rarely listen to critics. I listen to regular people and even then I still make my own judgement based on advertisements and my gut I guess. It's always a matter of opinion. I did used to like the old Batman tv show as a kid and used to go see the movies back when they first came out. I definitely remember the first superman movie.
user1: Does it have a lot of dark scenes? Sometimes the darkness makes me sleepy even if the movie is action packed.
user2: Yes, the darkness is a personal signature in the films of Zack Snyder ... here Batman is already more than 20 years old I feel the vigilante of the night and it is little darker and radical with the maliantes
user1: Gotcha. That definitely helps quite a bit. 
user1: Like I said I tend to get tired in the dark. Although at home it might not be as bad. I don't guess they give away the ending in the info. you have been reading.
user2: yes, and to superman this leads him to investigate Bruce, and bruce feels that superman can be a threat to the world
user2: and there the conflict begins
user1: Interesting. I guess it would be different to see these two up against each other. I never really considered one being a threat to the world.
user1: What is Wonder Woman's role? Does she side with one or the other or stay neutral?
user2: she is neutral ..... taking advantage of this conflict appears Lex Luthor to manipulate both heroes to increase their rivalry
user1: Thanks for all of the info! You certainly do make it sound intriguing.
user2: and kidnaps the mother of clark and her loving interest Lois, to force him to face batman, his family by the head of bruce
user1: Wow. Interesting.
user1: Sounds much more complicated than what I saw on previews on tv
user2: For the fans of the comic the movie is enjoyable, although it has some empty plotlines ... because when Batman goes to kill superman, Superman tells him to save Martha (his mother) and Bruce once and change his mind. step to the superman side and they became super friends
user1: Thanks so much! I may just have to check it out!

conversation:
user1: WHAT IS THE MOVIE WE ARE REVIEWING TODAY?
user2: So this movie is a classic.
user2: It is Batman vs Superman
user2: Are you familiar with this Superhero film?
user1: OH I AM SO INTERESTED IN WATCHING THAT MOVIE .. I AM 
user1: WHO IS IN THIS ONE?
user2: It is a great movie. The legendary Ben Affleck plays Batman while the dashing Henry Cavill is Clark Kent/ Superman.
user1: WHAT IS IT ABOUT?
user2: It is the second installment in the DC Extended Universire movies
user1: I REALLY LIKE BEN AFFLECK 
user2: It deals with the personal battle between Batman and Superman
user1: I THINK SUPERMAN WAS A GOOD MOVIE THIS MOVIE SOUNDS GOOD
user2: Yes, Ben Affleck is great!
user2: Batman is a very relatable hero while Superman is from a different planet and is simply more powerful than anyone on Earth.
user1: IS IT BETTER THEN THE ORIGINAL BATMAN AND SUPERMAN?
user2: With the resources Batman has, he can put up a worthwhile battle against Superman.
user1: SUPERMAN WILL PROBABLY WIN IN THIS ONE THEN\
user1: DOES THE MOVIE MOVE REALLY FAST OR IS IT REALLY SLOW ?
user2: I think it is one of the best superhero movies to date. 
user1: IT SOUNDS AWESOME 
user2: It moves in a good pace. Superman starts out as a controversial figure while Batman views him as a threat to humanity
user1: HOW INTERESTING 
user2: Neither knows much about the other but there is discontent from the start. Clark Kent, Superman's real life form, tries to bring light to Batman's true identity as Bruce Wayne through his job as a reporter
user1: IS THIS MOVIE REALLY VIOLENT OR IS IT OK FOR YOUNGER KIDS TO WATCH ?
user2: It is a bit violent but again, it is fiction. So there is not that much blood or things of that nature.
user2: Therefore, I think it is more than okay for kids to watch.
user2: Lex Luthor is the mastermind between truly pitting Batman against Superman and vice versa
user1: OK GOOD IT SOUNDS LIKE SOMETHING THE FAMILY COULD ENJOY TOGETHER THEN 
user1: OH HOW EXCTING THEY BROUGHT BACK LEX LUTHER IN THIS AS WELL 
user2: He kidnaps Clark Kent's mom, adoptive mom, to bring Superman out of his prolonged exile.
user2: Luthor tries to manipulate the situation and causes Superman to think that Batman is at fault for his mom being kidnapped.

conversation:
user2: Good day to you! So what did you think about the super hero movie Batman vs Superman?
user1: Good day to you as well.  I think the movie is exciting and entertaining.  What did you think of it?
user2: I feel the same way! I agree with CinemaScore's rating of B! So who was your favorite character?
user1: I agree with the rating as well.  My favorite character was Ben Affleck as Batman.

conversation:
user2: Hi there
user1: Hello
user2: So the movie you should watch is Batman vs Superman
user1: Why is that?
user1: What makes it worth watching?
user2: It is one of DC's better superhero movies
user2: With that said, it didn't score too well on Rotten tomatoes.
user1: Never know what you will like so I think I'll give it a chance.  
user1: Is there anything else you find noteworthy about the movie?
user2: That is true.  I ended up enjoying the movie quite a bit.
user2: The plot is pretty interesting matching up Superman and Batman
user2: Its interesting to see how Batman deals with Superman and his powers as you would think it would be no contest
user1: That does sound very interesting, especially considering most people have wanted that matchup for a long time.
user2: Ben Affleck does a good job at playing Batman as well
user1: Is it in theaters or has it been out for some time
user2: It came out in 2016, so its about a year and a half old
user2: I feel like where this movie left off is where Justice League picks up
user1: That's interesting
user2: As for the down side, it is 153 minutes long which is a bit much.
user1: I do enjoy when movies/shows have some connection to one another.
user1: I do enjoy longer movies so that sounds good to me.
user2: Zack Snyder, who has done other action movies, was perfect for this one.
user1: I will watch Batman VS Superman for sure. 
user2: Jesse Eisenberg was also cast as Lex Luther.  He does a pretty good job in that role.
user1: Oh that does sound like a good fit.
user2: One critic seems to think it was better than Man of Steel, but I think that is debatable. 
user1: I have enjoyed a lot of the latest superhero movies so I imagine this one will be a worthy watch.  
user2: Its on par with other super hero movies even though DC gets a bad wrap
user2: Its hard to bring a character like superman to life on the big screen as has been proven in the past
user1: I can see that, hard to tell a story of a character and get attached in around 120 minutes where as with cartoons or shows it's much easier to build on that character and attachment each episode.

conversation:
user1: Hey, did you see that 2016 superhero movie Batman vs Superman?
user2: I did not, i heard it was pretty bad though..
user1: Well you know it was directed by Zack Snyder, he has a pretty unique vision. Do you like superhero movies?
user2: yeah, some of them. I'm a big fan of spiderman and i like the Daredevil show. I'm not a fan of the intergalactic crap though
user1: I hear you! I was excited for it because it was the first time Batman and Superman appeared together in a live action film but man....that was not "my" Superman, you know?
user2: yeah. My son really wanted to go see it, but i convinced him to wait until it comes out on DVD so we can stream it online.. He ended up watching it with a couple friends during a sleepover. 
user1: Oh yeah, I waited too, even though some things were exciting, including Wonder Woman. It seemed so weird though, all dark and mean spirited. What did you think of the Lex Luthor impression?
user2: who played lex luthor again?
user1: oh taht tweaker Jesse Eisenburg, what a farce
user2: That seems like a very strange pick to play lex luthor... He is not very intimidating
user1: You could tell everyone involved in the whole thing was just there for a paycheck (except maybe Gal Godot, aka Wonder Woman) Im trying to remember the plot, something something Lex Luthor provikes Bats and SUpes to fight.....you remember anything about the plot?
user2: not at all. Gal Godot is super hot though
user1: OMG yes she really is, she just stole the whole thing from the boys lol! She was the only spark of "fun" in the whole dour mess. 
user2: oh for sure. and the wonder woman suit makes her so much hotter
user1: I dont know how or why they turned Superman into such a mean jerk. Superman is supposed to be the ultimate good guy. Tak about suitws, Im remembering Batman's Iron Man-esque thing he wore when he fought SUpes, that just made me laugh and laugh
user2: yeah, the whole plot was just a disaster. it had so much potential too. although, i can't see how batman could ever seriously do anything to superman..
user1: not laugh in a good way though, laugh out of embarrassment for the actors...they got paid though so I guess they get the last laugh! Isn't it weird how it's easier to talk about all this surface stuff about the movie and not the movie itself. That is the sign of a poor movie. 
user2: haha, yeah that's definitely not a good sign. Were there any other villians in the movie other than luthor?
user1: Oh man, remember that line Batman screams at Superman, "why did you say that name?!?" when Superman called out "Martha". Until that moment, I had not really thought about then fact they both had mama's named "Martha". Goofy! Wasn't there some weird monster clone of Zod? I admit I was pretty checked out by then
user2: haha, i didn't know either of there mother's names. what a strange coincidence. 
user2: yeah i was high when i watched it.. so i don't remember it well. lol
user1: well comics writes are hacks, bless thier tiny hearts :) I can't believe Batman really wanted to kill Superman with a spear. I think he was just jealous really.
user2: how could he even kill him with a spear.. isnt superman invincible to everything but kryptonite?
user1: right, it was kriptonite and just so petty of Batman. Sheesh, like Batman could stand against some godlike monster. The world needs Superman for big time villains. Let Batman have the Joker, you know though, with Superman "dying" and Clark Kent dying at exactly the same time, wouldnt everyone put 1+1 together?
user2: right.. the movie was just so ridiculous. 
user1: yep and at the end Batman decides to for a team of Aveng...er...I mean form a Justice League of superheroes to take the place of Superman. It's like, dude, if you had not killed Supes, none of that would be needed!
user2: lol right. superman is better than the whole justice league combined. he literally has every super power..
user1: Know what else I hated about the movie? All the colors were so muted and dull. It's a superhero movie, pucn that shit up yall! Make it colorful and fun and exciting! I bet other superhero movies do that.

conversation:
user1: Hello.
user1: Are you there?
user2: Hi
user2: The movie is Batman v Superman.

conversation:
user1: Batman vs Superman was pretty bad, huh? Mindless fisticuffs
user2: Yes sounds like a cash in title
user1: Truly. Studios know that superhero movies will sell, so they don't have to try
user2: The fact Ben Affleck stars in it makes me want to avoid it all together
user1: Haha, yeah. It's a shame that Laurence Fishburne and Jeremy Irons are associated with it, I like their work
user2: Those seem like the only two redeeming factors. But even they couldn't save 153 minutes of trash. 
user1: Zack Snyder is definitely the kind of guy who would make a movie about two grown men beating each other up for that long
user2: I'll probably think of Lex Luther everytime I see a picture of Mark Zuckerburg now. 
user1: Zuckerburg getting Batman to fight an invincible boy scout? there must be a political comment there somewhere
user2: Luthor needs to seek some therapy for his obsession with defeating Superman. 
user1: What I don't get is why Batman would agree to help Luthor after learning that he's associated with a weapons trafficker. What the heck, dude
user2: How rare can Kryptonite even bee if it's found in the Indian ocean?
user1: yeah, and if you have a Kryptonian scout ship, why not just use one of the Russian weapons with kryptonite on the tip to blast the big guy out of the sky?
user2: I'm sure Wonder Woman probably knows all the answers to that riddle.
user1: and why Luthor wants to get his grubby hands on General Zod's body. Sounds like a weird lounge display
user2: either way it doesn't sound very good for the city of Metropolis
user1: it would be pretty funny if instead of this ludicrous plot, Lex Luthor just let the Daily Planet know that Clark Kent was Superman. He could lose his job, then be told it was Batman's fault
user2: Yeah Clark Kent has it coming to him anyways. He doesn't seem to care much about Martha at all in my opinion.
user1: but he really does like trolling Batman. Way to rub salt in the wound
user2: How smart can Batman be with all his amazing tech skills if he gets confused so easily by Superman tricking him with Martha's name.
user1: and with all that amazing technology, he resorts to a spear to try to kill Superman. this is truly the crown jewel of 2016
user2: It must have been an expensive spear. Superman sounds like he's basically become more a self serving demi-god rather than a hero compared to Batman. Since Superman refused to really save anyone but himself.
user1: At least Batman has the decency to form a team to protect the world
user2: Yeah I'm sure that prison they built for Lex Luthor isn't going to hold him very long. So he'll be needing back up.
user1: the only downside is that Lex already knows about all the other superheroes, so Batman kinda shot himself in the foot there. Probably won't be long before Lex discovers his secret identity
user2: At a certain point it seems like Batman is just going to have to give up the whole secret identity thing. Maybe he'll retire and move on to making hollywood cookie cutter drivel like his last film.
user1: Bruce Wayne in a dress suit with the Batman mask on: "Hey everyone, I'm Batman. After the death of my good pal Superman, whose funeral I attended, I've decided to reveal myself. Please come kill me so that I don't have to make any more movies like Batman Vs. Superman."
user2: As long as his coffin levitates at his funeral like Clark's I'll be happy with that outcome.

conversation:
user1: What a wasted opportunity this movie was
user1: Two of the greatest comic characters
user1: unbelievable hype
user1: yet failed to make an impact
user1: The poor narrative was the reason if you ask me
user2: Very poor rotten tomatoes score
user2: good actors
user1: true
user2: one of the worst DC movies
user1: nah suicide squad gets that honor
user2: Yeah you may be right there.
user1: BvS had potential and redemption chances
user1: Batfleck surprsied me
user1: he kicked ass
user2: Critics were not big fans either
user1: more superman would have been better
user1: critics trashed the movie
user2: superman becomes a controversial figure, thats an interesting angle
user2: And for good cause
user1: that could have been its own movie
user1: BvS could have been made into 3 different movies
user1: A man of steel 2
user1: Solo Batman
user1: then a BvS
user2: And batman sees superman as a threat to humanity
user1: they should have taken their time to build those characters 
user2: Bringing superman out of exile by some elaborate kidnappings.
user1: however snyder is a master at metaphors, visuals and allegory
user1: man has so much general knowledge of different cultures
user2: batman to the rescue
user1: superman = jesus
user1: batman = hades
user1: the martha scene
user1: gets hate
user1: but had a good point and could have been handled much better
user1: the martha scene should have been emotional and made people cry 
user2: true
user1: but that turned out to be a damp squib
user1: great music
user1: hans zimmer is a true master
user2: yeah music was good
user1: honestly chris nolan's vision and writing, zack snyders visuals and zimmer's music
user1: that could have been a deadly combo
user2: most definateley
user2: totally agree
user1: chris nolan should have been the father dceu

conversation:
user2: Hello
user2: Have you seen this movie?
user1: Which movie?
user2: Batman vs Superman
user2: Do you see the paper about it?
user1: Ugh, yes.  I really didn't like it.  I mean, Ben Affleck is okay but I was not a fan of his as Batman.  
user1: What about you?
user2: I haven't seen it
user2: I don't really care for Ben Affleck
user1: Yeah, Amy Adams as Lois Lane is pretty disappointing.  Rotten Tomatoes only gave it a 27 percent!
user2: I did not know that Wonder Woman was in this movie too
user1: Yes, she makes an appearance.
user1: Watching the movie was like watching some man play with action figures.  Very boring and disappointing.  
user2: Wow I did not actually realize that Batman and Superman did not like each other
user1: It's true.  They definitely have a sort of love hate relationship.
user1: I did appreciate the portrayal of superman as a controversial figure.
user2: That is disappointing that it wasn't a better movie
user1: It is.  Especially coming out in 2016 among all those other good superhero films
user2: From these ratings I would imagine the Avengers movies were much better received
user2: I did like Dark Knight and the other Batman movies
user2: Luthor sounds like a real winner
user1: As did I.  It seems I don't like Affleck as Batman.  
user1: Jesse Eisenberg is just not a convincing Luthor.
user1: Especially when he tries to play truly evil and its like some weird mix between joker and riddler.
user2: I am confused by who is supposed to be the good guy if there is one, they both seem to need help
user1: Ha!  Wonder Woman is the only arguably 'good guy' in the movie and she just makes an appearance!
user1: I usually like Zack Snyders movies but this one really ranks low.
user2: I have been wanting to see Wonder Woman's movie.  Did you like it better than Batman v Superman?
user2: Sounds like there is more to the story if the dirt on Clark's coffin is moving
user1: I did!  It was very good.  It was really moving to see her in this movie mourning superman.
user1: Oh definitely.  there is no way he is really dead for good.
user2: That is crazy if they really tried to kill him
user2: I thought it said Princess Diana was his family member
user2: Maybe in another movie they would do some re-casting and get some better ratings?
user1: I think she just pretends to be.  In the comic she and superman are lovers.
user1: maybe
user2: Well i look forward to seeing that

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hello
user2: Want to talk about a movie?
user1: Do you think Eisenberg did a good job at playing Lex Luthor?
user2: He did a fine job, actually.
user1: I think he did ok, but it was a surprising choice to make Lex Luthor such a small, dweeby boy.
user2: I think that was kind of the point though, to subvert your expectations about the character.
user1: Zack Snyder is indeed the most patrician of film directors. I do like Batman V Superman, I think it's underrated because it gets compared too often with other superhero movies.
user2: I agree, I think it will be seen as a cult classic in about 20 years or so.
user1: It's interesting that its RT and Metacritic scores are so low, and then CinemaScore gives it a B.
user2: Its a very polarizing movie betwen the critics and the audience, something similar happened with The Thing (1982)
user1: I love how Batman V Superman immediately acknowledges some of peoples' biggest complaints about Man Of Steel by showing that the people didn't appreciate the entire town being destroyed, and that Superman is a controversial figure.
user2: Yes, it was a very interesting take on the character, very different from it's previous Iterations, like Lex Luthor.
user1: The idea of a super rich person trying to use fear of future attacks as a reason to collect volatile materials, when in reality he has alternate plans, has interesting parallels in real life.
user2: Yeah, I noticed that too.
user1: But a senator actually says no. That's a little bit different.
user2: Yeah, It's very interesting, not the types of subjects you will usually see in your average superhero movie.
user1: Kidnapping moms is a pretty mean thing to do.
user2: Yep, It was very interesting seeing Superman nearly loosing it because of that.
user1: Meanwhile, Batman is still not over his parents, and their mothers have the same name.
user2: That made for a very interesting dynamic between the two, even though it may seem a little ridiculous at first.
user1: Yea it's hard to imagine Batman ever subduing Superman. Even with a bunch of kyrponite and gadgets.
user2: He did before on The Dark Knight Returns by Frank Miller, an obvious inspiration for the movie.
user1: I like how Bruce calls them metahumans instead of superheros.
user2: Yeah, the movie is pretty faithful to the comics on some parts.
user1: Luthor thinks it's great that aliens can kill everyone now. Is he trying to come across as crazier than he is?
user2: Yeah, pretty much.
user1: It sounds like a pretentious cop-out, but I feel like a lot of the critics just didn't get this movie. They called it smashing two dolls together and then miss the subtle stuff like that. Poor Zack Snyder.
user2: Yeah, I feel the same, but I feel the movie will eventually grow on audiences and criticts as time passes, like any good cult film.
user1: Classic dirt on top of coffin trick. Classic.
user2: Yep.

conversation:
user1: Hi, Have you ever seen Batmanv Superman?
user2: Yes, I have. It wasn't the best movie in my opinion. 
user2: what did you think of the movie?
user1: Have you ever had a chance to see Batman v superman?
user1: Have you ever had a chance to see Batman v superman?
user2: What do you think about the movie Batman v Superman?

conversation:
user2: I see the Rotten Tomatoes score is only 27%
user1: The average is also low, a 4.9/10
user2: I thought Ben Affleck was an ok Batman 
user1: He did okay, better at least than in the movie man of steel, but nolan set a really high bar for in Dark Knight. It's a lot to live up to.
user2: Yeah, I liked that it was the first film to feature him and Superman together 
user1: It was Cavill that played superman right? I think they were decent together.
user2: It was also the first live-action portrayal of Wonder Woman
user2: I don't see her listed in the cast though
user2: Oh there she is Gal Gadot
user1: That's probably her, there's not many female cast members. It could also be holly hunter though.
user2: I don't know who she played. I see Amy Adams as Lois Lane though she was good portraying her character. 
user1: Yeah, there was a lot going on in this movie, but i feel like it lacked motive.
user2: Yeah, the critical response said it "wasn't fun"
user1: That's hard to imagine, though. One of the key scenes involved a russian weapons trafficker. That sounds exciting!
user2: Having superman as a controversial figure too, like a threat to humanity. Makes for some good movie drama with Batmans form of justice. 
user1: The cricital reviews were all suprisingly negative though. They said the mix of riddle and joker was strange.
user1: The reviewers also said the film was about obedienc. 
user1: And that it had a Mark Zuckerberg type of flair.
user1: Whatever that means.
user2: Yeah, it was a lot to fit into the movie they said stuff was only tangentially related
user1: That would probably explain the metacritic score of 44/100
user1: Though it's not all bad
user1: It had a cinemascore of B
user2: I didn't think so, yeah 27% is low but a B isn't
user2: The key scene where their moms had the same name was a good way to end their fight
user1: Yeah that caused movie conflict by confusing batman.
user2: Good thing Lois was there to explain
user1: It is. What if batman had not realized how far he had fallen? 
user2: I can't think he would have killed Superman. 
user2: In the end it looks like he died anyways.
user2: I'm not sure is he did though since a key scene is Batman and Diana leaving and then is coffin levitates
user1: Yeah, but batman watches over luthor in prison.
user2: Says he will always be watching him
user1: Probably because he feels like he failed superman
user2: I don't think he did, he saved him mom at least
user2: his*
user2: Martha
user1: He then starts a team of metahumans

conversation:
user1: Despite being a seemingly exciting movie idea, people didn't seem to like this move too much.
user2: I agree. It only received 27% rotten tomatoes.
user1: Even though superhero movies tend be fun for people, I think it's funny that the second critic says that the movie isn't fun, which defeats the purpose of the film in the first place.
user2: It does seem to have many "big" stars in it though. With Ben Affleck starring it in, I would have thought it would be funnier. 
user1: Maybe the fact that it was a particularly long movie didn't help its case, either. Sitting in a movie theater for 153 minutes sounds awful unless the movie is an absolute masterpiece.
user2: You are correct. I couldn't sit through a movie that long without a few bathroom breaks. I don't get the critics reference to a grown man whacking two dolls together. But then again, I usually do not agree with the critics opinions.
user1: I think it may refer to the hype of the movie, seeing Batman and Superman finally fight on the big screen reminds me of when I was a kid and playing with their action figures
user1: I would throw them at each other for "fighting"
user1: Usually I think critics tend to be too hard on superhero movies, but I definitely agree with the opinions of the critics in this particular article.
user2: I get it now. Thanks. This is probably why I never agree with the critics. I just don't "get it" most of the time. I am a little disappointed by the critics response though. It has a great group of actors including Holly Hunter who I think is adorable. 
user1: Yeah, in theory this movie sounds REALLY good. I'm generally a huge fan of superhero movies, but I also think that the DCEU suffers because it attempted to make a cinematic universe way too quickly
user2: I didn't see the movie so I can't agree or disagree with them, but it looks like most critics thought it was a bad movie. I wish we knew how much money the movie either made or lost. Sometimes, movie companies are not trying to make a GREAT movie. They are just trying to make money.
user1: That would be nice information to have for sure, the second critic even agrees that this movie was more intended to print money than to be a great film
user2: In reviewing the key scene talking about Batman viewing Superman as an threat to humanity is interesting.
user2: I wonder why?
user1: It's a pretty good concept in the movie, considering that Superman (Clark Kent) is also trying to undermine Batman for being a vigilante
user1: If the movie had focused more on these aspects the movie could have been better, in my opinion. It focused too much on two guys punching each other and hoping it looked cool.
user2: They both remind me of "The Arrow."  Maybe all superheros just want to be the ONLY superhero and save the world.
user1: Or at least have their own turf. In the movie, Bruce Wayne basically lives across the river from Clark Kent
user1: The No. 2 key scene where Batman is confused about "Martha" seems like a cheaply written way for Batman and Superman to become allies quickly
user2: Its interesting and a bit of a strange coincidence that both Batman and Superman's mothers' name was Martha. Wouldn't that be funny if we had found out the they were related!
user1: I'm sure there's some comic book run out there where that's true, it wouldn't surprise me!
user2: I would think they wouldn't need the cheap "Martha" tie. Two super hero's with good intentions should just naturally work together to save the world.  I guess even good guys have a big ego!
user1: Yeah, at least Batman has a moment to realize that he doesn't want another innocent person to die over his ego and lets Superman fight Luthor instead.
user2: Do we know why superman was in exile?
user1: Where does it say he was in exile? I don't remember that
user2: The first sentence in number 2. "Luther kidnaps the Kens to bring superman out of exile.
user1: Oh, sorry I was reading number 3! Yeah I believe in the movie a government building he is in explodes and everyone inside dies but him
user2: Was Superman really killed in the movie or did they just want the audience to think that?  Is that why the soil levitates above the coffin?
user1: I think we're lead to believe that superman was actually dead for the time being, because there's a kryptonite spear at play. The soil may be a reference that he is not completely dead and is "charging" his energy
user2: It is kind of strange that they start out fighting only to have Bruce Wayne feel guilty for failing superman.
user1: Maybe he didn't fully understand how Superman "works." As in he wanted him to be a good guy, but he couldn't get past Superman being an alien
user2: That's a good point. I forgot that Superman was from a different planet. I am curious as to what this team of metahumans would look like.
user1: He goes from being egotistical to wanting to build an entire group of superheroes together. That's character development for you I guess
user2: How long are we supposed to discuss this silly movie?
user1: Until we both have twelve responses
user1: So we're both good, I believe. It was nice talking to you about one of my favorite movie genres! Have a nice night.
user2: How do we know when we have 12?  Does it count for us?
user1: No, I just did
user2: Thanks!  You too!
user1: And I have a "finish conversation" button

conversation:
user2: I actually enjoyed the movie, despite the negative critical feedback it recieved. 
user1: I can only go by the reviews that i have read and never asw this movie
user1: From the reviews, it looks like the movie is a total bore feast
user1: If its on rental i would rent it, but wont go out of my way to see it
user2: I guess depending if you enjoy superhero movies or no, it would not be enjoyable if you didn't.
user1: I dont mind the avengers movies.  but comic book movies that are "comic bookish" i dont like.   
user2: Well, these are all based on comic books so I think that's the direction they took
user1: like the hulk, one of the movies was like watching the comics and the other one was like watching a movie
user2: The first Hulk was awful.
user1: thats what im talking about
user2: Marvel has really stepped up their game in recent years
user2: DC comics is still behind on the perfect algorithm of movie making that marvel has founded. 
user1: i totally agree 
user2: Which is also why their newest movie The Justice League tanked in reviews as well. 
user2: Though, I do enjoy the actors. I think some of the plot they had to deal with was set up badly. Like I said Marvel knows how to do it and 
user2: DC is just behind in the game

conversation:
user2: Hi, how do you feel about Batman v Superman!
user2: ?
user2: Who is your favorite character?
user1: Hi! I haven't read the document yet! I'll read it real quick!
user2: I'm just trying to get through this. We can just make stuff up
user2: I found Ben Affleck as Bruce very believable
user1: I actually haven't seen the movie, but I've heard that it's pretty terrible.
user1: I actually tend to like the Batman movies, but Superman has never interested me.
user2: Did you think that Lex was a good villain/
user2: Do you generally agree with movie ratings?
user1: He's a good character, but I don't think this movie represented him well.
user2: Is rotten tomatoes a good site to trust? Does it accurately portray movies?
user1: I like to see movies for myself and decide, but I do read the rating/reviews to get a feel for what people are saying. You?
user1: I tend to trust rotten tomatoes. But it's never a deal breaker for me. 
user2: What do you think of the Riddler as a villain?
user1: I liked Jim Carey more.
user1: How do you feel?
user2: I like Jim Carey too! I think that he is an even better versio 
user1: Agreed!
user2: The City of Metropololis featured in the movie sounds exciting though. It was well constructed on set
user1: Oh that's good. Setting is important! WHat did you think of Ben Affleck?
user2: Do you think they will make a sequel to the film?
user2: I like Ben Affleck! He's talented
user2: I also enjoyed Diane Lane
user1: Probably not. No one seemed to like the movie, so I don't know if it would be a good business decision.
user2: Dawn of Justice is a good title though. Don't you think?
user1: I do think it's a catchy title. 
user2: Do you generally watch movies based on title?
user1: No, usually I forget the real titles.
user2: Do you like thrillers?
user1: I LOVE thrillers. That's my favorite genre on Netflix.
user2: How do you feel about mystery films?
user2: Very cool, me too!
user1: I like mysteries as long as they aren't slow and boring.
user2: I agree. I want movies to be exciting and fast paced. You seem to agree
user2: I don't like scary films. I'm glad Batman V Superman was not scary
user1: Same here. I mean, things don't have to be exploding constantly, but I don't want to fall asleep
user1: I love scary films too. Haha

conversation:
user1: Hi, have you watched any good movies lately?
user2: Hi there yes, couple. Last night I watched Batman vs. Superman !
user1: I have never seen that one, who is in it?
user2: Well I guess that's the problem with the movie ;) Ben Affleck is Batman... 
user2: Henry Cavill as Superman is ok I guess ;) pretty boy ;)
user1: He is not bad to look at! I don't watch a ton of movies, I cant say I now Henry Cavill :-P
user1: know**
user2: I'm sorry who did You mean is not bad to look at ?
user1: Ben Affleck!! 
user1: Is there a lot of action in the movie? I'm not a huge fan of action flicks
user2: oh - I mean sure, I just don't like him as a Batman. I think Christian Bale did much better job in The Dark Knight...
user2: Well depends what You call "action" :) 
user1: A lot of fight scenes?
user2: well that's another problem for me... let me explain :)
user2: yes - that's a Marvel movie, so of course there are fighting scenes... but this is SUPERMAN - God like character - with a single blow he could kill any human ;) and he fights a guy is a rubber suit ;)
user2: just a little funny
user1: Yeah I was wondering how unrealistic it was. I've never been into comics or anything. Is there humor in the movie?
user2: there is SOME humor, but not too much - like let's say in Avengers. This movie is a little darker and more dramatic... nice touch reminding us how strong bond there is between Lois Lane and Clark Kent ( sorry, I'm a a real geek when it comes to comic books ) ;)
user1: I have not seen Avengers either, oops! 
user1: My husband does enjoy Marvel movies, is it very long?
user2: It was quite long - I would say over two hours, but for a fan of both superheroes it was not boring or anything. I mean it is based on a comic book but I feel like everybody would find something for him or herself.
user2: do You like any of the marvel based movies ?
user1: I may have to check it out. How old is the movie?
user2: I believe it's from 2017 - quite new
user2: they did it to prepare the cast for the Justice League
user1: Oh okay. I have only seen bits and pieces of some Thor movies. I just havent been interested, but my husband loves them
user2: He is probably a fan of those old comic books ;)  I always wondered why chicks never were into it ;) I mean there are superheroes for Women ;)  Like Wonder Woman or Jessica Jones ;)
user1: Well, he has gotten me to start watching Jessica Jones, so we will see!
user1: It sounds like you recommend Batman vs. Superman, will have to check it out. Seems like I don't need a lot of background info on the characters to enjoy!?
user2: Superman vs. Batman IS quite romantic You know ;)  Lois Lane and Clark Kent are the couple of all times - even like 50 years ago when Superman was Christopher Reeves ;)
user1: I do enjoy some romance in the movies I watch :-P
user2: Well do You like Amy Adams ?
user2: she is Lois ;)
user2: k, nice talking to You. Good luck on mTurk ;)
user2: bb
user1: THanks!

conversation:
user1: Hi!
user2: Hi!
user2: So Batman vs Superman
user1: So, you read a synopsis of a movie?  What was it called?
user1: Ah, I confess I never saw that!  I'm such a loser.  LOL
user1: What was it about?  I thought they were on the same side?
user2: Its full title is Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. It's okay I didn't see the whole movie either I am more of a marvel person.
user2: I thought they were on the same side too, however it appears they have had a disagreement.
user2: Not sure what over though.
user2: It got 27% on rotten tomatoes...
user1: Well, maybe Superman developed an allergy to bats
user1: Yikes!  That's not good at all
user2: Wonderwoman is in it though which is awesome
user1: I wanted to see her movie.  Looked great!  I'm old enough to remember the real TV show
user2: Yeah her movie was great! This is the first one that you see her in though.
user1: Who was in Batman?  Anyone famous?
user2: Also the synopsis tells me Batman is angry with superman for being an alien and destroying too much stuff
user2: Ben Affleck...
user1: LOL!  Petty superheroes :)
user1: AH, I like him.
user1: Superman got the short end of that one.  He doesn't even have a cool car!
user2: I know. It's kind of nice in the end though Batman rescues supermans mom
user2: so I guess they resolved their differences
user1: Until Superman gets mad at SPiderman cause he hates spiders...
user1: SOunds like I'll be waiting this one to come to Netflix or wherever
user2: I think it's pretty old, it may be on netflix
user1: They had a spate of Superhero things a while ago.  I did love the one about the villains though 
user2: Yeah it's been really popular lately
user1: I saw one that had the Hulk in it, somebody was fighting him, too
user2: Oh I think the thor movie
user1: Correction;  Read about the one with the Hulk
user1: Yeah.  That was it!
user1: Can't we all just get along?  LOL
user1: I'm not big into movies at the theater.  COsts so darned much and I'm a magnet for talking, giggling teens
user2: I know the movies are soooo expensive these days
user2: I don't think I'd see this one in theatres either
user2: it only got a 44/100 on metacritic.
user1: The popcorn is ridiculous.  But I have to have it if I'm going to movies
user1: I usually don't hold a *lot* of value in critics; they tend to be way harsh
user2: That's true, I am easy to entertain as me
user1: Me, too.  I found a lot of movies got lousy ratings and I loved them!  
user1: i think we're running out of movie ideas, they keep resurrecting old ones.  Like It, Death WIsh, and now Nightmare on Elm Street
user2: So many remakes. They will probably remake this one in about a year
user2: Batman V Superman: Again
user1: Lol!  The Legend Continues...this time SUperman's mom will offend Batman's butler
user1: Alfred vs Mrs. Superman

conversation:
user1: Good afternoon
user2: Hello. I am trying to figure out what movie to watch today.
user2: Any recommendations?
user1: Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is pretty entertaining.
user2: Who plays Batman?
user1: Ben Affleck is the latest actor to play batman in this one. 
user2: What about the actor who plays Superman?
user1: That is played by Henry Cavill,   I had never heard of him before this movie.
user2: Director?
user1: Zack Snyder was the director for this movie,  he did a good job.  The film was fun to watch. 
user2: What is the basis of the movie?
user1: Lex Luthor manipulates batman into try to defeat superman.  He uses him as a pawn to try and get rid of him once and for all. 
user2: I don't know... Been Afleck as Batman?? Sounds weird.  Ratings?
user2: Ben*

conversation:
user2: Hi! Today we'll be discussing Batman vs. Superman!
user1: Hi, do you know the name of a movie we can dicuss
user1: Oh
user1: Can you tell me about Batman vs Superman?
user2: If you're a fan of superhero movies, this film is better than Man of Steel but not as good as The Dark Knight!
user1: I'm a big fan of super hero movies. So in order of greatness: Dark Knight, Batman vs Superman, and then Man of Steel?
user2: I would say yes to that. CinemaScore gave it a rating of B which is what I agree with. Are you a fan of Ben Affleck?
user1: I'm a fan of Ben Affleck. Where does the rate for a Ben Affleck movie?
user2: I honestly couldn't say, but he played Batman/Bruce Wayne and of course, is manipulated into battle with Superman!
user1: Who is the villain of the movie?
user2: It's Lex Luthor - he's the one who manipulated Batman into battling Superman. Have you heard of Jesse Eisenberg?
user1: I have heard of Jesse Eisenberg. He's in the film?
user1: Lex Luthor is the main antagonist?
user2: Yes he is! He plays Lex Luthor of LexCorp. He's a bad man! He tried persuading a senator into importing Kryptonite claiming he wants to use it as a deterrent against potential Kyrptonian threats. Of course, his persuasions were unsuccessful. 
user1: Who are the main characters of the film?
user2: Aside from Batman and Luthor, Henry Cavill plays Clark Kent/Superman, Diane Lane plays Martha Kent and Amy Adams plays Louis Lane!
user1: Is this more of a Batman film or more of a Superman film?
user2: It's a combination of both. I'd say equal. Clark sets out to expose Batman through Daily Planet articles while Batman sees Superman as a threat to humanity.
user1: If I'm not really into superhero films, why should I see this film?
user1: What are some of it's other good qualities?
user2: Are you a fan of director Zack Snyder? He directed the movie. Also, Batman and Superman eventually set their differences aside after Batman gains the upper hand in the fight, just before killing him, Superman utters "save Martha" to which Lane enter and explains he means save his mother. Batman backs away and refuses to let an innocent die and saves Martha. That was a great scene!
user1: It sounds good.
user1: Can you give me a synopsis?
user1: It's okay if you need to repeat yourself
user2: Basically, Lex Luthor manipulates Batman into a preemptive battle with Superman who Luthor is completely obsessed with fighting. After the save Martha scene, Batman refuses to kill superman and saves his mother.  Also, are you a fan of Wonder Woman?
user1: Let's say that I don't know who Wonder Woman is. Tell me about Wonder Woman.
user2: She makes her first live action cinematic portrayal in Batman vs Superman, so it's worth watching just to see that and learn! Seeing her in the same movie with Batman and Superman was entertaining!
user1: Sounds great.
user1: Does Wonder Woman have a major role?
user2: She doesn't. The major roles went to Batman, Luthor and Superman. The ending is quite sad as Superman/Clark Kent dies and a memorial is held for Superman.
user1: How long is the movie?
user2: It's 153 minutes but well worth watching to the end. Wayne speaks with Diana (Wonder Woman) and tells her he wants to form a team of meta humans to which he found in Luthor's files!
user1: Can kids watch this movie?
user2: I honestly don't know the rating, but from what I know of the plot, it should be safe for children. Children and adults alike will cheer in the very end when the dirt atop Clark Kent's coffin begins to levitate!
user1: How many thumbs up would you give this film?
user2: I can't honestly say about the thumbs, but I would give it a rating of B - which is what CinemaScore gave it. 

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: I was slightly disappointed by this film as it could not live up to my expectations of batman from Christopher Nolan's trilogy
user2: i share the same sentiment
user2: it took a long time for dc to recreate superman in film
user1: I also don't think they put enough emphasis on character and too much on the fighting
user2: i agree they needed to focus on charater development
user1: And with the amount of things they had the potential to do with this film, they failed miserably below its potential
user2: right
user2: they botched the superman storyline
user1: They should not have rushed it just for profits
user1: Too hard to come back from in future movies
user2: yea they tried to catch up with marvel
user2: i dont like how they introduced genral zod early in the storyline
user1: I also think it is cliche for the hero to appear controversially
user1: I don't like how Clark tried to expose im
user1: him
user2: sae with me. that seems out of character of clark kent
user2: i do like jesse eisenberg as lex luthor 
user1: I do also
user1: I think the kidnapping although cliche was a good idea
user1: Except I don't think batman could overpower superman
user2: yea without his pwoerful tech
user1: But could his tech really overpower him
user2: i also dont get why batman was really so adverse to superman
user1: Shouldn't they have stuck together intially
user2: it feels like they just pittted them against eachother without much thought
user2: it was rushed
user1: Should batman really feel the blame ?
user2: no not really
user2: superman was to blame for everything
user2: he holds most responsibility
user1: But that was not shown enough
user1:  he had the responsibility and the power
user2: exactly!
