wiki document:
cast:
Quinton Aaron as Michael "Big Mike" Oher
Sandra Bullock as Leigh Anne Tuohy
Tim McGraw as Sean Tuohy
Jae Head as Sean "S.J." Tuohy, Jr.
Lily Collins as Collins Tuohy

critical response:
The film received moderately positive reviews, with critics praising Sandra Bullock's performance.
It might strike some viewers as a little too pat, but The Blind Side has the benefit of strong source material and a strong performance from Sandra Bullock.

director:
John Lee Hancock

genre:
Biographical, Sports, Drama

introduction:
The Blind Side is a 2009 American biographical sports drama film written and directed by John Lee Hancock, based on the 2006 book The Blind Side: Evolution of a Game by Michael Lewis.[2][3] The storyline features Michael Oher, an offensive lineman who was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens of the NFL. The film follows Oher from his impoverished upbringing, through his years at Wingate Christian School (a fictional representation of Briarcrest Christian School in Memphis, Tennessee),[4] his adoption by Sean and Leigh Anne Tuohy, to his position as one of the most highly coveted prospects in college football, then finally becoming a first-round pick of the Ravens.

movie name:
The Blind Side

rating:
Rotten Tomatoes: 69% and average: 6.1/10
Metacritic Score: 53/100
CinemaScore: A+

year:
2009

description:
Michael has been in foster care with different families in Memphis, Tennessee, due to his mother's drug addiction. Every time he is placed in a new home, he runs away. His friend's father, on whose couch Mike had been sleeping, asks Burt Cotton, the coach of Wingate Christian School, to help enroll his son and Mike. Impressed by Mike's size and athleticism, Cotton gets him admitted despite his poor academic record. Later, Michael is befriended by a younger student named Sean Jr. ('SJ'). SJ's mother, Leigh Anne Tuohy, is a strong-minded interior designer and the wife of wealthy businessman Sean Tuohy. 
Leigh Anne's friends wonder what she is doing; they suggest that Collins might not be safe around Michael, but Leigh Ann rebukes them. She later asks Collins how she feels about it. Collins replies that they cannot just throw Michael out. When Leigh Anne seeks to become Michael's legal guardian, she learns he was taken from his drug-addict mother when he was seven and that no one knows her whereabouts. She is also told that, although he scored poorly in a career aptitude test, he was ranked in the 98th percentile in 'protective instincts'. When Michael appears to be hesitant to use his strength and size while learning to play football, Leigh Anne tells him, as an offensive lineman, he must protect his quarterback. From that moment, Michael improves drastically, well enough to play at the college level. However, to do that, he must meet the minimum grade point average to get in so the Tuohys hire a private tutor for him, the outspoken and kind Miss Sue. 
Michael runs away before the interview is over and confronts Leigh Anne about her motives for taking him in. He then proceeds to find his biological mother in Hurt Village. A gang leader welcomes him back, offers him a beer, and makes sexually offensive insinuations about Leigh Anne and Collins. When the gang leader threatens to go after them, Michael battles with him and other thugs. After thinking things over and questioning Leigh Anne, Michael tells Granger he chose Ole Miss because 'it's where my family goes to school'. Michael is accepted into college and says his farewells to the Tuohy family. 

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi! Have you seen the Blindside with Sandra Bullock?
user2: No I havent, have you?
user1: Yes. Are you a sports fan?
user2: Yes, are you?
user1: I was raised in a sports family and I am a movie fan. This is based on a true story.
user2: What is the true story?
user1: It the story of Michael Oher who in high school was adopted by a white family and with their support went to college on a football scholarship and was drafted by the Ravens in the pros.
user2: Oh wait I think I've heard about this
user2: I think I know the football player it was based on
user2: Was it good?
user1: It is a "feel good" movie that has a sports angle. Yes, a lot like "Hoosiers". I took my sons to see it. It really is a family movie.
user2: I've never seen Hoosiers, would you say Blind Side is one of the best sports movies ever?
user1: Michael was in foster care due to his mother's drug addiction. He ran away from foster homes. A coach of a private school recruits him into high school but he seems so far behind academically it seems impossible for him to graduate. It is a great sports movie!
user2: Why did he run away from the foster homes? abuse?
user1: It is also one that shows the bond of the adoptive mother and the ability for an underprivileged kid to overcome adversity. 
user2: Is it also a story about racial harmony?
user1: I think he overheard from the foster parents that he was not welcome in their home.
user2: Because he was black?
user1: He was that and also very difficult to communicate with.
user2: Why was he hard to speak with?
user1: I think he was withdrawn from living in the projects and have a drug addicted mother. He was taken in by the white family when they realized he was hanging out in the gym. Her friends thought she was crazy to take him in.   The hired a tutor to help him get through high school.
user2: What motivated the foster mom to take him in? Did she a black ex lover?
user1: I think she just felt that they were wealthy enough to help a deserving kid. He test high in protective instincts so she told him his job was to protect the quarterback. From then on he became good enough to be recruited for college teams.
user2: That's nice of her, did he pay her back eventually?
user1: I think it also really bothered her that their family took so many privileges for granted. 
user2: What was wrong with her own family?
user1: They were very successful and had a lot of money. Micheal just never had the opportunities. After becoming a member of the family he  tried to go  back to visit his mother but realized she had been evicted. He told the NCAA he chose to go to Ol' Miss because that is where his family goes.
user2: Did the mom eventually get better?
user1: The birth mother doesn't show up in the movie. Micheal does go off to college.

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: Hi! Just reading about "The Blind Side" movie - have you seen it?
user1: I've never seen it. What's it about?
user2: It's got a few things going on - family (well-off folks adopt a poor teenager), sports (teen's a football star, how will he get into college?), and some social commentary about all of the above.
user2: Oh, and it's based on a true story.
user1: Ah I see. Who is the story based on?
user2: An NFL player named Michael Oher. He played for Baltimore.
user1: Ah, I see. Who plays him?
user2: He's played by Quinton Aaron. I don't know the name - do you? Maybe I'd recognize his photo...
user1: I don't recognize it either. What position does he play in the movie?
user2: Also, I forgot to say - the story's also based on his real family, the Tuohys.
user2: He's an offensive lineman - a big, athletic guy.
user1: Got it! Are there any star actor/actresses in it?
user2: Yes - Sandra Bullock is the mother, and Tim McGraw is the father. I didn't know he acted, did you? 
user1: I didn't either! That's wild. Did you enjoy the movie?
user2: Yeah, it's interesting when stars in other areas cross over to new ones, right?
user2: The movie was good - above average for sure, but not astounding. Which is a fine thing, for a movie, yes?
user1: It can be, but not always. I'm personally not that interested in Sports. How heavily does that impact my ability to watch it?
user2: I hear you - I'm not super-into Sports, either. There's a lot more going on that makes it a good watch: Michael runs away from foster care + football offers a way for him to feel better about himself and life; Leigh Anne's friends question the safety of adopting him via thinly veiled racism and classism; there's a bit about him becoming comfortable with his talents. Sound any better? :)
user1: That definitely makes it sound a little better. I heard there was some backlash about the racial parts of the movie. Do you think any part of the movie made you uncomfortable?
user2: There were some complaints that it's too pat - say, everything went so smoothly despite all the pain the boy had endured b/c of his drug-addict mother, feeling unloved, that sort of (awful) thing. Aside from what I mentioned above (the mom's racist friends - whom she rebukes), I don't know about any other backlash. What did you hear?
user1: Just that some people found it offensive. Then again, who doesn't find things offensive? What else did you enjoy about the film?
user2: That's true. Maybe some people didn't like that it was a white family helping a black boy? I'm not sure. I did like when they got Michael a tutor - she was outspoken and nice, so her personality added some fun to the goings-on. And seeing him become happier and feel loved while doing better at football was great...inspiring, hopeful, that sort of thing. 
user1: Is there anything that you didn't like about the movie?
user2: Not dislike, per se, but there were elements that were harder to watch. For example, the scene w/ the mother's racist friends was disturbing - not least b/c it was so realistic. And when Michael goes back to his childhood home and his time with the gang members there turns violent, it's stressful and sad to think it might derail Michael's future.
user1: It seems like they tackled the reality of the situation really well. It would make me uncomfortable to see the more racist elements, but that is a part of life. I hope the movie helps other people see the reasons to try and overcome issues. Do you have a favorite scene?
user2: Yes, I agree - it's good to show it, and good to make people uncomfortable, so they think about it and hopefully see what's wrong. I think my favorite scene is when Michael questions Leigh Anne (mother) about her motives for taking him in. It was an important conversation to have, and not an easy one, but ultimately Michael's okay w/ what she says - and it shows that he's finally feeling safe enough to have opinions about things.
user1: Wow. That seems really moving honestly.
user1: Does he decide to go to college?
user2: Yes, it was moving! I teared up, for sure.
user1: I bet! I would too
user2: And yes, he does decide to go to college. The parts w/ the tutor are in pursuit of that - the family and Miss Sue all work together to help him catch up on the work he's missed, and move forward, too.

conversation:
user1: Hi!
user2: Have you watched Blindside? You should totally watch it, it's a truly empowering movie about the struggles of a football player growing up into becoming a professional athlete.
user1: Wow, that sounds pretty good.  What's the name of the athlete?
user2: Michael Oher!
user1: Ok. I don't recognize the name. Who did he play for in pro ball?
user2: pro football, he was a offensive lineman for the Baltimore Ravens
user1: Hm, that's cool.  So what kind of struggles did he have?
user2: He was raised in an impoverished upbringing.
user2: Its truly amazing, you should watch it
user1: It sounds interesting.  Is it kid-friendly?  
user2: Yes it is PG! It is very cute in the movie when Michael meets his new families young boy named SJ. they bond so closely together
user1: Oh sweet.  It's always nice to find something the kids can watch with us that isn't some lame cartoon!  So he gets a new family? Is that kind of the main plot?
user2: Yes it is, he gets a new family that is very wealthy. The mom loves Michael so much, you can really tell. She wants him to pursue whatever goal that he wants.
user1: Sounds like a good story.  Who made the movie?
user2: The director was John Lee Hancock
user2: It's rated A+ on cinemascore
user1: Wow, that's a good score.  Are there any famous actors in it?
user2: Sandra Bullock is in it, she was praised for her job in it!
user1: Oh I like her.  I'll have to check it out. 
user2: Sandra's friends in the movie criticize the actor, wondering why she would adopt a black kid. Very empowering
user2: Sandra goes against her friends wills, and keeps raising Micahel
user1: That sounds like a really good message for our time when people are focusing on polarizing races.  It would make for a lot of good conversations with kids too.
user1: So does the movie have a lot of football in it?
user2: Not as much as you would think. Its about 25% football! A lot of the movie is about whats going on behind the scenes with his family issues
user2: Michael gets into a fight with people back home, because that make sexual jokes about his new mom
user1: Ah ok.  My husband really likes football so he might be interested.  I like sports movies when they have good character development.
user2: Michael stands up for his mom, and gets into a fight
user1: Sounds like a good kid.
user2: Really? you would absolutely love this movie then, I'm surprised you haven't seen it yet. It's won many awards
user1: Oh really? Which awards did it win?
user2: I can't remember actually
user2: Sorry!
user1: oh ok, well I don't really follow the awards stuff anyway.  :)
user1: What happened to him when he grew up? Did he stay close to this family?
user2: Yes, it's a true story. He actually still plays in the NFL! 
user2: I love when these types of stories are true stories
user2: Makes it so much more real
user1: Yes, I do too. My husband actually hates it when he finds out the story was fiction, so he'd like that too.

conversation:
user1: Hello, how are 
user1: you doing?
user2: Hi!  I'm doing well, thanks!
user2: So, what did you think of the blind side?
user1: I love sports documentaries, so I favored this movie. How about you?
user2: It was quite good.  I'm not surprised it got such good reviews on Cinemascore
user1: Same here. It is a little odd that it got lower reviews on other platforms like Metacritic. I take it you like sports docs too?
user2: Yes, very much.  It's surprising how much adversity Oher had to overcome, don't you think?
user1: Yeah, It must've been really difficult on him. I wonder how he felt having to relive his experience through the movie. I don't know how I would handle it. 
user1: Did you like Sandra Bullock in the movie?
user2: Yeah, Bullock was great.  Although, she's a great actor so I think she does well in most of her roles
user1: Totally agree. Easy to see why the critics applauded her performance
user1: Any thoughts on any of the other actors? I had forgotten Tim McGraw was in the movie, haha
user2: I thought Quinton Aaron was very good, too.  
user2: It must have been tough to go through foster care so much, but I think it's good that Oher found something to latch on to in football.
user1: Yeah, he certainly excelled in it. I think he was able to apply his protective qualities in his personality to football
user2: Definitely.  He was also very lucky to finally find a good foster family.  It's super difficult to find a good family that cares about their foster kids.
user1: Yeah, I would imagine that it's hard. I feel like that's why it was such agood movie. Nothing seemed to be all that good in his life until he found a family that would treat him like one of their own
user2: What do you think of the idea of "protective instincts" and how it influenced Oher's behavior?
user1: I remember he ranked very high when he was taking his career test. It definitely translated well into his efforts in football. Do you think that helped his family as well?
user2: I'm sure it did.  It's ironic, though, that he has such strong protective instincts when he was abandoned by his mother. Do you think he was overcompensating?
user2: How did you feel about the scene where Collins adopts Oher?
user1: As for being overcompensating, that he was not. I think that was built naturally in him, where he was not consciously trying to do it.
user2: How did you feel about the scene where Collins adopts Oher?
user1: I think LeighAnne's friends were concerned that Collins would not be safe around him.
user1: I think that was probably a tough choice for the family to make as a whole.
user2: Do you think going to Ole Miss was a good decision?
user1: Yeah in the long run, he felt like he had family there. Do you think that he meant his mother at all in that choice?
user2: Probably not because she was a drug addict.  I think he was referring to his adopted family.
user2: How do you think the gang leader in his old town affected him?
user1: I think that was what grew his protective instincts even more. He was worried what might happen to his adoptive family when Leigh Anne and Collins were threatened by the gang leader. 
user1: Do you think he made the right decision to fight back?
user2: Yeah, definitely, you have to protect yourself!
user1: Absolutely, I think he felt more of a connection with his adoptive family than with his own!
user2: Definitely, and who wouldn't.  I don't understand why people are so connected to their blood relatives if they weren't around to be part of their family
user1: Yep. It seems like the Tuohy family accepted him and made him feel like he belonged there with him.
user1: Good conversation, thanks for chatting!

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user2: What do you think of John Lee Hancock?
user1: Hello.  

conversation:
user1: hi!
user2: hi
user2: Have you seen the Movie The Blindside?
user1: No I have not
user1: Is it good ?
user2: It is very good. I liked it a lot!
user1: Cool. 
user1: What is the genre of the movie?
user2: The Genre is a Biographical Sports Drama. 
user2: Are you into those?
user1: nopes.
user1: not really
user2: Do you want to know what it is about?
user1: but if the actors are good and the movie reviews are good then I might be interested
user1: sure
user2: The Blind Side is a 2009 American biographical sports drama film written and directed by John Lee Hancock, based on the Book The Blind Side: Evolution of a Game by Michael Lewis. The storyline features Michael Oher, an offensive lineman who was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens of the NFL. The film follows Oher from his impoverished upbringing, through his years at Wingate Christian School, his adoption by Sean and Leigh Anne Tuohy, to his position as one of the most highly coveted prospects in college football, then finally becoming first-round pick of the Ravens. It stars Quinton Aaron as Big Mike, Sandra Bullock as Leigh Anne Tuohy, Tim Mcgraw as Sean Tuhoy.
user1: that sounds interesting
user1: does the movie have a happy ending?
user2: The film received moderately positive reviews, with critics praising Sandra Bullock's performance. It scored 69% and average; 6.1/10 on Rotten tomatoes
user2: Yes, it has a very happy ending.
user1: awesome
user1: then i might watch it
user1: did you see it when it was released?
user2: Sounds good. I think you would enjoy it very much. I know I did. I really like Sandra Bullock Movies
user2: I did see it when it was released.
user1: Yeah, I loved her acting in Miss Congeniality
user2: Yes, one of my favorites. A lot of her older ones as well.
user2: Do you have any other questions about the Movie
user2: ?
user1: How long is the movie?
user2: It was pretty long, maybe a little over 2 hours.
user1: wow, thats a long movie
user2: It's one of those movies that you can rewatch over and over and not get tired of it.
user2: It feels like Watching it for the first time, every time. 
user1: oh so you have seen it more than once?
user2: Oh yes, a few times. 

conversation:
user1: hi.  do you like movies?
user2: Love movies.  How about you?
user1: I do.  Sports movies are really of interest.
user1: The Blind Side is one of my favorites.  Have you seen it?
user2: Such a good movie.  I am a sucker for movies based on true stories and that is a particularly good one.  Is that the movie we are discussing?
user1: yes, The Blind Side.  I am a huge Sandra Bullock fan.
user2: What did you like about the movie?
user1: I like that she is this tiny petitie southern lady and takes in this huge kid and teaches him respect as well as football.
user1: what about you?
user2: We have an adopted daughter so all the connections with adoption tug at my heart.  I also love the little brother in the movie.  What did you think about the racial issues in the movie?
user1: kinda crazy huh?  i am from the northeast and we don't see that type of behavior.
user1: even though Boston is a pretty white collar not very diverse Irish Catholic city, that behavior would never stand.
user2: I'm from the NW.  I think where it is exists up here it is somewhat hidden beneath the surface but racism rears it's head still.  What did you think about the NCAA investigator in the movie?
user1: i'd definitely watch it again.  you?
user2: It is one of the few movies I own.  I've probably seen it 5-7 times.  How about you?
user1: i don't recall the ncaa guy
user1: i've seen it once striaght through and a couple times on tv but not the whole thing.
user2: It was a woman.  The questions were surrounding if the family adopted him in order to get him to play for the school they went too.  It was really sad how it caused their adopted son to question their motives.
user1: ah right
user2: It is a good reminder that people use people all the time.  The vulnerable, like a poor kid from the projects can be targets.  Pretty sad reality.
user2: Anything you didn't like about the movie?
user1: i always thought as the real Leigh Ann really that tough on him?
user1: for a kid who has run away and been through fosyer care you'd think he would have stuck around for someone more compassionate...
user2: Yeah that is interesting.  The football coach at the school kind of bugged me.  He initially just saw the boy as a way to win games.  
user1: though i found it interesting they tested him and found he has high "protective instinct" score... 
user2: that was interesting.  Do you think that was real or just a cool story line in the movie?
user2: regardless the writers of this movie did a great job
user1: i garee
user1: agree
user2: anything else you noticed in the movie?
user1: well, when he doubts Leigh Anns motives he runs back to his mother.  
user2: man that was a crazy scene back at his moms house.  I forgot about that.  Can you believe that is reality for tons of people in the USA
user1: some gang leader threatens Leigh Ann or makes rude commetns and Michael loses his mind...  looked like a turning point
user1: seems like michael finds help from the right people at the right times...  hollywood huh?
user2: yeah.  I want to believe it was all true but obviously some is to make it a good movie.
user2: How incredible that he made it to the NFL though.  
user1: still was a good story.
user1: hard t compmress 4 or 5 years into 2 hours
user2: that is very true.  Is Michael still in the NFL?
user1: think so  Carolina Panthers now
user1: wait... $20M contract with the Tennesee Titans.
user1: homecoming for him of sorts
user2: that is really cool.  long career for him.  What a story
user1: well google says he is now retired.  failed his physical in 2017 for Carolina.  
user1: maybe acting is in his next career...  lol
user2: Oh still a good long career.  Are we complete now?
user1: think so
user2: Cool didn't want to bail and mess it up for you!  Good chat
user1: you too

conversation:
user2: HELLO
user2: SO WHAT MOVIE DOCUMENT DID YOU READ?
user1: Hi, do you watch alot of movies? today I am talking baout a sandra bullock movie
user2: I DO! I LOVE MOVIES. I DON'T CARE FOR SANDRA BULLOCK TOO MUCH THOUGH. 
user2: WHAT IS THE MOVIE ABOUT?
user1: This is a really good movie, about sports, basically about an offensive line man named Michael Other
user2: OOH! THE BLIND SIDE! ONE OF MY FAVORITES! NOW I WANT TO WATCH IT AGAIN!
user2: IS IT ON TV ANY TIME SOON?
user2: OR DO YOU KNOW WHERE THEY MIGHT SELL IT IN STORES?
user1: Yes, many people were positive ad it had good reviews based on what I am reading.
user2: I'M GOING TO SEE IF I CAN RENT IT FROM A REDBOX OR SOMETHING. IF NOT, I'M DEFINITELY GOING TO BUY IT!
user2: I'M HONESTLY SO EXCITED, I HAVEN'T SEEN IT IN SO LONG. I DONT REMEMBER THE STORY EXACTLY, BUT I REMEMBER LOVING IT THE WHOLE TIME I WAS WATCHING IT. DO YOU REMEMBER HOW IT STARTS?
user1: I love this movie also, I also never realized that the guy who played the Dad was Tim Mcgraw
user2: I LOVE HIS MUSIC!
user2: WHAT'S YOUR FAVORITE PART OF THE MOVIE?
user1: I love when Sandra Bullock realizes that Mike is homeless and brings him home. And of course when he got his own bed, it made me cry
user2: YEAH, IT'S A VERY EMOTIONAL MOVIE, FOR SURE.
user2: SUCH A GREAT STORYLINE.
user1: Mikes home life mad me so sad, I liked how he bonded with sj
user2: YEAH, SJ IS SO ADORABLE! MIKE WAS SUCH A SWEETHEART.
user2: THEY PICKED GREAT ACTORS FOR THAT MOVIE.
user1: No doubt, I have often thought of reading the book Mike wrote called The Blind Side Evolution of a game, just cause I loved the movie so much
user2: oh, wow, i didn't even know there was a book out!
user2: that's incredible. i love to read! i wonder if the blind side was based on a book first?
user1: I would like to read it but I just don't get sports. Quinton Abton was Big Mike though, he played that part so well.
user2: it is more about caring for others than sports, in my honest opinion. and yes, he did extremely well portraying the character! i hope he won an awarad from it!
user1: I hope so too. I also loved Kathy Bates as his tutor it was such a different role for her. I got upset that I know these situations really happens with kids being homeless .
user2: yes! she was great at it!
user2: i know, i wish there was a way that everyone could just help out.
user1: I was tense that he had to get some a rise in grade point average to stay in school. It made me sad about Michael being placed in foster care at 7 because his mom was a drug adict
user2: omg yes, that was scary cause i know he wanted to play football so bad! and it was messed up when they tried to make it seem like the parents were just using him for football.
user1: Yes it was, along with the way Sandra Bullocks friends all were aghast that she took in this large colored boy and her daughter may not be safe
user2: oh yeah! like when they were laughing at the family portrait! that wasn't right at all.
user1: I know it addressed alot of problems that are prevelant in our society including that scene you mentioned where Michael is questioned about where he wants to go school and the Tuchy;s influencing his  choice
user2: EXACTLY IT WAS A GREAT MOVIE TO MAKE.
user1: Looking at the notes it seemed like it didn't get really great reviews thougn it was a tear jerker and I am defiinitely watching this soon.
user2: YEAH, I'M GONNA TRY TO FIND IT IN THE STORE TONIGHT WHEN I GOT SHOPPING SO THAT I CAN WATCH IT TOMORROW.
user1: Cool, I will too.! I really don;t get football-;like at all the only way I understood what Mike was supposed to do when his Mom told him he must protect his quarterback.

conversation:
user1: hello
user1: which movie are we talking about?
user2: The movie is "The Blind Side"
user2: It is the one about the footbal player adopted by a rich family
user2: Sandra Bullock got a an oscar for it.
user2: Hello?
user1: Have you seen it?
user1: I really enjoyed the movie as it was based on a true story
user1: It was emotional and touching

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: hi there
user1: did you read the document 
user2: I did, abou tthe Blnd Side
user1: oh cool. what's it about?
user2: Ok movie. Definite feel good story
user1: who is in the movie?
user2: About a a white family taking in an african american kid, who turns out to be a good athlete, who eventaully becomes a pro football player.
user1: awesome sounds like a good movie. is it sad?
user2: Sandra Bullock, 
user2: Tim McGraw
user2: Not sad at all, unless the kid leaving his family is sad.
user1: oh okay! 
user1: why did he leave his family?
user2: I dont recall why, something about poverty
user2: I dont recall the mother really caring
user1: oh okay. Makes sense. Does he ever see his mother again? 
user2: I think he does.
user1: oh okay. does he call the new mother "mom"
user2: Pretty much
user2: I think he at least feels protected
user1: oh okay! sounds like an interesting movie.
user1: Have you actually seen the movie?
user2: yes, but a while ago
user1: oh okay. anything else happen in the movie?
user2: I think the kid still plays ni the nfl
user1: oh wow thats awesome!
user1: is it based on a true story?
user2: I'm actually way more into football than I am the movie haha
user2: Yes, it is based on a true story.
user1: oh awesome. I know nothing about football to be honest 
user2: The kid does well enough when they find a way to meet his learning style he ends up going to college too
user2: His mother was a drug addict, accoring to the document. He keeps running away from homes though
user1: oh okay

conversation:
user2: Hello
user2: Have you watched new movie of hohn lee hancock
user2: hey man its a great movie
user1: Hello
user2: its a Biographic sports drama
user2: called The blind side
user1: Yes I have watched already like 10 times and you
user2: not yet
user2: but sounds great
user1: And it teach you a lot 
user2: it has nice reviews
user1: You have to see it... speaciallt rhe environment that we live right now 
user2: I should go and watch it
user1: It teach you that the race it doesn’t matter 
user2: she did good acting I guess
user2: hard life of foster child
user1: You should I recommend it 
user1: Yes specially with the acting of the kid mike 
user1: But at the same time is a sad movie 
user1: Because how a parent can’t take care of the kid when you have it 
user2: well I guess life gets better
user2: when you have good family
user1: Yes and this movie will tell you 
user2: she is a good interior designer
user1: and the meaning of adoption is cas fast I 
user2: she was always at his side
user1: Yes I love her acting in the movie 
user2: that is important
user1: And in all movies does she does it’s amazing 
user2: that made him succeed
user1: Yes totally 
user1: The re is a part that’s it’s hilarious when they try to buy clothes to mike her face was hilarious haha
user2: gang leader threaten him
user2: but michael really showed spirrit
user1: Yes I totally agree 
user1: You should watch it 
user2: nice to talk
user2: bye

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: Hi

conversation:
user1: Hi, what is the name of the movie?
user2: hey, it's called The Blind Side, it's an incredible movie about a guy who grew up in poverty but ended up playing for the nfl team, the Ravens.
user1: Steelers Fan here. What's the player's name?
user2: Michael Oher, you're probably familiar with the story as a football fan
user1: Yes.  Sandra Bullock played the mom, right?
user2: Yup and she was incredible in the movie, one of her better performances for sure.
user1: Ok. When did the movie come out?
user2: It came out in 2009. Wow, time flies!
user1: Who played Michael Oher?
user2: A fine actor by the name of Quinton Aaron
user1: What was Sandra Bullock's character's name?
user2: Bullock took on the role of Leigh Anne Tuohy.
user1: Did the movie win any Oscars?
user2: Unfortunately not, there must've been some strong contenders that year.
user1: Do you know how long the movie is?
user2: Nope, it probably had a decent length.
user1: Which actor plays Mr. Tuohy?
user2: That would be Tim McGraw.
user1: Oh yes.  What position did Michael Oher play?
user2: He was an offensive linemen and I think he was on the left side, since the movie is titled The Blind Side.
user1: You sure know a lot about this movie.  I wish we could discuss other movies as well.
user2: For sure, I would enjoy that. 
user1: I guess I have to keep asking questions only about this movie then.  Is it rated PG?
user2: There were some really intense scenes in the movie. I remember one where Michael runs away and then finds his biological mother. It was touching stuff!
user2: Yeah, I think it's pg.
user1: Was his mother in a bad state?
user2: Yeah, she eventually gave him up for adoption because she couldn't take care of him. I think drug use was an issue. 
user1: So she was a crack whore?
user2: Not sure what drugs she partook in but she seemed like a nice person when she was sober.
user1: So since it is PG, I guess there are no nude scenes with Sandra Bullock?
user2: There was another great scene that showed Michael running away from the various foster homes he was placed in. 
user2: There was definitely no nude scenes lol.
user1: What would really send the audience for a blind side is if there was a nude scene between Michael and Tim McGraw
user2: Are you going to check the movie out? It had a rather impressive A+ CinemaScore!
user2: Yeah I guess, although they were playing older people in the movie. 
user1: I think I will.  I saw it back when it came out and was not too impressed because I guess it was so hyped up, but I think it deserves a second viewing because so many people love it so much
user2: I think the movie was more impressive because it was based on a true story.

conversation:
user2: Hey there.
user1: Evening
user2: I saw a movie you may like.... It's called the Blind side. Have you heard of it?
user1: No, who is in it?
user2: Sandra Bullock and Tim McGraw play the mom and dad.
user1: Oh, they are ugly people! Are there any cool fight scenes? I like fight scenes!
user2: Quinton Aaron is the main character 
user1: I don't know who quinton is. Does he fight?
user2: It is an American Biographical sports drama.
user1: What sport?
user2: Football
user1: is it a happy movie?
user2: It is a little all over when it comes to emotions.
user1: I might watch it on hot tub night. Who is the director
user1: ?
user2: John Lee hancock
user1: what else has he directed?
user2: I am not sure
user1: and tim plays quinton?
user2: The movie is based on Michael Oher's upbringing. and follows him as he goes from the projects to a Christian school and then is adopted by Sean and Leigh Ann Touhy.
user2: Tim play Sean Touhy
user2: Quinton plays Michael Oher
user2: Michael Oher was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens.
user1: It sounds neat to watch his upbringing. Sean and leigh were well off?
user1: Are the ravens a good team?
user2: Yes, the Touhy's were well off. 
user2: His mother was a drug addict and Michael had been with several foster families. Whenever he was placed in a new home he'd run away.
user2: I am not sure how good the Raven's are.
user1: Oh it sounds like he had a hard life. That would be interesting to watch
user1: He liked staying with the last family then?
user2: Mrs Touhy took him into her home after finding out he had no place to go.
user1: I will check it out, thanks!
user1: It sounds interesting watching him grow up
user2: The Toughy's helped him get his grades up so he could play football at the school.

conversation:
user1: Hi there
user2: Hey
user2: So what did you think of the movie?
user1: I think it would be an interesting movie to watch
user1: what about you?
user2: It seemed pretty inspirational, most movies that portray the struggle into success is worth watching.
user1: Yes, it looks like Michael Oher experience a lot of hardship growing up.
user1: experienced*
user2: Yeah, seems like he beat the odds drastically. It just goes to show you that hard work and a little bit of luck can get you far in life.
user1: I agree.
user1: He definitely made it from the bottom.
user2: Yeah you got that right
user2: I had no idea Sandra Bullock was in this to be honest
user1: And Tim McGraw
user1: Those are some big names.
user2: Haha I was about to say that
user1: It has some great reviews too.
user2: I can't believe he ran away at a young age. Can't blame him though, it's hard to go through normal life when a family member is on drugs all the time
user2: Seems he had some good luck with some good people that helped him get into school and football.
user1: I agree. The two individuals that adopted him changed his life forever
user2: Definitely, it also shows what kind of person he is by him withholding his strength at first
user1: It is a shame that Leigh Anne's friends did not approve of what she was doing.
user2: Yeah it's sad how people judge just because they don't understand the situation.
user2: Though thank goodness Leigh Anne is strong willed
user1: Yep, they pass judgement too soon and without all of the information
user1: Yes, she is definitely strong.
user2: It's crazy how he was approached by gang members when he went to go see his biological mother.
user2: It's good that he chose the right path though
user1: That must have been a scary situation for him.
user2: True, but it made him stronger of a person. It also most likely made him realize he didn't belong with the criminals especially after they were making sexual comments about the same person who was taking care of him
user1: That is what probably made him decide that life was not for him. When someone talks that way about someone you love you know they are not your true friend.

conversation:
user2: Hey! Have you seen the movie "The Blind Side"?
user1: I have not, but I have heard great things about it.  Anything in specific you can tell me about it that makes it stand out?
user2: Well, It's based on a book, so you know its gotta be from a well told story
user1: That's for sure.  Do you know what it covers basically?
user2: Its a biography, so it covers a true story. It's about a football player with a rough childhood
user1: I'm assuming the football player overcomes a lot of adversity as an adult as well?
user2: The movie focuses more on his early life, and his life as a young adult
user1: Ah, that's good news to me..I'm not the hugest fan of the sports side of movies.  So it's more on him as a person than the actual football?
user2: Yeah, there's certainly football involved, but the movie is mainly about how he overcomes adversity with the help of people that come into his life
user1: Do you know if there is any tragedy in it?  I do love me some drama here and there.
user2: There's quite a bit of tragic happening. The football player's mother was a drug addict
user1: Ouch.  Do you know offhand who's starring in the movie?
user2: Sandra Bullock is the biggest star. Her performance was considered great
user1: Ah, she's a great actress.  Do you know if any awards were won by the movie?
user2: Not to my knowledge, however I know the scores the movie got. It has an A+ on CinemaScore
user1: That's a pretty admirable rating.  Do you know who directed it?
user2: John Lee Hancock did
user1: Him I don't know haha, but if he's working with Sandra he must be good.  In your opinion is this a family friendly movie?  Like would my 10 year old be able to enjoy it?
user2: I think that with parental guidance the film could definitely be suitable for young audiences. Depending on your opinion though, the themes of this movie could be too heavy for a child under 13
user1: Disregarding the themes, do you think it's a pretty easy movie to follow, even if you aren't a huge football fanatic?
user2: Yes, the plot doesn't focus on the football as much, so a knowledge of football isn't needed
user1: Awesome.  Do you happen to know approximately how long it is?
user2: No, I don't
user1: Ok, you've given me a ton of information anyway!  Do you know what it's rated?
user2: No, but I'd guess PG-13 at least, because of the heavier themes and the depictions of neglect
user1: That makes sense to me.  Do you know if any racism themes are covered at all?
user2: I know that the football player is taken in by an adoptive family. He is black, and they are white. Some of the adoptive mom's friends don't approve, so the movie definitely does tackle racism
user1: That's a great thing.  I don't want too much spoiled, but does it at least have a happy ending?
user2: Without spoiling anything, the football player is drafted into the NFL, you'd get that by googling his name, as this is a true story. The movie is more about his journey, and the hardships along the way.

conversation:
user2: hello what is the name of the movie?
user1: The blind side.
user2: sounds good what is it about?
user1: It's a sports movie kind of like a biography about a football player.
user2: a professional football player?
user1: Yes, he was a NFL player.
user2: what was his name?
user1: His name was Michael Oher.
user1: He was an offensive lineman.
user2: when did it take place what year?
user1: Well the movie came out in 2009. Hmm, I'm not sure when the movie actually took place.
user1: It has a pretty good movie rating. 
user2: is it a true story or not?
user1: Yes, it's a biography on a real nfl player.
user1: He was in foster care in Memphis, Tennessee because his mom was a drug addict.
user2: ok and he made it into the nfl with a life like that that awesome
user1: Yea, it seems like he had a rough upbringing, but he met a friend named SJ and things kind of improved from there.
user2: those are the kind of stories and movies i like to watch true storys peoples lives
user2: was cj a girl or guy?
user1: I know me too. SJ was a guy. 
user2: where they kids when they met or teenagers or adult?
user1: So after Michael met SJ, he started hanging around SJ's mom too. SJ was a kid that hung around Michael.
user1: SJ's mom, her name was Leigh Anne.
user2: ok and it was good for michael to be around sj and his mom
user2: sj mom kinda take over the mom role for michael?
user1: Yes, Leigh Anne was playing a mother role towards Michael and Leigh Anne's friends didn't really like her hanging around Michael.
user1: They thought he might be dangerous.
user2: because of his upbringing and how his mom was?
user2: judging him for his parents faults
user1: Well yea plus Michael had a rough upbringing, following the wrong crowd.
user1: So he ran away because he was questioning why Leigh Anne even wanted him in the family.
user1: When he ran away, he went to find his mom.
user2: so he wasnt a good kid he was doing bad things hanging out with wrong crowd til he met sj then he started doing the right thing and trying to be good?
user2: did he find her?
user1: At first yes, but then when he found out about Leigh Anne's friends not wanting him around, he ran away to find his mom and he did find her. There was a gang leader at his mom's place when he got there.
user2: and?
user2: how did he get into the nfl?
user1: The gang leader was talking about going after SJ and his mom. It sounded pretty intense and Michael got into a fight with the gang leader and other members.
user1: He ended up getting accepted into this college called Ole Miss and he chose that school because it was closer to his home.
user1: It sounds emotional because once he got into school, he said goodbye to Leigh Anne and SJ.
user2: ok so did his mom get clean and did they live happily ever after?
user1: No, it appears he left his mom after getting into the fight with the gang leader. He told them he was done with that and went off to college. This was before he joined the nfl.
user1: I'm glad he decided not to stick around with his mom because it seemed like a bad idea.
user1: I think he joined the NFL after college.
user2: ok good well i think we can finish the survey now thank you sounds like a good book/movie
user1: This movie itself has an A+ rating so I think it might be really good to watch.

conversation:
user1: Good morning
user2: Good morning!
user1: Have you ever seen the movie 'the blind side'?
user2: Have you seen the Blind Side before?
user2: Ha! Yes but it's been awhile.
user1: Jinx. :)
user2: You?
user1: Same for me, it has been a while since I last seen it
user2: I'm surprised it got such low reviews.
user1: I agree, the numbers seem far too low. IMDb's score is not listed, however
user2: Do you like Sandra Bullock?
user1: She is quite good in all of her films.
user1: What do you think of her?
user2: I agree. I thought she was really good in this one too.
user2: The guy that played Big Mike was good too
user1: Agreed, they both were quite good
user2: The back story for Mike was kind of sad
user1: Indeed. It is an interesting story. Seeing this boy go from poverty and sleeping on someone's couch to college prospect, and then professional player was inspiring
user2: I'm sure the movie inspired a lot of other young athletes
user1: Understandably
user2: I think it's incredible that this family took him in like that
user1: It is incredible. Something that is totally lacking in most of the world, to be honest
user2: which is why they had to make a movie about it :)
user1: Of course
user2: I would be curious to know where Mike is today
user1: He is still in the NFL, I believe
user1: I am not as sure as to what team he plays for, but I am relatively sure that he is still playing
user2: I didn't remember that Tim McGraw was the dad. He's the big country singer right?
user1: He is. I do not remember him much from the movie, which may or may not be a bad thing
user2: Alright have a good day!

conversation:
user1: hi!
user1: what movie are we talking about today?
user2: Hi, have you seen the movie The Blind Side?
user1: I don't think so... the title sounds familiar though
user1: I may have seen the preview
user1: Who is in it?
user2: It's a movie with Sandra Bullock about Michael Oher.
user1: I like Sandra Bullock
user1: I don't recognize Michael Oher's name
user2: Quinton Aaron stars as Michael Oher, Tim McGraw is also in it
user1: What's the premise of hte movie
user1: I didn't know that Tim McGraw was acting.... what year did it come out?
user1: have you seen it?
user2: Oher had an impoverished upbringing. He was adopted by Sean (Tim McGraw) and Leigh Anne (Sandra Bullock) Tuohy.
user2: The movie came out in 2009
user2: Yes I seen it, it is a really good movie.
user1: oh yeah!  i think I did see the preview.  It looked good....
user1: I don't know why I didn't see it????  Oh well, maybe I will locate it via Netflix or Amazon Prime
user2: It really is good.
user1: What else happened in it?
user2: It received moderately positive reviews
user1: that decent
user1: that's decent...***
user2: Michael Oher was passed around a lot of foster homes but always ran away from them
user1: anything really noteworthy?
user1: oh.... that's not good, but if he ended up with a good family in the end... i guess it worked out.  how did he meet the family?
user2: The friends of Leigh Anne thought she was crazy and didn't feel that the family was safe around Michael
user1: well, i am glad that it worked out.  it sounds like he needed some stability.
user1: anything else noteworthy?
user2: Michael met the family when he met Sean, Jr. in a Christian School.
user1: that is cool.....  
user2: Sean, Jr. is the son of Leigh Anne and Sean Tuohy.
user1: I figured from the name Sean (the father)
user2: Sorry, just giving information to help
user1: No problem
user2: The story goes on about the problems that Michael faces. How he can't understand why Leigh Anne took him in and is so supportive of him
user1: That would be a soul searching quest on Michael's part.  I can understand the questioning.  Did he ever really feel accepted?
user2: It really is a good movie and I am not doing it any justice. You really should watch it for yourself. And yes, he did finally feel accepted and actually chose to go to a college that his "family" went to.
user1: Sounds like Leigh Anne is a strong woman.....  Sandra Bullock usually plays those roles though

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hi
user2: Have you seen this movie
user1: Yes, and I love it.  The Blind Side is a great movie.
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: I haven’t seen it. What did you like about it?
user1: Sandra Bullock plays Leigh Ann Tuohy and her husband played by Tim McGraw sort of take in a very large black man into their very white home
user2: How was Tim McGraw’s role in it?
user1: He was a good supporting actor in it
user2: Is it just about sports? Have any drama in it?
user1: It's about football, (not my favorite subject), but I was engrossed in it because Michael Oher, goes from living with a drug addicted mom who doesn't even really know where she is, much less herself
user1: and Michael learns how to trust
user1: and make his own decisions, as opposed to everyone thinking they know what's best for him or ignore him completely, like with his mom
user2: Do you agree with the rotten tomatoes and meta scores?
user1: No, lol.  I rarely do.  The emotional charge behind Michael
user2: It sounds like a very interesting movie despite the football.
user1: oops, MIchael's discovery of what it means to be a man.
user1: I agree..
user1: Even tho the football parts were pretty funny
user1: Good comedy interjected in it as well
user2: It sounds good. How was Sandra’s role. She’s usually doing funny roles.
user1: It also teaches Sandra's family to re evaluate how they treat each other.
user1: Sandra's awesome and has never looked better
user2: I have always loved her movies.
user1: I've loved her from Love Potion #9
user2: Yes! Loved it. She’s awesome.
user1: Also, the Blind Side gives a glimpse into what goes into drafting...tho I really don't like football, it's more than interesting. And it explains A LOT about real life football players and I think, why they are, the way they are
user2: So what happens if anything with michaels mother. Does she step up or anything?
user1: She does step up and admits that she can't have him. That's he'd be better off with Sandra's family and gave some insight to Michael's real last nam
user1: oops name
user1: I don't care much for true sports movies, but I have to say, this one is worth watching, just be sure you have Kleenex close by for those few moments..
user1: But it's such a feel good movie, it's worth a few Kleenex... "Tissues for Your Issues" and all... he he
user2: Well those are the parts that interest me most about this movie lol. I love a good tear jerker.
user2: So it all ends well for Michael?
user1: Well, you'll be jerked, for sure...ha, ha.  (me, too, Helps relieve the b.s. buildup of stress), Besides, we cry at movies so we don't get accused of being psycho's for freaking out because of something stupid.
user1: Yes. It  goes very well for him.  He's still playing ball I believe
user1: Of course, I don't keep up....
user2: Oh so it’s based on a true story?
user1: Sorry, thought you knew that.. Duh.  My bad.  Anyway, yes, that's what makes it sooooo incredibly good
user2: No sorry lol. Yes makes it even for interesting then to watch.

conversation:
user1: Hello there
user2: Hi did you watch the movie
user1: Yes I did watch it.  I really liked it what about you?
user2: yup, i enjoyed watching
user2: which character you liked
user1: I loved Sandra.  What about you?
user2: i liked Tim
user1: Who was Tim again? 
user2: Tim MCGraw
user1: Oh yeah he was the father correcT?
user2: yup
user1: Yeah he was really good too.  I liked the story though.  How a young man who came from something became something.
user2: Yes, and the school they showed in Tennessee was good
user1: Yes it is.
user2: and the games they showed in this picture was good
user1: Yes and the background of his lifestyle before meeting the family was good
user2: the scenes between friends came very god
user1: I did not know that Sandra received a good amount of reviews from her performance
user2: yeah, she acted very good in this movie..
user1: Yes she did
user2: Michel's desperation towards reaching his goal to participate in the game is shown very well in this movie
user2: what do you say?
user1: Yeah I would say so.  He also had to overcome a lot of issues.
user2: How can he run away befor the interview?
user1: I have no idea I would not have been able to do that.  I would have been so nervous!
user2: wvwn he faced some issues when he went to find his mother
user2: even*
user1: Yes that was an emotional scene for me.
user2: after a lot of struggle, he is able to get into college
user1: I know that has to be such an accomplishment.  Coming from nothing to something!
user2: yup

conversation:
user2: So how did you feel about this movie?
user1: This movie is an award winning true story of justice. Dicted by Mr. Hancock, the Blind Side shows great acting in the  Sandra Bullock prime era. The fact that the story is true is even better.
user1: I felt great about it 
user1: so how did u feel?
user2: I didn't realize the movie was based on a book. I thought the movie was incredible. The guy who played the football character did a phenomenal job. 
user1: Yes, he plays for the Baltimore Ravens and even won a super bowwl I believe
user2: It kind of makes me feel bad too though because I would never take in someone I didn't know into my home like that with my kid. Especially with things how they are - the shootings and all.
user1: Yes, it shows how hard it is to make it in the inner city
user2: I feel like it kind of paints a picture that isn't reality in most cases...it's just hard to know about a person.
user2: It's hard to know how to help when you to...
user1: I know but I guess we all try to do what we can
user2: Yes, but it makes a good point about the talent and potential out there that is limited due to circumstances.
user2: I love movies that highlight the true worth of human beings despite their circumstances
user1: yes
user1: and directed well
user1: sandra bullock did a good acting job to sell it and the buy playing the player
user2: Yes she did phenomenal
user1: do u remember any of her other movies
user2: I really liked her in Speed,.....it's the first movie I saw her in
user2: But I really liked Hope Floats as well
user1: RIght
user1: I wonder why they gave it a 69% rating
user1: rotten tomatoes that is
user2: Have you seen her? Okay I didn't know Tim Mcgraw was in the movie.....isn't he a country singer?
user2: Sometimes I don't agree with their ratings
user1: yes i know
user1: yes sometimes
user1: how u feel about foster care? which is  a heavy topic in this movie
user2: I have mixed feelings. I really want to take in foster children but I'm concerned about the effect on my own child. I have seen families ripped apart by taking in foster children. Two completely divorced, broke apart and the biological children were messed up by it.
user1: Yes I understand. Well in this movie  he was black and had to switch a whole culrtue
user1: u dont have to display yours but how hard is that as a teen??u think?
user2: Yes but I love how it shows that genuine love and compassion can do so much for a person.
user1: Yes really.
user1: What else do you like about the film or always wanted to know?
user2: Oh man, and I love that it is a true story. True stories are the best. 
user1: Yes forreal.
user2: I loved the boy that played the son of Sandra Bullock....great personality. Of course you always wonder what the real people are really like.
user1: I love the Memphis area its shot in as well
user1: I agree
user2: Yes I wish the film industry would expand their destinations and explore some of the unique places in the United States instead of always New York, California, Las Vegas, etc.
user1: See I didint know that
user1: Thats interesteing

conversation:
user1: HI you have the document ?
user2: Hey there!
user2: Have you seen the Blind Side before?
user1: The film with Sandra Bullock ? I have heard of it but never seen it,
user2: Yes, that one!
user1: Did it have good reviews ?
user2: It's about a football player named Michael Oher
user2: It's based off of his book. Got a 69% on Rotten Tomatoes.
user2: But CinemaScore gave it an A+
user1: So it is a true story ?
user2: It is. He wrote it in 2006 but the movie came out in 2009.
user1: I though it was a 2000  movie, the film cover what part of his life ?
user2: He was adopted by Sean and Leigh Anne Tuohy and became a first-round pick for the Ravens.
user2: It covers his life as a teenager, though he looked too big to be one haha
user2: His mother was a drug addict
user1: Did he had a disability ?
user2: No, but he did have a poor academic record. And he would run away from every foster home he was sent to because he wanted to be with his mother.
user1: what made him to stay with Sean and Leigh ?
user2: Well, he befriended their son, Sean Jr., so it was probably because of that relationship.
user1: How serious were his academic difficulties ?
user2: Pretty serious. He scored poorly on his career aptitude test. But he ranked in the 98th percentile in "protective instincts"
user1: What are those ?
user2: Leigh Ann used this to teach him how to protect the quarterback as his offensive lineman.
user2: The test is used to find where you'd work best, career-wise.
user1: ok, I did not know that. 
user2: Yeah. He also needed a tutor, named Miss Sue, for academic help. Leigh Ann hired her
user1: Does the football is important in the film, like  game with a close score ?
user1: How does the film ends ?
user2: I'm not sure. But he does run away because he got nervous during an interview. He meets up with this gang he got to know growing up, but fights with them because a member said something rude about Leigh Ann
user2: It ends with him picking Ole Miss as the college he would play for because the Tuohy's went there, too.
user1: Does he get caught by the police or he returns to Leigh Ann ?
user1: After the fight with the gang.
user2: He returns to Leigh Ann
user1: Does the film show how  well he does in college?
user1: Bye

conversation:
user1: hi, have you watched this movie?
user2: Hey, I can't really remember if I have seen this movie.
user2: I think I might have seen it once, have you?
user1: No, i don't think i did
user1: do you like biographic movies?
user2: Sometimes I do, I'm not the biggest fan of sports dramas however. 
user2: Do you like sports films?
user1: No i don't. I'm not into sports in general
user2: Well I think this movie has a decent amount of drama in it, maybe enough to make it worth while.
user1: It says this movie is about Michael Oher and i don't even know who it is
user2: Hahaha, the only name I really recognize is Sandra Bullock
user1: Looks like the ratings are somewhat good 
user1: Lol me too
user2: I see that it is based off a book, so the book must have been good enough to make a movie.
user1: she is a good actress
user2: Yeah I like her a lot. The ratings on my side are 6.1 out of 10
user1: it says the film recieved positive reviews because of her
user2: Lol, her acting must have been top notch. I wonder if that's the only reason
user1: I'm only interested in rotten tomatoes ratings usually
user2: So, I'm reading some of the key scenes. It says Michael, who is I assume the main character grew up in a foster care home.
user1: Oh, so this Michael is a offensive lineman who was drafted by the Ravens
user2: It seems like the main character, Mike, wasn't very smart aside from his athleticism.
user2: Ummmmm, maybe? hahahaha
user2: Ohhhh, and Leigh Anne (Sandra Bullock) becomes his legal guardian.
user2: I do kind of remember this movie.
user1: I wouldn't watch this movie
user1: looks boring
user2: Yeah.....I can't say it's high up on my list of things to watch.
user2: (do we have to want to watch this movie) 
user1: no
user2: It's crazy that it got a 69% rottentomatoes rating and a A+ from CinemaScore
user1: we have to pretend we watched it and discuss if we like it or not

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hey
user1: Have you seen The Blindside?
user2: I have not. In fact, I've not heard of it
user2: It is based on a true story?
user1: Yes it is based on a true story.
user1: It received good reviews.
user2: and it was fairly well reviewed
user1: Sandra Bullock plays the female lead.
user2: She received accolades for the role.
user1: What accolades did she receive?
user1: In my opinion she was seconds away from honking like a goose the whole movie. Very middle-class white female.
user2: It doesn't specify but it seemed to be implied by her "strong performance" 
user2: It is based on a book
user1: I think she did win some awards for her performance. It was almost as if the little girl from Remember the Titans grew up and did the same thing she witnessed in South Carolina. This time in Alabama though.
user1: I'm sure the book too is painfully sappy.
user2: I am a librarian and I am almost certain it is
user1: Do you know who wrote it?
user1: You could probably check it out before you leave work? Does your library offer patrons blu rays?
user2: Michael Lewis. He has written other nonfiction books
user1: Excellent thanks for the info!
user1: Rotten Tomatoes rated it below 70%. They are pretty disillusioned though.
user2: As the scenes get added to the document, the story does seem to get very emotional
user1: It's proximity to the concussion  scandals is suspect.
user2: Scandals?
user2: scandals?
user1: Yeah a research physician from South Africa did a study on American football. He discovered it was the cause of an unacceptable amount of concussions in individual players.
user1: He concluded there was no safe helmet for a football player to wear.
user1: I think he was from South Africa.
user2: Oh, I see. I know what you mean. It sounds like it tried to offer some real information
user1: The movie did not offer information about concussions. I think you misunderstand my drift.
user2: The document doesn't offer any information about the future of the football player. I wonder if the film went on to say what happened to the star after his football career
user1: I think he managed to be drafted into the NFL.
user1: I believe he is still active on a roster.
user2: that is part of his football career
user1: Indeed.
user1: It is an ongoing career if I'm not mistaken.
user2: The movie seemed to have a relatively happy ending. I wonder how romanticized it was
user2: Thanks for chatting

conversation:
user2: Good morning! 
user1: Morning :) Do you like sports movies?
user2: Sometimes
user2: This one sounds good though :-) 
user1: It is! It's less about football and more about the relationship between Sandra Bullock and Quinton Aaron.
user2: I notice that the critics praised sabndra Bullock''s performance which whets my interest. 
user1: She was very good, One of her best movies
user2: His story also sounds good, going from an impoverished neighborhood to being drafted by the NFL.  I'm thinking it also sounds kind of inspirational as well. 
user1: I didn't think so, only because he succeeds due to luck. If he hadn't met Leigh Anne then he wouldn't have had the opportunities he did. She just happened to know the right people. It's not something most people can do so it's more of a fantasy, I think.
user2: I'm wondering why it didn't receive higher reviews though- the article was saying only "moderately positive." 
user1: The Metacritic score doesn't match the others - why so low? The Rotten Tomatoes score is low as well :(
user2: I can see that where the success due to luck is concerned.  That's true, if he hadn't come across the right people he would have stayed where he was at.  On the scores... I kind of wondered the same thing. Metacritic was just above half out of a hundred.  A movie that was one of Sandra Bullock's best movies should have been higher, and the scores kind of had me wondering as well if the two rating companies were a little bit skewed maybe? 
user1: I think you're right, since the scores are crowdsourced. Many people see a movie about football and automatically hate it.
user2: Yes, crowd source as so much to do with it, what's popular vs. what isn't- even the season of the year or where it's playing- rural vs. city areas, small towns vs. larger areas, etc. 
user1: Last time I saw this movie I was surprised Lily Collins was in it! She's underestimated
user2: Her I haven't heard of... 
user1: She's done some netflix films recently, I think this was one of her first roles. She plays the adopted sister who stands up to bullies at the school
user2: Oh, still do not recognise.
user2: Are you still here?
user1: yes, thinking
user2: About being done? lol
user1: I think the movie dumbed Big Mike down too much. He was portrayed as a big stupid guy
user1: Seriously, if you're in the NFL you can't be THAT stupid
user2: Do not know big Mike either.
user2: NFL players have never been known for their brains.
user1: They're just like anyone else. Some are't bright but there is one who recently quit so he could focus on his mathmatics PHD at MIT
user1: But this guy wasn't as stupid as the movie makes him out to me
user2: Very few NFL players are known for their academic achievements.
user2: Some are great people though.
user1: It's weird that a random test score was what started this guy on football. WHo tests for "protective instincts"?
user2: Can we wrap this up?

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hello
user1: what was the movie about
user2: The movie I read about is The Blind Side. It is about a family in Tennessee that adopts a teenager named Michael to play football. It got moderately good reviews with an average of 6.1/10.
user1: oh wow that sounds interesting
user2: Yes, I would recommend watching it in the future

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: Good Morning
user1: Goodmorning! 
user1: What did YOU think about this movie?
user2: Have you seen the movie?  It sounds like something i would like
user1: I have! 
user1: Did you know it was a true story?
user2: anything with Sandra Bullock is usually good.
user1: I agree, she is a great actress. And very likeable.
user1: So, this guy get's adopted, later in life.. And ends up being an insanely talented football player. Can you imagine that?
user2: That is quite a story  
user2: I can't imagine taking in a full grown man into your house.
user1: Yes, sounds crazy but.. Im sure the people who adopted him didnt know he was going to be a star.. But i am sure they were happy about that. Do you agree?
user1: Well, he wasnt exactly a "man" he was just big in size. Still a young person (still in school)... 
user2: He really proved that the adoption for him worked in the best way.
user1: Yes, i agree. I think probably worked in both parties favor as well.
user2: Oh, I thought he was  a man  because of his size.
user1: HE had been in foster care with different families.. His mom was a drug addict.. So sad.
user2: I think it is different and true. 
user2: True stories always make the best movies.
user1: I bet the woman who adopted him was getting judged like crazy. Do you think?
user2: Oh, I bet her neighbors and friends thought she was craz!
user1: I am sure. Mine sure would. 
user2: She just went with her mother's instinct
user1: What do you think about Tim Mcgraw as an actor?
user2: Didn't expect much so he surprized me
user1: lol hes not much of an actor. needs to stick to singing i think.
user2: But  it gave it a try and Sandra carried the film
user1: I like that no matter how difficult it was for the mom, or how much she was getting judged she went through with her decisions.. That's powerful to me.
user2: Yes, it's true to life.
user1: Are you into "Sports" movies?
user2: No, not into sports 
user2: This was different genre
user1: Me neither. This genre is sport's, but honestly i think its more of one of those good hearted type of movies.
user2: Yep, it's a tear jerker
user1: Well i guess we can end the convo now :)
user1: See ya

conversation:
user2: Hello
user2: Have you seen The Blind Side?
user1: Hello
user1: Yes, have you?
user2: Yes, did you like it?
user1: I did.  Sandra Bullock was very good in the film.
user1: What did you think of the guy who played Big Mike?
user2: Yes, do you usually like sports films?
user2: I'm not familiar with him, but I thought he was great
user1: I do.  Especially when they're true stories.
user2: Same
user1: Did you know it was a true story when you first watched it?
user2: I think so. Who was the coach of Wingate Christian School in that movie?
user2: *coach
user1: Burt Cotten was his name.  
user1: He did a good thing helping Big Mike.
user2: Who befriends Mike in the movie?
user1: The youngest child in the Tuohy family.
user1: Was that a boy or girl?
user2: Boy. His name is Sean Jr.
user2: What was Mike ranked in the 98th percentile of?
user1: Protective instincts.  
user2: What else can you tell me about the character played by Sandra Bullock?
user1: She wants to help Mike, and finds a way to encourage him to play better.
user1: What was the name of the tutor?
user2: Miss Sue
user1: Why does he choose Ol' Miss?
user2: Because it's where his family goes to school
user1: Which family?
user2: The Tuohy family.
user1: That's pretty cool.  
user2: who does Mike find in Hurt Village?
user1: His Mom, his birth mother I should say.  
user2: Yes.
user2: Thanks for chatting. Good day!
user1: Thanks

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: Hey how are you 
user2: There is this new movie out I think you should watch it is a true store about sports
user1: I do like sports.  What else can you tell me about it?
user2: The cast are Sandra Bullock Tim McGraw Quinton Aaron
user1: Sandra Bullock is a good actress.  I enjoy her.
user2: It is a drama and about being adopted
user1: Ok.  I sometimes like dramas, if I'm in the right mood.
user2: The film received a lot of positive reviews and critics praising Sandra for her performance
user2: This is a christian movie to
user1: Awesome.  I find that I enjoy movies more if they get good reviews.
user2: The director is John Lee Hamcock and he can make some good movies
user1: I'm not sure if I've ever seen any of his movies or not.
user2: Michael has been in and out of foster car he is the main charector. because his mother has been doing drugs.He runs away a lot every time he is placed in a new home
user1: It sounds like Michael had a difficult childhood.
user2: Yes he does his friends father helps him get into the christian school
user2: The movie is called Blind Side I forgot to tell you that
user1: That was very nice of him.  I'm a fan of public schools, but I do know that christain schools often affer a very good education.
user1: Ah, Blind Side, ok.
user2: The mother that took Michael in she get questioned a lot by her friends and the ask if Michael is safe...she asked her son how he feels about Michael staying in there house and her son says they cant throw Michael out
user1: It sounds like the whole family really cared about Michael.
user2: Michael was taken from his mom at the age of 7 and they dont even know where Michael mom is at...they did and where a very loving family
user1: I imagine that it would be very difficult to be taken from your mother at such a young age, even if she was a bad mother.
user2: Michael played football so well that he was in college level but he has to meet grade point level to get in will he or will he not you would need to watch the movie to find out it is so great
user1: Wow, it does sound like n interesting movie.  I will have to watch it soon!
user2: But Michael  runs away before the interview is over and goes and finds his mother and he does find his mother but he doesn't like where she is living and he goes and finds his friends mom where he then goes to college this movie with have you in tears and happy tears most of the time
user1: I like movies that make me cry.  I'm a big softie.  Haha.
user2: it has 69% Rotten Tomatoes and it scored and A+
user2: Haha ME TO
user1: The 69 isn't great, but the A+ sure is.  Really got to see this.
user2: You should it is great
user1: Ok then, maybe I will go pick up a copy later this afternoon and watch it this evening.
user2: make sure to grab some popcorn and a drink because you wont want to get up after you start the movie
user1: Excellent advice my friend!  Thanks again!

conversation:
user1: Hello.
user1: What did you think of this movie?
user2: hey
user2: What is the movie?
user1: The Blind Side
user2: Oh, The Blind Side what is that movie about?
user2: ?
user1: It has Sandra Bullock in it.  Where they take in and then adopt the black football player that goes on to play in college
user2: Oh 
user2: How long is it?
user1: Based on a true story.  I would say an hr and a half to 2 hrs..
user2: Wow a true story. Is it a good movie?
user1: Yes it is!  
user2: Nice I want to go watch it
user1: The book is just as good if you love to read!
user2: There is a book too
user2: yeah i do
user2: I wi;;
user2: will
user1: I would love to be able to be in a position of adoption like that.  So many kids on the streets that need a good home with good parents.
user2: Yes that is true many orphans need a home 
user1: Do you enjoy sports movies?
user1: This has many good things from the sports to the parents taking in this child to then of course faith/religion!
user1: I honestly feel as though this is one of the best performances from Sandra Bullock.
user1: It really shows just how much the love of 1 family can turn a childs life around for the better.
user2: Wow sounds like a great proformace 

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: hello
user1: How did you like the movie? 
user2: I loved it, I watch it every time it comes on tv
user2: Did you like it
user1: Never seen it on tv but watched it a lot in many of my classes in high school 
user1: Yeah one of my all time favorites 
user1: Do you watch other movies involving sports? 
user2: They said the real player, Michael Oher didnt like how it affects his professional career
user2: I do, do you like Remember the TItans
user1: I've never seen that movie before 
user2: Rudy?
user1: nope 
user1: Honestly sports movies aren't really my thing 
user2: another great film I recommend it
user1: ahh maybe I'll add it to the list 
user2: what kinds of movies do you watch
user1: Mostly action
user1: spy movies are my favorite 
user2: 300?
user1: yeah that was a great movie 
user1: classics 
user2: I assume you will see Mission Impossble
user1: yup every one of them
user1: Do you agree with the rating of the movie? 
user1: weird how some of the ratings are near 50% 
user2: I think it was better than they give credit for
user1: but cinemascore gave them a A+
user1: you watch any other movies with lily collins? 
user2: When you read about some of the real life events compared to the movie there are some differences
user1: Yeah definitely 
user1: Movies over exaggerate things 
user2: I dont think ive seen any others shes been in
user2: but she was a good actress in this
user2: DId you see black panther
user1: nope 
user1: Need to see it soon 
user2: its good

conversation:
user2: Hello
user2: How are you doing today?
user1: Hello good how are you?
user2: I am doing pretty good, Thanks
user2: I am thinking about seeing a movie this afternoon. Do you have any sugestions?
user1: The Movie today is The Blind Side. This movie was out in 2009 and includes Sandra Bullock
user1: I strongly recommend it based on the cinemascore of A+
user2: Sandra Bullock is a good actress.
user2: Is there any other big names in this movie?
user1: It is based on a true story about Michael Oher and his improvised upbringing. He is played by Quinton Aaron. Tim McGraw and Lily Collins are also big starts in the movie.
user1: John Lee Hancock Directed the movie 
user2: I am not sure I know the director. Do you know of any other movies he's directed?
user1: One of the key scenes of the movie is Michael was in foster care with many different families. His mother was a drug addict.
user2: That is sad!
user2: I am guessing he was probably raised in a not so good part of town.
user1: It is until he gets enrolled at Wingate Christian School and gets to play football.
user1: He was raised in Memphis, TN.
user2: Was in enrolled at the school by one of the foster families?
user1: He is then befriended by Sean Touhy Jr and meets Leigh Ann his mother and the wife of Sean Touhy, 
user1: He was enrolled bucause he was sleeping on a friends couch and then the friends father called the football coach at that school
user2: Are the Touhy's a foster family?
user1: Leigh Annes Friends question seans safety around Michael. But Leeanne doesnt have it! Leigh Anne eventually seeks to become Michaels Legal Guardian. Leeanne teaches him that in football he needs to protect the quarterback
user1: With a hard time with academics, when High school is over, he wants to play college but needs to keep up his GPA. Leeanne hires him a private tutor to help him.
user2: So he moves in with the Touhy's?
user2: Or he is still in foster care?
user1: At this point, he moves in with the Touhys.
user2: I would imagine trying to concentrate on school is probably the last thing on his mind. Sounds like he had a rough childhood.
user1: He does question Leigh Anne's motives for taking him in. he runs away and finds his biological mother in Hurt Village. A gang member greets him and says offensive things about Leeanne and her daughter Collins. Michael battles him. After thinking about it, he chose to go to school at Ole Miss because thats where his family goes to school. He is accepted.
user2: His biological family or the Touhy's?
user1: The Touhys
user2: They are a family that is well off?
user1: Yes they are. The father is a wealthy business man and she is an interior designer.
user1: If you like sports movies with a good store this is the one for you!
user2: Wow... what an opportunity 

conversation:
user2: Hello, how are you?
user1: How am I? Well, I'm just dying to tell you about a super iconic movie. Pardon my excitement
user1: Are you ready for this spill?
user2: Oh, that sounds great! what movie is it?
user2: Absolutely.
user1: The movie is called The Blind Side. Have you heard of it?
user2: I have heard of it but never actually saw it. It's a football movie, right?
user1: Yes, it is. Semi-football, semi-drama!
user2: Who stars in it?
user1: Sandra Bullock, a movie legend. Tim McGraw, also a legend.
user2: Oh yea, I'm a big Sandra Bullock fan. Was the movie rated pretty high?
user1: 6/10 rotten tomatoes but that's an understatement
user1: I can give you a brief rundown of the plot.
user2: That would be great!
user1: Basically the protagonist, 'Big Mike' is notorious for running away from his many foster homes to take care of his mother. Sandra Bullock and Tim take him under their wing when he's admitted to a prestigious school their kids attend for his athletic ability. 
user2: Does he end up getting in trouble?
user1: I don't want to spoil it but I will say there were some bumps in the road.
user2: Ah, I see. When did the movie come out?
user1: 2000, but the premise is very modern. It would've done well this year with the current social climate
user1: Very relevant themes
user1: 2009 pardon
user1: It's not that old! Haha
user2: Oh yea I Think I'm remembering some of the movie now. Mike is a black child right?
user2: haha, yea for me 2000 still feels like yesterday so I wouldn't have been surprised.
user1: Yep. Which makes the movie that much more interesting with the cultural differences
user2: Yea, that is very interesting. They should make more movies like that. Movies these days are almost all just superheroes and robots
user1: Haha, yeah this is a really loaded movie in comparison. Very thought/discussion-provoking.
user2: Well it definitely sounds interesting. A very creative story. Was this based on a true story?
user1: It is based on a true story! It's a biographical film.
user2: Oh wow, that makes it even better . Do you know who the director was?
user1: John Lee Hancock! Everyone attached to this film in general is awesome
user1: The acting is another strong point. Sandra Bullock made this a real tear-jerker.
user2: That's really great. I am definitely going to check it out.  Thank you for the recommendation! It was great meeting you.
user2: Have a wonderful rest of your day!

conversation:
user2: Hi there!
user2: Have you seen this movie before?
user2: I havent seen it in a while however it was a great movie in my eyes such a great story
user1: Hi. Yes, I've seen the movie. Good movie.
user2: i cant beleive it only rated 6.1/10
user2: i thought it was much better
user1: Yeah, although the CinemaScore is A+ so there's that.
user2: very true very true
user1: Sandra Bullock was great of course, but Quinton Aaron also gave a great performance.
user2: yea sandra is typically always good in her movies
user1: Great PR for the Ravens too. Heh.
user2: hahah no kiding im sure they sold all sort of merch
user1: I wonder if John Lee Hancock was the one to read the book and see the potential for a movie.
user2: its possible
user2: did you read the book? i only saw the movie?
user2: curious if they left out any giant parts
user1: No I didn't read the book. 
user1: I wonder how SJ was portrayed. That kid was a scene stealer in the movie.
user2: very true very true
user2: curious if his actions were factual
user1: I'm not sure I remember that Leigh Anne was an interior designer. Interesting.
user1: Also Leigh Anne needed better friends. 
user2: mhmmm
user1: This movie taught me that career aptitude tests test for protective instincts. Who knew!
user2: hahah i dont recall that being on my tests!
user2: however i wonder if coming from that environment made him to be that great if so i wonder why we dont see more athletes like him
user1: Me neither. I wouldn't do very well protecting the quarterback anyway. lol
user1: I don't know. Even the place he lived, "Hurt Village," sounds rough.
user2: no kidding
user2: i just hoped that this movie would help out people in those situations and really show them that life can get better and there are other options
user1: It's sad that his biological mother couldn't give him what he needed to succeed. I'm sure she loved him. Her circumstances just made it nearly impossible.
user2: yes very true not to say that she wasnt a great mother, just her perdicament made it harder
user1: True. Though not everyone has a Touhy family waiting to help them.
user2: correct they were one of a kind, willing to take on all the responsibility, and to have an outcome like this is very admirable
user1: Yes, they allowed their lives to be upended in order to help someone. Admirable. Though the football connection helped. lol
user2: yea having that stability and sturcture was great
user2: well it has been nice talking with you take care
user1: Thanks. You too.

conversation:
user2: Hi there
user1: Football Greetings
user2: What did you think about the movie The Blind Side?
user1: Sandra bullock is the best. Who can't love her?
user2: I agree.  She did a great job in this movie.
user2: What about the other actors?  Tim McGraw and Quinton Aaron.
user1: Loved Quinton. Do you think Big Mike is an example for today's youth?
user2: For sure.  A person who came from nothing and worked hard to achieve his goals.  Great example.
user1: What do you think the average rating on Rotten Tomatoes is about? I would think of a much higher rating.
user2: I feel its a bit low.  I would also think it should be higher.
user1: Do you wonder what ever happened to the real athlete?
user2: I believe he is still in the NFL, probably close to retirement
user1: Wow They need a Blind Side 2 with  all the same paplayers
user2: I bet there are more stories to tell from when this movie left off.
user1: Have you seen any other work from Lily Collins?
user2: No, was that the child in the film?
user1: She was the daughter who was so sweet like her mama.
user2: The name sounds familiar, but I cant place a face.
user2: Have you seen any other films directed by John Lee Hancock?
user1: No have you?  I love Tim MscGraw.
user2: Ya, hes a good actor and performer.
user2: No, I havent seen any of his other films.
user1: Memphis TN is a lovely part of USA.
user1: wonder if they filmed ther
user2: I live about 4 hours away from Memphis and visit at least once a year.
user2: Its a fun city to visit for the weekend
user1: Lucky,  do you go to NFL games Like Ravens
user1: Have you ever seen big Mike play?
user2: I used to go to Rams games, but they are no longer in St. Louis.
user2: I don't think I have ever seen him live, but certainly seen him play on TV
user1: Cant believe it has been 9 years since the movie has come out. 
user1: hello?
user1: Come back my friend lets  chat some more..

conversation:
user1: Hello
user1: hi
user2: I know this great movie.
user1: What's it called?
user2: Blind Side. Seen it?
user1: no
user2: It's got Sandra Bullock.
user1: oh, I sort of hate her
user2: Well, it's a sports movie.
user1: that's something
user2: It's a feel-good sports movie
user2: also has Tim McGraw
user1: I have no idea who that is
user2: Cinemascore gave it an A+
user1: cool
user2: seems like other critics liked it, too
user1: Yeah, but it still has Sandra Bullock in it
user2: It delves into some deep family issues
user2: addiction
user2: that's not positive
user2: foster care
user1: I'm getting depressed
user2: The critics say Sandra was good in it
user1: Not a fan, probably won't see it
user2: why don't you like her?
user1: I don't know
user1: Seen her in too many movies, I guess
user2: did I mention it also delves into drug addiction?
user2: It's from 2009
user1: She's too plain
user1: She's everygirl, I guess
user1: But not sexy like other everygirls
user2: Reviews say it may be a little too formulaic

conversation:
user2: Hi, have you ever seen the movie the blindside?
user1: Can I ask you the same question? Have you seen this movie? It came out in 2009.
user2:  Yes, it is a very good movie, I enjoyed it very much.
user1: Seems like it's a feel good move based on a book.
user1: Looks very encouraging. To go from poverty to NFL stardoom by someone encouraging you is awesome!
user2:  Yes, it is very inspirational to me.
user1: I wonder why Rotten Tomatoes only gave it 69%?
user1: Should have scored higher.
user1: Also anything Sandra Bullock stars in will be a top-rated movie (in my humble opinion):)
user2:  Yes, I don't understand that. I thought it had very good acting, and a great story.
user1: I'm don't usually watch sports dramas but this definitely has a plot that would make you step outside the box and view.
user1: *I usually don't
user2:  Yes, and it had a very good cast. Sandra Bullock is usually good in anything she does.
user1: For the cast, is that Tim McGraw the singer?
user2:  The director does a good job here.
user2:  Yes, Tim McGraw is a country singer.
user1: The name is familiar. Nice to see that he uses his talents for more that singing.
user1: *than
user2:  Yes, and Quinton Aaron does a good job as playing the football player too...
user1: Stories like this are so good because it show how just by one person showing compassion you can change the entire trajectory of someone life.
user2: That is so true, and definitely illustrated in this movie.
user1: Scene 2 show how you will always have the naysayers. Those that do not support you when you are trying to make a difference.
user2:  Oh yes, I remember that now.
user1: So sad that at a young age he was sleeping on couches and going through the foster care system. So many children have to go through these types of situations.  So sad:(
user1: Drugs always in the end seem to be the main culprit.
user2:  That's true, I am a teacher and have seen it ruined a lot of lives.
user1: I wonder how many other NFL players may have gone through this same type of situation. Or even on the collegiate level.
user2:  There is a good question.
user1: I think I do remember this movie. There were some people that tried to place a racial theme to it which I personally did not agree (gang culture vs suburbs).  However, I personally did not agree. Humans are humans. We can care for each other irrespective of backgrounds.
user2:  It's very interesting and synopsis number three, how Michael himself begins to  Question the motives behind the kindness that he is being shown.
user2: So true, I totally agree.
user1: Sometimes people do not know how to process when someone is genuinely being kind when all they have ever dealt with are people with ulterior motives.  I am sure that might have been the reason he ran away from some of the foster families.
user2:  Yes, that is probably true. Thanks for the chat, this is been very interesting.
user1: Definitely, you take care! Had a great time discussing The Blind Side!

conversation:
user1: Hi!
user2: Hi! I saw this great movie the other day that stars Sandra Bullock.
user1: How cool!  What's the name of the film?
user2: It's based on a book called The Blind Side. The movie has the same name. I highly recommend it.
user1: Can you tell me what it's about? It sounds interesting and I like Sandra Bullock!
user2: The story is about a child's impoverished upbringing.
user2: In the book he gets adopted and later in life become a pro football player.
user1: Awesome! I love films revolving around the subject of sports and overcoming harsh upbringings. Who else co-stars in it?
user2: Um... Quinton Aaron is the child. And Tim McGraw plays Sandra Bullock's wife.
user2: Rotten Tomatoes only gave it 6.1/10 but I would have rated it more like an 8.
user1: Really? Tim McGraw the country singer? I had no idea he acted! I'd love to see how he performs as an actor! 
user1: Often times, Rotten Tomatoes can't be relied upon so I'll take your personal rating over theirs.
user1: Do you know what other critics said about the film?
user2: Yeah; I didn't even realize it was Tim McGraw. He was great.Other critics liked it and especially liked Sandra Bullock's role. 
user2: The story is really great. The poor kid has been in all different foster families and keeps running away.
user1: Glad to hear that regarding the critics liking it and Santa's performance. That does sound sad in terms of his upbringing. Poor kid!
user2: Yeah, but the kid is big and athletic so his friend's dad gets him on a football team. 
user2: And then he makes friends with a kid named SJ.
user1: So cool! Who is SJ?
user2: SJ is the character who plays Sandra Bullock's kid. So that's how the athletic kid "mike" meets Leigh (Sandra Bullock).
user2: She eventually tries to become his legal guardian.
user2: it's very sweet.
user1: Oh okay! That makes sense and also makes the film even more appealing! Do you know who directed the film?
user2: Yeah; John Lee Hancock. I think he did a great job.
user1: It sounds like a great movie so I believe he did as well just based on what you're telling me. Anything else happen story wise worth noting?
user2: It's also sweet because the big kid is afraid to hurt other people until he realizes his job is to "protect" the quarterback. Then he feels it's important to use his abilities to protect him at all costs.
user1: That makes sense... And I see why it's called "The Blind Side" now!
user1: Do you know the big kid's character name?
user2: Yeah. I love sports movies like this. And feel good movies. So if you like that sort of thing you'd enjoy it. The kid's name is "Big Mike" Oher.
user2: I think it's based on a true story in the book.
user2: I guess he played for the Baltimore Ravens in real life.
user1: I'm in the same boat and definitely love sports and feel good movies as well. And wow, so it's a true story! That makes the film even more interesting!
user2: He plays so well he gets accepted to college. All good all around.
user1: I love stories like that and am certainly glad to hear he was able to get a college education and also play in the pros. That's overcoming all the odds!
user1: Anything else happen in the story?

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: Hello. How did you like the movie The Blind Side?
user1: I’ve never watched it
user1: It’s a sports drama
user2: Oh, well. Are you familiar with Sandra Bullock?
user1: Yes, I am
user1: I see that lily collins is also in it
user2: In the film, her hair is blond, and she plays an intensely southern lady with a serious southern drawl.
user2: I don't recall the Collins character -- the daughter?
user1: Oh, interesting. I see she played a strong performance 
user1: Maybe, I’m just looking at the actors listed
user2: It was a good performance. SO was the football player character.
user1: Quintana 
user1: i mean quinton Aaron 
user1: Spellcheck 
user1: He was in foster care. That character?
user2: My favorite scene is in the laudromat, when Michael puts hie wet clothes in the dry with a stranger's clothes.
user2: Yes, that character.
user1: And it takes place in Memphis? That sounds interesting 
user2: I think it is. And based on a true story.
user1: he Gets enrolled by a coach who notices his athleticism 
user1: That’s pretty awesome if it’s based on a true story
user2: Yes. A young man whose mom was a drug addict, who grew up on foster care, eventually playing for the Baltimore Ravens.  Very inspirational.
user1: I’ve never heard of this movie when did it come out
user2: 2009. The book was published in 2006.
user1: It got pretty good reviews 
user1: I might actually watch it
user2: I like how Leigh Anne tells Michael to use his protective instincts, and that helps improve his football playing.
user1: I like these types of stories 
user2: Yes, they are uplifting.
user1: Oh, I see. He lived with Leigh Anne 
user2: Right. She sort of took him in, got  him enrolled in a good school.
user1: And had him work with his strengths. Ranked 98th percentile In protective instincts
user2: I did not even though that was a thing people were tested for! The family does hire a tutor for him, so he can do well in school.
user1: Me neither… he runs away?
user1: And goes back to a gang?
user2: Yes, back to his old haunt, which leads to him defending Leigh Anne from some thugs.
user1: Who are the tuohy family?
user2: They are a wealthy family in Memphis. Mrs. Tuohy is an interior decorator.
user1: It was nice chatting with you, I think we can finish the conversation?

conversation:
user2: Hi! have you seen the Blind Side before? with Sandra Bullock and Tim Magraw
user1: yes, I saw it 6 or 7 years ago
user1: I thought it was an interesting story
user1: did you see it
user2: I love it i have seen it many times. it is about Michael Oher he was drafted by theBaltamore ravens in the end
user2: I did not know it was based a a true story the first time. I went to see it becasue it had Sandra Bullock in it and had good reviews
user1: Yes, suppose to be a true story, but I am not sure how closely it followed reality
user1: THe director Hancock, I never heard of him
user2: I am sure there was embellishing to make it draw you in 
user1: Based on a book written by someone?
user2: yes the book was a biography writen by Michael Lewis
user1: and the star Q Aaron, I am not sure I have seen him since
user1: The movie did not really get good reviews 6.1/10
user1: I know Bullock got good reviews, but she always does
user2: yea the guy that played michael oher only did a few other movies and some guest spots in some series shows.
user2: yea most of her movies i like. 
user2: i thought it had better reviews than it is saying. i guess it is all about who you ask
user1: What college did Oher attend
user2: ol' miss 
user2: jsut like all the others
user1: SEC
user1: I hate the SEC
user1: I went to Northern IL and I always tell everyone that NIU is undefeated Vs Alabama, which is true 1-0
user2: I went to a college with out a football team
user2: we always said we were undefeated 
user1: MUst be Univ ofIllinois 
user1: back to the movie, I should watch it again, I will look and see if Netflix has it
user2: i always wonder how he did in college. as he struggled so hard in high school. even with tutor he still had to test. 
user2: i bet it does it is on ondemand a lot too
user1: you know college and FB players, they find easy classes for the, pottery, etc
user2: this movie makes me cry every time. know that i have watched a lot i jsut start crying when he is walking in the rain
user1: I do not remember that scene
user2: it is at the begining. he has run away agian and he has jsut one grocery bag of close. he was going to sleep in the gym at school
user2: clothes
user1: I actually remember very little of the movie
user2: you should watch it again it is a good one. not funny like her movie 28 day but a good one
user1: I think we should finish the conversation ???????
user2: my finish conversation button lit up. so i think we are good to watch the blind side ;)
user2: night

conversation:
user2: blind side
user1: Is that the name of the movie?
user2: yes
user1: Who is the star?
user2: it is the single greatest film ever made
user2: Tim McGraw 
user2: Sandra Bullock 
user1: What is the premise?
user2: a biographical sports film that teaches everyone about love and friendship
user1: Is this movie based on real life events?
user2: yes all of the film is 100% true like Scarface with Al Pacino 
user1: Does Sandra Bullock affect a southern accent? She has the best southern accent...
user2: yes she does but more of Savannah southern accent like molasses falling out your mouth
user1: Does Tim McGraw do anything besides drive around in a car and own fast food restaurants?
user2: yeah smokes crack and chests on his wife with a man
user1: This movie sounds like it shoud've won an Oscar. Did it?
user2: no the academy if full of racist white honkies so it got snubbed 
user2: hello
user1: Figures... So all the POC's in the movie were caricatures of people and not fleshed out? 
user2: yes expect big mike yo mikey!!!!
user1: He wasn't a down on his luck drugdealer??
user2: No 
user1: Did Sandra go into the ghetto and show the "street" kids that she wasn't to be messed with?
user2: yeah 
user1: She's the best at that
user2: yes all honkies are 
user1: Can Mickey dunk?
user2: no
user2: white men can't dunk
user1: I thought Big Mike was the kid?
user2: yep he is
user1: And he can't dunk?
user2: nooooooooooooooo
user2: no

conversation:
user2: Hey, how's it going?
user1: Hi. Good. You?
user2: Doing well!
user2: Have you ever seen the film The Blind Side?
user1: I don't believe I have.
user1: What's it about?
user2: Oh, it's good. It's about a football player named Michael Oher who was eventually drafted into the NFL. It details his impoverished upbringing and how he became a first-round pick.
user1: Ah, yes I have seen it. He played at Ole Miss. I remember him. 
user1: Wasn't it based on a book as well?
user2: Sure did! Yeah, a good movie. And yes, it was based on a book of the same name by Michael Lewis.
user1: Yeah, I enjoyed it as well. I remember it now. Had Sandra Bullock in it and Tim Mcgraw. 
user1: It's hard to believe it was based on a true story.
user2: Yup! I love both of those actors. It also was directed by John Hancock (what a name!). But yes, a truly great story.
user1: Oh wow. I didn't remember his mom being a drug addict. He had a tough time as a kid.
user1: I'm a bit surprised the ratings for the movie aren't better.
user2: Yes, he had a very rough home. He ran away from multiple homes after being in foster care. It was rough.
user2: I also can't believe some of those ratings. Why do you think that is?
user1: I don't know. I've seen a couple of these that didn't make sense now. I think Bullock had great performances and perhaps won awards. 
user2: Yes, her performance has been widely regarded. I think maybe some people were disappointed with some other performances in the film, but I am unsure. 
user1: Hard to believe this came out almost 10 years ago now.
user1: I had forgotten the tension about the kids being around him in the film. He really did have a tough time.
user1: I suspect the part about him not taking to football were embellishments. I bet he could play from the first time he stepped on the field. 
user2: So true, such a touching story. I enjoyed the depiction of Mike and his protective instincts and how he was made to be a lineman based on that. 
user2: I concur, I think he was naturally talented.
user1: I believe he still plays. He was drafted by the Ravens. 
user1: He was fortunate to find a family that could help him. It sounds like they hired tutors and really fought for him.
user2: Hmm, yeah, idk if he still does. He certainly made his mark on the world though, regardless of his accomplishments. 
user2: The Tuohy's certainly helped him out of a rough situation and got him into a college to play ball and took him out of an awful situation. 
user1: He came close to throwing it away by running away. He could have easily stayed in the gangs he ended up around. 
user1: They messed up threatening his family. Those protective instincts kicked in.
user2: Yeah, so glad he didn't fall into that. His perseverance in that rough situation is what makes him special. 
user1: Do you typically watch films that are biographic? Or sports based?
user2: Yes, I like films like this a lot. Sports Dramas pique my interest very much, and The Blind Side is a prime example why.
user1: Me too. I'll have to check this out again. It's been a pleasure talking with you. Take care.
user2: Same here. Great talk! Have a good one!

conversation:
user1: Hi!  So we're supposed to talk about a movie.  Have you read the document about it yet?
user2: Hi, the movie is the blind side
user1: Hm.  The Blind Side.  What is the movie about?
user2: It's a really great movie that's highly rated.
user1: What kind of movie is it?
user2: It's a biography, about a Football player.
user1: Oh!  My husband likes football.  What year did it come out?
user2: Starring Sandra Bullock, Tim McGraw and many others
user2: it was released in 2009
user2: Received an A+ on Cinemascore and 69% on rotten tomatoes
user2: You should definitely watch it
user1: Those are good reviews.  Where does the movie take place?
user1: What is it rated?  Can my kids watch it with me?
user2: It takes place in Memphis Tenessee
user2: It sounds like a family movie.
user1: Definitely does.  Do you know what football team the story is about?
user2: The team at at Wingate Christian School
user2: which is (a fictional representation of Briarcrest Christian School inMemphis, Tennessee)
user1: Oh!  I haven't heard of them before.  Fictional representation...I guess that makes sense why I had not heard of them. Haha!
user1: Is there a main character?
user2: Yes the main character is Michael Oher, he has been in different  foster homes, and ends up playing football.
user1: Sounds like it would be an inspiring movie.  How long is the movie?
user2: Yeah definitely inspiring as there's a book written about it too.
user1: Really?  Wow.  Must be a big movie.
user2: Yeah, critics really praised Sandra Bullock's performance.
user1: I think I'll look into watching it.  Sandra Bullock is one of my husband's favorite actresses.
user1: Did she win any awards for it?
user1: I wonder how much money it made. Do you know?
user2: Well as a drama movie, with very good positive reviews, i'm sure she made lots of money
user1: I'll definitely watch it with my family.  Sounds like a good movie for all of us.
user2: I'm sure you will love it
user1: Thank you for the information!
user2: Glad you found it useful

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hello
user1: We are going to be talking about The Blind Side
user2: Yes, I see that.. Staring Sandra Bullock
user1: The movie had overall positive reviews
user1: Nothing spectacular
user1: RT 69%, metacritic 53/100
user2: No, nothing spectacular..  But Bullocks performance was noted and praised by critics
user2: It is apparently based on a true story.
user2: Sounds like an uplifting movie
user1: Yeah it was about a guy who eventually played for the Ravens
user1: It's an overall feel-good story
user2: Ahh.. I've never seen it, but it sounds interesting.
user1: It is probably more interesting to people who have a least some interest in football
user1: There is some element of overcoming racial barriers also
user2: I am interested in football, and I like a good "feel-good" story.  Says the first scene begins describing the hole Michael was in, due to upbringing.
user2: Sounds like it starts off fairly sadly.
user1: Yeah, definitely a rags-to-riches sort of story
user1: It would have been pretty lame if it was an original screenplay, but the fact that there was a true story helps
user2: I have heard about Ohr before.  I know he denied some of the emphasis that was shown in the movie, but not sure what or why.
user2: "Might not be safe around Michael".. lol, wtf
user2: Wow, yeah I can see it would definitely have an element of overcoming racial prejudice.
user1: Maybe they tried to dramatize the part about him being big and black and being accepted into a stereotypical southern white family.
user2: What kind of test tests for "protective instincts"?
user2: Sounds made up
user1: Probably some unsubstantiated psychology bubble sheet
user2: lol
user1: I think Sandra Bullock's career was helped by this film. 
user2: All in all, it sounds like the man definitely went from rags to riches.. and if that synopsis is correct, the Bullock character definitely helped him.
user1: Yeah, I think that is a fair assessment.
user2: Yeah, think I'll watch it.  Not sure why I haven't already
user2: Does that say "Hurt Village"?
user2: That whole scene seems a bit contrived
user1: Yeah, a dramatized name.
user2: Cool that he identifies them as family, though
user2: Family isn't always blood
user1: It would make sense. They did become his foster parents.
user2: Sounds like a good, middle of the pack light drama.
user1: Yup

conversation:
user1: I actually really love this movie, have you seen it before?
user2: Yeah, I've seen it. It was really good.
user1: I tend to like sports movies but this one was really well done also
user2: I'm surprised it has such a low score on Metacritic
user1: so that was just a cherry on top
user1: omg I know!
user2: I agree
user1: and I expected at least a 75% from Rotten Tomatoes
user2: I actually don't usually like sports movies, but I really liked this one, so I think that says a lot.
user1: but then again Sandra Bullock was the one who really stood out
user2: Yeah, I agree. I wonder why the ratings were low.
user1: yeah it definitely does!
user1: The way he's treated by his birth family made me so angry
user2: Me too, he was such a sweet person. 
user1: it was just such an awful situation, but he obviously had to get out
user1: yes!
user1: drugs do crazy things to people though I guess
user1: his mom was an addict
user2: Right! 
user2: I just don't understand how you can turn your own child away.
user1: so it's no excuse but it definitely affected her. yeah the drugs definitely skewed her judgement
user2: I agree, it was just a rough situation.
user1: oh and those bullshit stuck up moms......
user2: Yes!
user1: like, I would feel less safe around y'all than Michael!
user1: shady bitches bahaha
user2: Same, tho
user2: lol!
user1: sorry if my language is too much bahaha
user1: I remember getting so sad when he immediately assumed Leigh Anne was out to hurt him
user2: I'm glad that Michael decided to go to Ole Miss.
user1: because obviously she wasn
user1: t
user2: Same!
user1: he just had such a bad background he assumed the worst
user2: I mean, he's never been able to trust anyone.
user2: Exactly
user1: so I don't blame him but his background affected his trust exactly!
user2: It wasn't his fault, but it was really sad. 
user1: yeah definitely
user1: damn now I want to watch this movie lol
user2: Haha I know. It's been awhile for me too.
user1: is it on netflix?
user1: or hulu/HBO maybe?
user2: I don't know
user1: I'll have to look now hah
user2: I'll check haha
user2: Not on Netflix 
user1: She won an oscar for this didn't she?
user2: I'm not 100% sure, but I think so
user1: Supporting Actress I think
user2: I believe it
user2: Is there suppose to be a 4th prompt?
user1: I see something at the top that says this is the end of the document but it ended the summary weird
user2: Yeah, do you know what we're suppose to do now? Haha
user1: Okay yes the finish thing is clickable so we can finish! It was nice talking with you!
user2: Same to you!

conversation:
user2: Have you ever seen the movie "The Blind Side"
user1: Yes, I have. i thought it was good but I am not much of a fan of sad movies.
user1: I am shocked on the rotten tomatoes and metacritic score.  They are both average and then cinema gives it an A+
user2: Sad? I thought it was very uplifting. I loved Sandra Bullock in it.
user1: Uplifting, yes, but still sad.  It's a movie that makes people cry.
user2: And lil S.J. what an awesome roll he had!
user2: Oh I definitely cried, but happy tears!
user1: Is SJ the sibling? I can't remember. 
user2: Yes, and I had no idea that Tim McGraw was the father in the movie.
user1: I work for a school though, not  highschool level but its always great seeing movies like this based off true stories knowing people are out there helping others.
user1: I know. I love Tim McGraw and reading this i'm like he was in the movie. It's been a long time since I've seen it so looking over the document is somewhat bringing back my memory but still shocked by some stuff.
user2: I love that it is based on a true story, too! 
user1: yeah!
user1: critics loved sandra bullock in it.  I think she did fit the role well
user2: Are you normally a fan of movies involving sports?
user1: Kinda. I like coach carter a lot and friday night lights.
user1: I know I've watched more but they aren't ones that stick with me as much
user1: how about you?
user2: Rudy! Rudy!
user1: Oh, i heard of that one but i don't think i've seen it. I'd like too.
user1: Gosh, I can't believe blind side came out in 2009.  that was almost 10 years ago!!! i feel old. 
user1: probably the last time i've seen it too. 
user2: One of may favorite values shown in this movie is how Leigh Anne's friends are concerned that this boy is living in her house and she does not take their opinions 
user1: oh yes. I remember that.  Good for her!
user2: And when he runs away! oh that got me!
user1: hmm i vaguly remember that scene.  Doesn't she go find him walking down the street in a car?
user2: I am not sure. I know that he had to work really hard to maintain grades good enough to play football.
user1: Yeah, He got to go to college!  Or was accepted at least.  That was huge!
user2: Oh yes and now I remember the tutor, Miss Sue!
user1: Yeah! :) 
user1: And he waent to look for his biological mom. 
user2: Foster care, addicted mom...tough life
user1: yeah. what a mess. poor kid.  And gangs threathening him.  
user1: Leigh and Foot ball saved his life in so many ways. 
user2: Ooof and when that gangster makes sexual comments about Collins, his sister

conversation:
user1: Hey
user2: Hi. Sounds like an interesting movie
user2: Hello, are you still there

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hi
user2: Have you seen the movie The Blind Side?
user1: Have you watched The Blind side American sport drama movie
user1: Yes I did.
user1: How about you?
user2: LOL. We asked the same question at the same time. yes I did.
user1: yes
user1: Sandra Bullock's performance was really good
user2: Yes it was!
user1: she did a very strong performance
user2: She did, & so did Quinton Aaron!
user1: Yes
user1: The film shows Big Mike Upbringing
user1: and the days during his college football
user2: It does, & it really tugs at your heartstrings.
user1: I feel so sad that Michael was in foster care
user2: The elationship between SJ & Big Mike is nicely depicted.
user1: Yes. indeed
user2: I did too, but at least he ended up with a good education, & good family.
user1: His mother was a drug addict
user1: Michael had very difficult days during childhood.
user2: Yes, & he had learning delays.
user1: He had to go to many family and stay in new home
user1: It was very difficult for Michael so he used to run away
user2: Yes. It was horrible Leigh's friends tried to convince her not to let him stay with her.
user1: He had to meet the minimum grade point
user2: He did well once we had a tutor, & it was nice to see him improve.
user2: How sad that Big Mike wondered about Leigh Anne's motives.
user1: Michael used to rum away before Interview
user2: He did meet the grade point averages, thankfully, but he ran back to his drug addict Mother & the gang.
user1: Michael was threatened by a gang leader and he battles them too
user2: Yes, because they were making sexual comments about Leigh Anne, & he defended her. That was so sweet!
user1: He was very caring.
user2: I was so happy when he decided to go back to the Tuohy family.
user2: He did seem very protective.
user1: He was accepted to college and said farewell to Tuohy family
user2: It was nice that he went to Ole Miss because the Tuohy family went there & he considered them his family.
user2: It was nice that he had the opportunity to go to college after everything he suffered.
user1: Cotton was impressed by Mike's size and atheleticism
user2: Yes. He was.
user1: Cotton helped him to get admitted despite his poor academic record
user2: I can't believe that the critics didn't like this movie better than the 69% they gave it at Rotten Tomatoes.
user1: Metacritic score is 53/100
user1: and cinemascore was A+
user2: Yes Cinemascore was the best
user2: It earned that A+
user1: Tuohy was a strong minded interior designer and wife of wealthy businessman Sean Tuohy.
user2: I'd forgotten that she was an interior designer.
user1: The movie was based on the 2006 book the Blind side
user1: Evolution of game by Michael Lewis
user2: Yes. I loved it when Leigh Anne told him he must protect his quarterback to get him to play well.
user2: I'd never read the book. Have you?

conversation:
user2: Hi. How are you? 
user2: The Blind Side is such a great movie. 
user1: Good I mam glad i have seen this one, that isn't always the case.
user1: I thought it was entertaining, I'm a Bullock fanboy I think
user2: Yeah. I actually saw it in theaters, which is very unusual. 
user2: I love Sandra Bullock too. She did such a great job playing Leigh Anne.
user1: I caught it on a pirate streaming surface way back in the day. I miss that. 
user1: So, did it seem all that believable to you?
user2: I forget about that!... It did. I love any story with adoption involved as well.
user1: Yeah, it was a haeart warmer and my Mom was adopted so I am to that to.
user2: My sister was, and both of my kids are.
user2: Tim McGraw was good in it too... not what I expected. 
user2: I'm surprised it wasn't rated higher. 
user1: Look at you all admirable and such. So I don't recall, but did they key at all on the racial aspects of that or as it less obvious?
user2: No, I'm the lucky one! ..... I think they did some. 
user1: In the old Rotten tomatos feel good movies never go too high.
user2: It such a sad norm now for so many kids going in to foster care due to drug issues with their parents. 
user2: This story had a great outcome unlike most really do. 
user1: Around here the parents get the kids into the drugs, woiw
user1: The NFL thing is sort of the Holy Grail in Tennesee
user1: I like sports movies
user2: Yeah, that happens here too. I wonder how closely The Blind Side followed the true events.
user1:  I don't think she was as easy on him as the Bullock character, a bit more like the Dragon Mom
user2: You don't hear much out of Sandra Bullock anymore. I think she has an adopted child in real life as well. 
user1: Hollywood is not kind to women after 50
user2: I haven't read the real Blind Side story. 
user1: Meneither, I do not remember the Dad at all, do you?
user2: I need to watch it again, it's been awhile. I don't remember the part where he confronts Leigh Anne about only wanting him because of being good at football.
user2: No. I remember Tim McGraw, but he didn't stand out like Bullock did in the movie. She made the movie.
user1: OH yeah, that's right. So he was less possessed by that. She was wildly over the top like a stage Mom
user1: Tim Magraw the singer?
user2: Yeah
user2: I saw the movie with my husband and inlaws, and my MIL didn't even realize it was Tim McGraw until the credits.
user1: That's excellent, I get a kick when people go outside their main thing.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi
user2: I read about The Blind Side. Have you seen it?
user1: I only have knowledge of this through what I have previously read and seen on tv / internet but I have not see the movie.
user2: okay. it's about a a homeless black teen, has drifted in and out of the school system for years. Then Leigh Anne Tuohy (Sandra Bullock) and her husband, Sean (Tim McGraw), take him in. The Tuohys eventually become Michael's legal guardians, transforming both his life and theirs. Michael's tremendous size and protective instincts make him a formidable force on the gridiron, and with help from his new family and devoted tutor, he realizes his potential as a student and football player.
user1: Yes. I have a good idea from what I had previously read  / heard about this story. I've heard from friends that it was a great movie.
user1: Sounds like a pretty amazing true life story.
user2: i really liked it! Sandra Bullock did a very good job in it! 
user1: That's what I heard. She played the part well. Not one of my favorite actors but it wouldn't sway me from watching it because the story is pretty moving.
user1: Are you still there?
user2: that's good! I really like her 
user2: yes sorry thought i pressed send 
user2: it has an A+ for a cinemaScore which i found really cool
user1: Good deal! How does this task progress??
user2: i'm not sure
user2: i know we have to talk for 10-15 minutes. 
user2: i think there is a certain amount of messages that have to be sent back and forth as well 
user2: Do you like Tim McGraw?
user1: I don't know him as an actor and I'm not a huge country fan. 
user2: oh okay. I think he did pretty well in this movie. Jae Head who played as a SJ in the movie was pretty funny as well. 
user2: Did you know that the movie is based on a true story?
user2: and that there is a book called The Blind Side?
user1: yes. I have read about the story online and was aware that there is a book that the movie stemmed from. 
user2: Well i didnt know about the book until now but i did know that it was based on a true story. 
user2: we have to reply to each other at least 15 times
user1: I think the document changed?
user2: yeah it added some key scenes i think 
user2: can you see the document?
user1: Yes. It is getting more specific about the characters.
user1: can you see the doc?
user2: yes i can 
user2: Leigh Anne's friends wonder what she is doing; they suggest that Collins might not be safearound Michael, but Leigh Ann rebukes them. She later asks Collins how she feels about it.Collins replies that they cannot just throw Michael out. When Leigh Anne seeks to becomeMichael's legal guardian, she learns he was taken from his drug-addict mother when he wasseven and that no one knows her whereabouts. She is also told that, although he scoredpoorly in a career aptitude test, he was ranked in the 98th percentile in "protective instincts".When Michael appears to be hesitant to use his strength and size while learning to playfootball, Leigh Anne tells him, as an offensive lineman, he must protect his quarterback.From that moment, Michael improves drastically, well enough to play at the college level.However, to do that, he must meet the minimum grade point average to get in so theTuohys hire a private tutor for him, the outspoken and kind Miss Sue.
user2: In that scene, The friends are super rude
user1: Sounds like the main character has had a rough life
user2: and yes I agree 
user1: He seems to be scared to use his strength & size
user2: Yeah i agree. 
user2: Do you think you would watch the movie after discussing this?
user1: Probably a good chance
user2: Awesome!
user1: seems well worth the watch
user1: I'd definitely check it out
user1: anything further?

conversation:
user2: hey pal!
user1: Hey, how's it going?
user2: I'm good, so what movie do we talk about today?
user1: We are going to talk about "The Blind Side".
user2: oh, blind side, that movie directed by John Hancock?
user1: Yes, it was! It was put out in 2009.
user2: so what genre would you class the movie?
user1: Biographical, sports and drama.
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: Hmm I'm not too sure
user2: but the rotten tomatoes rating is kinda bad
user1: It tells the story of Michael Oher. He was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in the NFL.
user2: I see the movie is a biography of Michael who seem not to have a stable family 
user1: Yes, that is true. Quinton Aaron played a great role in the movie.
user1: Sandra Bullock was also highly praised for her acting in this movie.
user2: oh Sandra bullocks? that is another popular artist
user2: but it must have been very difficult for michael to move from one foster home to another 
user1: Yes, I agree. Although, he did end up with a very loving family.
user2: I think we could attribute that to his marriage to collins which had a good backing from Ann
user1: Yes. They eventually get a tutor for Michael, and he improves his schooling drastically.
user2: I think Michael got lucky, because not many would have such person come an inch near their family given his records of having a drug addict mother
user1: You could say he got lucky, but I think Sean and Leigh Anne did a great job.
user2: It is very kind of tuohys to do all that for him
user1: Yes. He does go back to see his mother and runs into some trouble.
user2: That is typical of a growing man I suppose, but good for him he could retrace his steps and fight for the Tuohys
user1: I agree. He eventually picks Ole Miss for his College.
user2: wait a minute michael was never married to collins I made that mistake up there,Collins was actually a friend
user2: imagine someone who was deemed to be academically retarded
user1: Yes, I was confused for a second when you said that.
user1: He decides to go to Ole Miss, since his adoptive family went there.
user2: But I don't understand why the cinema gave it such rating
user1: You don't agree with the A+ rating?
user2: the set up does not look spectacular to me
user2: Yeah, I don't
user1: I thought it was decent.
user2: Well the high point is Sandra bullocks took part.
user2: Let's have a chat about another movie tomorrow,
user1: Also, country singer Tim Mcgraw.
user1: Ok, that sounds good!
user2: bye
user1: Bye!

conversation:
user1: What is the name of the movie?
user2: The Blind Side
user2: Have you heard of it?
user1: Who was the main star?
user1: I heard of it but never seen it..
user2: The Main Acctress is Sandra Bullock. The Main Actor is Quinton Aaron as "Big Mike"
user1: What year did it come out?
user2: 2009. The film starts with Big Mike and his impoverished upbringing, through hisyears at a Christian School, through his adoption to his position as one ofthe most highly coveted prospects in college football.
user2: It is based on a true story. He ended up getting drafted by the Ravens
user1: Wow. Is he still playing for the Ravens 2018?
user2: Oh, Tim McGraw is in it too. Sandra Bullock's Husband
user2: I have no idea.
user1: I did not know Tim McGraw was an actor, I thought he was a country singer.
user2: Same, I did not know that he was in it until I just read the rest of the cast.
user1: What would you rate this movie? Is it family friendly?
user2: It got some good ratings and critics praised Sandra Bullock's performance.
user1: Did you cry at the end?
user2: it was a happy-ending movie. Mike ends up making it in the NFL, after a lot of time in foster care, and growing up having to deal with his mom's drug addiction
user2: then when Sandra Bullock adopts him, all her friends think she is crazy for doing so.
user1: What it funny?
user1: Or more serious?
user2: There are funny parts, but its an overall serious movie.
user2: good, but serious.
user2: Mike scores off the charts in protective instincts and is a foootball lineman.
user2: he needs to improve his GPA to play in college, so Sandra hires a tutor for him.
user1: Who was his tutor?
user2: it's pretty good. CinemaScore gave it A+ rating.
user2: I cant recall... But it's not all happy-go-lucky.
user2: there are times Mike questions Sandra Bulloc
user2: k's motives
user2: He runs away, back to his mom, and a gang welcomes him in. 
user2: Mike ends up fighting with them and heads back to Sandra's house. Ultimately doing well in school and making it into college
user2: so, happy ending after all.
user1: Oh no. What made him go back? Did he get in trouble?
user2: Go back where?
user2: hello?
user1: To Sandra
user1: How do we end this conversation?
user2: No, he didn't get in trouble, it sounds like he realized he had a good thing going at Sandra's and didnt want to miss that opportunity up
user2: idk. i know i kind of explained the whole movie, but seems prettty good right? I think i may go back and watch it again.
user2: oh, i figured out how to

conversation:
user1: Have you seen The Blind Side?
user2: Yes, I have just seen it.
user1: What did you think of it? I rather enjoyed it.
user2: Yes, I though it was alright. Did you like Sandra Bullock's character.
user1: I thought Sandra Bullock's character was very strong, it was probably one of her best performances.
user1: I also like that it was based on a true story
user2: Cool, yes. She received lots of great reviews and feedback from her role. I think she did really well.
user2: Yes, I enjoyed that as well.
user1: What did you think of Tim McGraw?
user2: I think he did alright.
user1: He was better than I expected.
user1: Do you think the story is realistic? 
user1: especially Michael's story?
user2: If it is based on a true story, I would hope it doesn't stray to far from the actual events.
user2: I think some things seemed a bit hokey, but overall it wasn't bad.
user1: I think that is the thing with "true story" movies - I always wonder how much is exaggerated or embellished 
user1: like how she just takes Michael under her wing so easily and helps him
user2: Yeah, sometimes a lot. So usually take it at face value. 
user2: But, I think the overall message or concept isn't bad.
user1: What did you think of Bullock telling him to "protect the quarterback" - that seems to be a key scene in the film for me
user2: I think it's good if that is a motivating factor for him to do well in the sport.
user1: It is sad that he was passed around in different foster homes 
user2: Yeah it is. And must be really hard to deal with
user2: That was nice that they paid for a private tutor for him
user1: It says a lot about the Tuohy family that they were brave enough to take him in as a family member, considering they knew his history was so questionable
user1: I thought the scenes with the gang leader in his old neighborhood were very powerful
user1: It shows that he was able to reject his past and move on
user2: Yeah, I did too
user1: I would imagine that would be hard to do
user1: Do you think so?
user2: Yes, definitely
user1: I can also see why he would question their motives for taking him in.
user2: Yeah. He might think they are just using him for their own benefits
user1: It would be hard to trust someone, as he never had anyone to trust before.
user2: Yeah, he probably developed trust issues throughout 
user2: That is good he is accepted into college ultimately
user1: Yes, I think that by going to college, he can totally put the past behind him and start a new life of his own
user2: Yeah and focus on education and what options he has
user1: I'm surprised that it does not have higher ratings
user1: 69% seems low to me
user2: Yeah I think so too
user2: It might be based on the way the story was set up, or perhaps acting/filming
user2: I'm not sure why they are so low
user2: *acting and filming
user1: One of the scores is A+, which makes more sense
user2: Yeah. That metacritic score is 53/100
user2: Which is really bad so not sure what they based that on entirely
user1: That certainly seems low

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: hello
user1: do you want to chat about the movie?
user2: No
user1: ?
user2: Bay
user2: na
user1: are you OK?

conversation:
user1: Hello, have you seen this movie?
user2: I have! It's one of my favorites. What about you? 
user1: I really thought they did a good job casting it. The actors, especially, Quinton Aaron were perfect for it
user1: I have, a few times.
user2: I love Sandra Bullock in it. 
user2: It's been awhile since I've seen it, but the first time I saw it in theaters. 
user1: It was on TV a few weeks ago I think. I saw it when i was flipping through
user1: I still find it odd that that was Tim McGraw. He looks so diferent without a hat hon
user2: It's hard to believe it's been 9 years since it came out! 
user2: I'm surprised it wasn't rated higher on rotten tomatoes. But I'm a sucker for any positive story regarding adoption. 
user2: Tim McGraw also did a great job. 
user1: I agree
user1: I love a good story
user1: I liked how they actually built up the characters 
user2: He really did look different, my MIL didn't recognize him until the end when the credits played haha.
user1: The coolest thing, to me, is that Mike actually got to the NFL despite all that. You have to smile a bit
user1: The other thing I was surprised about is  Tim didn't sing. You would have thought he would have launched into some sort of song
user2: It was just such a "positive" movie. I wish there were more movies out there like it. Especially now when we really need it. Yes!!! Despite everything that happened to him. 
user2: And what he was able to overcome. 
user1: I totally agree. Instead we have more movies about superheros blowing things up 
user1: Sorry not a fan of those movies too much. 
user2: Or movies with so much violence, and then we wonder why so many kids are becoming violent. 
user1: No kidding. I guess people just dont think about it or somehow forget about that stuff. Kids however dont
user1: Scares me to no end to worry about the kids and the future 
user2: Micheal being moved around in foster care, and then having a mother like Leigh Ann take him in is so encouraging. I'd love to get involved in foster care. 
user1: I have always thought htat would be an amazing gift to give someone
user1: The stability of a home and a famil like that would be amazing
user2: Especially foster care. It's got to be  hard I'm sure. But nothing ever worth it is easy. 
user1: I totally agree.
user1: I just wish the system worked better and more kids could be saved from it.
user2: Like when Micheal went back to find his birth mother. I'm sure it was hard on Leigh Ann. 
user1: I am sure. I can only imagine how rejected she felt
user2: And then having her friends question what she is doing. And people saying things about having him in her home with the other kids.
user1: People are really awful sometimes. I am not sure what they are thinking. Correction, I do. They are always worried about how they appear 
user2: Yeah. People really do. 
user2: It is sad. 

conversation:
user1: Hi, Have you seen the Blind Side?
user2: Yes I have seen it many times its one of my favorite movies. Have you seen it
user1: Yes I have, do you like sports dramas in general?
user1: I really think Sandra Bullock played the mom in a awesome way! She was a perfect actress for that role. She was so caring and played the country part so well. 
user2: Yes, I'm a big fan of sports dramas. I think that this movie shows that if you put your mind to something then you can achieve it. Michael Oher was a boy from the projects and ended up as an NFL linebacker. 
user2: I really liked Tim Mcgraw in this movie. He played the part so well 
user1: Yes, it really shows you can overcome any hurdle in life.It also shows there are still people out there who care and will help others expecting nothing in return.
user1: The movie showed me to care about others! I did not knowit was based on a book also, I thought t was just a true story.
user2: The movie about Michael Oher was a praiseworthy performance by Sandra Bullock, She really put on a strong performance 
user1: It got a low rating from rotten tomatoes, that suprises me! It was only given a 6.1/10! It deserved a better score then that. 
user2: yes with its cast and director, and a great moving story line it should have gotten a much higher rating
user1: Did you know he was in foster case because of his moms drug addiction? He ran away everytime he got put into a new home. 
user2: Yes, he ended up sleeping on a couch at his friends dads house 
user1: Yes! I did not know Leigh Anne met him through her son, when he befriended him. 
user2: i think it was really cool that mikes friends dad fought to have michael attend a school like windgate to play football and that he met the tuohys there
user1: Yes, it was like someone was always fighting for him to succedd and have a future! In the move S.J was funny, what so you think about him?
user2: i think that sandra bullouck's character was strong minded for sure and would have to be to make everything happen like she wanted it 
user1: It was sad her friends were so against her! They felt she was not safe and that was so far from the truth
user2: i think its really cool that mrs tughy didnt care what her friends thought when she takes michael in
user1: I liked when he tested in the 98th percentile for protective instincts. That showed his character as a peron 
user2: I think that that is what helped him out on the football field
user1: Yes is sure did. He was always ready to protect his teamates. How do you feel about the tutor Mrs.Sue?
user2: i also think that its great that they did everything for him to suceed like hiring a tutor
user2: i think that michael had been hurt so many times that he questioned why anyone would do so much for him without wanting anything in return
user1: It was sad when He questioned her about taking him in. That lady manipulated him into thinking the family had other motives
user2: i think that michael did love this family he was so protective of of collins and leighann
user1: He loved them so much, When he said he wanted to go to Ole Miss because his family went there showed how much he loved them
user1: It was sad when he said goodbye to them at the college. Leigh Anne did not want to leave him!
user1: Are you there?
user1: Do you think Ole Miss was the right pick for him?

conversation:
user1: Hello, I've read the source page, have you had a chance to do the same?
user2: yeS
user1: Great, I saw this movie last year and enjoyed it.
user2: I like that it is based on true events and shows great character personality.
user1: I thought Big Mike's character was portrayed very well, and Sandra Bullock's acting was terrific. 
user2: It was interesting also to see Tim McGraw be an actor.
user1: I'm not a country fan, so aside from having heard the name before, I had no idea who he was. 
user2: I usually don't like when singers become actors or vice versa but he did a pretty good job.
user1: I suppose I'd have to agree since i don't remember taking exception to any of the acting in the movie. Actually, I didn't even know it was based on true events until the credits were about to roll, and only found out just now that it was based also on a book.
user2: Me too. I knew it was based on actual events but didn't know about the book. I may have to look it up. I still like to watch the movie when I come across it on tv. 
user2: There is so much more to the movie than that little blurb. I feel that doesn't describe so much of the movie. 
user2: I think the actors that played the kids were well chosen also. I liked that they didn't chose well-known child actors that were already tied to other movies. 
user1: Ah, page 2. Yes I recall this scene now that it's brought to my attention. It seemed to me unrealistic that Sandra Bullock's character would take in Big Mike and put so much trust in a total stranger.
user2: Right? I don't think I could take in a stranger that I had no personal knowledge of and feel safe with my family. 
user1: And yeah, definitely much more to this movie, i'm assuming there will be other pages with more content to comment on.
user1: Especially since she had at least one young child in the home.
user2: I liked the scene where there brought him home though and how the actor portraying Mike showed the emotion. 
user2: Exactly. I couldn't do it with a young child. 
user1: I didn't notice the reviews on the first page, how is it possible that this movie only got a 53/100 metacritic score. I'm certain this won the oscar for best picture.
user2: I was astonished during the scene where her friends act like that. I wouldn't deal with friends like that. 
user2: I was surprised by that also. I think Sandra Bullock won but I don't think the movie did. 
user1: Oh her friends were total snobs, but that just made her complete acceptance of Mike that much more of a surprise. Typically people and their friends behave similarly.
user2: I would have been so proud if that was my teenage daughter standing up for another person. The way she insisted that he couldn't be thrown out was very adult like. 
user1: I start to question now if that actually happened in real life or if that was altered for the movie.
user2: Yea I suppose. I tend not to be friends with people like that. 
user2: I think it was close. I know there were interviews with the real daughter where she stated things similarly. 
user1: That'
user1: That's cool. It's always better when they keep it as close as possible to the real thing.
user2: The scene where he says he picked Ole Miss because that's where his family went was so emotional. He finally realized he was part of the family and accepted it.
user1: That gang was nothing but a bunch of bums. They must feel like a bunch of losers knowing how things turned out in the end for michael.
user1: Yeah, cool scene, and great that he was finally allowed entry. 
user2: Yep! He made better choices and got a wonderful life instead of ending up in a gang and dead young.
user1: Actually, this movie speaks on a number of inspirational themes. Promoting those in poor living conditions to better themselves, and encouraging the well off to assist those who are less privileged. 
user2: Exactly. It shows a different side of the world. In such a way that it's easier to relate to. 
user1: Well i see the "finish conversation" button is lit, does that mean it's time for us to wrap up? Truly a terrific movie that deserves a higher rating score.
user2: Yes, it definitely wasn't rated very well. But I feel like it gets better after watching it a few times. It was great talking with you!
user1: Likewise, have a nice day.
user2: You too!

conversation:
user2: What is the movie title ?
user1: Hi,The movie title is the Blind Side. Are you a big fan of Sandra Bullock's?
user2: Yes I love her , she is a good actor .
user1: That's awesome! She plays a starring role in this film and received pretty high accolades for the film. Does a movie about a football player interest you?
user2: Depending on what else the movie is about . I am not huge into sports but very open minded when it comes to movies.
user1: Well, this is a biographical drama film about Michael Oher who went on to play for the Baltimore Ravens in the NFL. To that end, it explores issues related to his humble upbringings.
user1: The film also scored an A+ from CinemaScore and some decent ratings from Rotten Tomatoes and Metacritic as well.
user2: Sounds like a very inspirational movie, I would be interested in watching , would you give it a good ratings based off what you know.
user1: I've seen the movie before, and personally, I believe it to be a really inspirational film. However, according to the information I have assuming I hadn't seen it, I would absolutely be interested in exploring it. It takes place not too far away from the area in which I grew up, and from the information here, there are some really interesting actors in addition to Sandra Bullock such as Tim McGraw.
user1: Some really strong source material also helps to support the quality of the film.
user2: I am a fan of Tim McGraw as well, sounds to me like it would be movie worth watching. I live inspirational films , is it based off a true story ?
user2: *love , *story 
user1: Yes it is. Also, the player's (Michael Oher) mother deals with some drug issues and a lot of it revolves around him overcoming this problem. I always personally liked these types of stories, but given its realism, it strikes an even deeper chord.
user1: To give a little more background on the film, Mike receives an offer from Burt Cotton, the coach at a local christian school, to enroll along with a friend of his at the request of his friend's father. This gives Mike the opportunity to demonstrate his size and athleticism as an offensive lineman.
user2: Well I can relate to alot of hardships explained by you in this movie , that's probably why I like movies like this on so much. When I watch a movie as you described , going through hardships and troubles and over coming them as it relates to real life hits home and I can appreciate them more. Even if it has sports involved, the extra determination I'm sure it possibly brings would be an over powering movie.
user1: And that
user1: And that's absolutely the core thing here. It very much revolves around the drama of Michael's life growing up and demonstrating his potential.
user1: Have you heard of John Lee Hancock before?
user2: Which I believe makes for an awesome movie plot,  and no I  am not familiar with him ?
user1: I honestly hadn't heard of him myself, but he is the director for this film. It might be worth exploring some of the other films he has worked on, especially given his success with this movie.
user2: Well based on the information you have given the movie is worth watching and John Lee Hancock sounds like he knows what he's doing , I will have to check him out on rotten tomatoes as well to see the other movies he has directed a, to see if his other movies sound as good as this one 
user1: Some other issues that come about include problems around discrimination given Michael's background. Sandra Bullock has to stand up for Michael as others think that he is a danger to be around. In addition, Mike has to overcome some issues with his grades and getting his GPA up so he can play at college.And absolutely!
user1: Is there anything else that you might be wondering about this film?
user2: Problems about discrimination? What race/ethnicity is Michael, and why do others see him as a threat to be around ?
user1: Well, I can't tell what race Michael might be from the documents that I have, but the reason that he is viewed as a threat by some involves the fact that he is living in Leigh Anne Tuohy's (Sandra Bullock's character), who also has a son Collin, house. Given Mike's tough background and build, some see him as a threat.
user1: Leigh Anne rebukes them though, and as such, serves as a loving guardian for him as he grows up.
user1: Given what I've told you about the film, do you think that the movie is deserving of praise?
user1: And what about it do you think is praiseworthy?
user2: Oh okay, I suppose I'll just have to watch the movie to find out! Thank you for your information about this movie , and yes I think this movie would be praiseworthy.
user2: Praiseworthy would be a movie that that deserved praise in all aspects , the directors , actors , and anyone involved who has made this movie great and worth it , I have not even see it and I already love and respect the plot.
user1: Great!A few more thoughts on the movie. He eventually finds his biological mother in a place called Hurt Village. Although he is welcomed back by gang members initially, they threaten him and his adopted family. He defends himself physically and his family's reputation. After questioning Leigh Anne, he eventually ends up at Ole Miss and has to say his farewells to the Tuohy family.
user1: There seems to be quite a tear jerker here if you're into that sort of thing.
user1: Notably, the Tuohy family went to school there, which assumingly heavily influenced Mike's decision.
user2: Sadly yes , tear jerker movies are the best, although I hate it because most of the time i cry , but when a movie is so powerful and full of emotion you just can't help but to let the tears come out .
user1: Absolutely! I like my drama with a little action/suspense as well, so while it's sad in a way that Michael had to face this, it makes for a much more interesting movie when he has to confront the gang issues.
user2:  Do you think Was Michael was easily influenced by the family, and felt obligated to fall into their footsteps ? And yes especially with that , sounds like he was put into a tough position , but it sounds like the family that took him in was concerned for his well being in general , he was just trying to do the same by protecting them.
user1: I'm sure they had some pretty strong influences, but seeing as how they had to protect him and lead him to a better life, these influences were probably a good thing.

conversation:
user1: Hi,Have you watched this movie?
user2: seY
user2: Yes
user2: Have you seen the movie?
user1: no, i don't think so
user1: Did you like it?
user2: I liked it. Sandra Bullock got good reviews but that was because she did most of the talking in the movie.
user1: She is a good actress.
user1: Looks like this movie is based on true events
user2: The main character who the movie was based upon didn't do a lot of talking but he did a good a job also. The next character that did a lot of acting was the character that played SJ jr. It was a little kid but he did a good job also.
user1: Would you watch it again?
user2: Yes it was based upon Michael Oher life.
user2: Yes I've seen it several times. It had comedy, drama, and a happy ending. I don't think I saw it in the theatres. I saw it on video and now it's on regular tv.
user1: Sorry my computer froze for aminute
user1: sounds interesting. Even though im not into sports movies
user1: I don't even know who Michel Oher is
user2: He's not a major player. He's moved around to a few teams. I like football so that's one of the reason I watched the movie. I didn't know who he was either. Usually the quarterbacks and the running backs make all the good money

conversation:
user2: hey
user2: How's it going?
user2: What movie are we talking about?
user1: HEY! going well and you?
user2: Pretty good. 
user1: Well this movie scored 69% on rotten tomatoes
user1: Does feature Sandra Bullock
user2: oh. not the best but I don't always agree with rotten tomato
user2: Nice what year is it from?
user1: Story about a football player who became an NFL player and his impoverished upbringing and eventually getting adopted by a family.
user1: 2009
user1: Was a first round pick for the Ravens.  One of the top high school player that year
user2: Oh okay. I think i might have heard of it
user1: He had bounced around foster parents for years
user1: but he kept running away when placed with a new family
user2: Cool. Who played the football player?
user1: A friends dad asked the coach of a private school to get him enrolled
user2: Was this based on a true story?
user1: That was Quinton Aaron
user1: Yes a true story
user2: Okay, I remember it more. Did you see it?
user1: Yes
user2: What is it called?
user2: Do you reccomend seeing it? 
user1: The Blind Side
user2: I don't think I even got around to it
user1: The parents that adopted him... many of their friends thought it was dangerous since he was a troubled kid
user1: He eventually tracks down his biological mom
user2: Would you say it's cheesy? 
user2: I find movies like this often are over the top
user2: like they try to hard to make you cry
user1: He went to college at ole miss,
user1: kinda cheesy with some positives
user1: yeah I can see that
user2: that's good. So the story follows him all the way to the Ravens?
user2: is Sandra Bullock in all of it?
user2: Thanks for the info, I'll try to check it out!
user2: Bye!

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: Hi have you seen the blind side? Critics praised Sandra Bullock's performance
user2: I love that movie! I thought Sandra was fantastic in her performance
user2: What did you think of her performance?
user1: I thought it was wonderful! Even though some viewers thought the overall acting was bland Sandra Bullock's performance was especially strong
user2: I thought Tim Mcgraw was also realy good in that movie
user1: he was and the source material was also very strong
user2: thought it had a good meaning
user1: same. you should rewatch it to see if you agree with some of the moderate reviews from critics
user2: I dont know what they didnt like
user1: do you normally watch movies that are critically aclaimed?
user2: not normally. I am not a big movie lover. I watch more tv shows. 
user1: I dont know as much about tv shows. Do you remember the scene where Michael Oher runs away from home?
user2: Yeah. I thought something bad might happen at that point
user1: me too. but then his friend's father helped him join the football team
user2: he was a dominant player
user1: I like the sean where he befriended Sean Jr
user1: because it showed lots of emotional range
user2: true
user1: do you remember the seen where Leigh Anne's friends thought she might not be safe with Michael?
user2: Yeah all because he was a male and because of his race
user1: True. I enjoyed the scene where Leigh Anne found out that Michael had high protective instincts as it tied together the family elements and the football elements of the movie
user2: And how she went on the football field to show him
user1: i was disturbed by the scene where Michael returned to his home town and almost joined a gang from home
user2: that was scary
user1: but i enjoyed how michael made the right decision, it showed his depth of character
user2: i just accidentally returned my hit so im leaving

conversation:
user1: I loved Sandra Bullock in this movie.  It was.
user1: A departure from her normal roles,
user2: Sandra Bullock was great in this movie. I also love biographic movies, especially about sports players.
user1: What surprised me most was the acting chops by Tim McGraw
user2: John Lee Hancock did a great job on this film, its not easy to get a 69% on Rotten Tomatoes

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: hey
user2: you like?
user1: title?
user2: The blind side
user1: whats it about?
user2: football
user1: really?
user2: yeah
user1: not my thing
user2: me neither
user2: The film received moderately positive reviews, with critics praising Sandra Bullock'sperformance.
user1: ok
user2: "It might strike some viewers as a little too pat, but The Blind Side has the benefit of strongsource material and a strong performance from Sandra Bullock."
user1: good
user1: don't really like sandra bullock
user2: oh, why
user1: dunno
user2: The Blind Side is a 2009 American biographical sports drama film written and directed by JohnLee Hancock, based on the 2006 book The Blind Side: Evolution of a Game by MichaelLewis.[2][3] The storyline features Michael Oher, an offensive lineman who was drafted by theBaltimore Ravens of the NFL. The film follows Oher from his impoverished upbringing, through hisyears at Wingate Christian School (a fictional representation of Briarcrest Christian School inMemphis, Tennessee),[4] his adoption by Sean and Leigh Anne Tuohy, to his position as one ofthe most highly coveted prospects in college football, then finally becoming a first-round pick of the
user1: ok
user1: thanks
user2: no problem
user1: have you watched it?
user2: no, not really
user2: 69% on rotten tomatoes
user1: ok
user1: not too bad
user2: yeah\
user2: could be worse
user1: indeed
user2: yes sir

conversation:
user2: Hello, how are you?
user1: Hello, I'm well. What's on the tab today?
user2: Blind date movie, have you seen it?
user1: Not at all, what is that? A parody?
user2: It has Sandra Bullock and Tim Mcgraw in it
user2: a very emotional story, she adopts a child and he ends up being really good at sports
user2: and changes his life
user1: Oh I thought it'd be like a quirky romantic comedy. It's more of a drama I see.
user2: it's based on a true story called The Blind Side
user2: Yes, usually Bulloock is in romantic comedies but this one is pretty serious and she very good
user1: I've seen the Blind Side! How are they similar? I really like that movie
user2: very emotional movie and worth seeing
user2: I think this one is even better, great story line and the cast is great!
user2: it's 2009 movie so it's definitely out there on Netflix
user1: Well if it's better than the Blind Side (which is already an A+) I'd definitely give it a try.
user1: Oh okay, it's a little older
user1: I like that. That way when I watch I can check reddit for their take on it
user2: Yes, give it a shot you won't regret it!
user1: You've convinced me, I'm gonna look it up now!
user1: Is it family friendly
user2: definitely, I cried during his film, this is great to show the kids too teaches them compassion and goodness!
user1: Great, I always like to make movies a family ordeal. How's the cinematography/quality seeing as it's a little dated?
user2: it's actually very good quality, the director did a great job! It really feels like a modern film and you would not know the difference
user2: Hancock directed many great films and did a great job on this one!
user1: That's awesome. I don't want the kids complaining about me forcing them to watch some grainy old film haha!
user1: Hopefully it's not too long. Does it excess 90 minutes?
user2: 87 minutes long and definitely not a granny film
user2: so grab your kids and if they are 10+ years old they would enjoy it oo
user2: too
user1: 87 minutes isn't bad at all!
user1: Ok so I need tissues and popcorn and I'm all set for a good movie
user1: I appreciate this thorough synopsis, it's just my taste level
user2: you won't even notice, when you watch a good movie time flies!
user1: That's true. One more question
user1: Are there any inappropriate love scenes?
user2: Nothing at all, it's all kids friendly, it's just a serious and emotional story that's why the kids need to be 10+ to understand it
user1: Great, hopefully it gets some psychological discussion flowing afterwards
user2: definitely, compassion, love, achievement, etc!

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: hello
user2: do you like football movies?

conversation:
user1: hELLO
user2: Hey, Have you watched the movie The Blindside?
user1: I don't remember, is that the football one?
user2: yes
user1: Yes, I saw that years ago
user2: well I am suppose to convince you to watch it
user1: I forgot the plot
user1: I'm not sure if I should rewatch it
user1: Is it funny?
user2: it has some comedy bits in it but mainly it follows NFL offensive line Michael Oher through his upbringing and being taken in by another family after being homeless
user1: I don't really care for football
user1: what would a non-football fan like about it?
user2: you would like the drama behind everything, Sandra Bullocks performance in the film is great
user1: I feel like it might be kind of cheesy
user2: its not that cheesy after all its a true story, Michael actually lived through what is shown
user1: So I assume it is family friendly... are there any dark parts to it?
user2: There are a couple dark parts, his mother was a drug addict so there are some scenes with that in there
user1: Oh that sounds interesting
user1: Is it a tearjerker?
user2: quite a bit, there are a lot of joyful scenes that make you happy and may cause some tears
user1: Can you tell me what movies this is similar to?
user2: I really think this is a one of a kind movie, many think of any similar
user2: can't think
user1: I like movies that have twists or surprises... does this have any moments like that?
user2: many twists and surprises, Michaels life is so crazy you don't know whats coming next
user1: I also like movies that make me think and I can talk about with friends after we watch it. Would this fit that description?
user2: absolutely, I am still talking about the movie to this day, and I saw it when it first came out
user1: What kind of things do you talk about
user2: I talk bout the drama of it, one scene where Leigh Anne who is the woman who takes in Michael, walked down to the football field and tells Michael to "protect your quarterback he needs you" and from the point on the quarterback didn't get touched. I still love and talk about that scene
user1: Did the characters inspire you?
user2: Leigh Anne actually inspired me, all her friends were questioning what she was doing by taking in Michael and she kept ignoring them and supporting him and look where he I now, in the NFL. so that inspires me to help people because you never know the value of that person
user1: Definitely. Did it make you want to learn more about the true story?
user2: it actually did, after I watched the movie the second time I went online and read more about what truly happened

conversation:
user1: How great was the character "big mike" ? greatest role in the movie, his back story and how he is now? heart warming
user1: some movies scenes kept me crying like a baby when he told his new mom he never had a bed before. saddest parts of the movie
user1: but in the end the movie taught viewers to stay strong in any situation and as long as you keep your head up you can achieve anything you put your mind too. 
user2: I can agree with that. I was not too impressed with the movie though. It only received a 69% on rotten tomatoes.
user1: i personally dont go by viewer ratings myself. i like to see films in my own eyes rather then someones opinion 
user2: I agree with you. I was just using the critic score to back up my opinion that it was just an okay film. I did think that Quinton Aaron did a good job in his role. 
user1: yes i can agree with that. sandra played a strong role. i feel like it taught woman to stay strong even in tough enviroments
user2: I can definitely agree with you there as well. I like that It was a rags to riches sort of storyline. It makes you feel as though anyone can succeed. You don't need to start of rich to join the NFL, just have talent.
user1: as long a you have the talent and mind set to set goals for yourself you can do anything 
user2: This film did a good job of portraying that. At the same time though, I'm not sure he would have made it all the way to the NFL without the support of Sandra Bullock's character. 
user1: yes i can agree with that. she really pushed the movie to the point where everyone wanted to watch it
user2: What did you think of Tim McGraw's acting? I honestly didn't know he could act.
user1: i thought he had a  good attitude with the role. didnt really show up much in the movie but it wasnt about him. i feel like he was always happy but they needed to have realistic roles of getting angry

conversation:
user2: Hey there!
user1: Hi 
user1: lost my chat  hang on
user2: Ok
user1: there it is   have you seen BlindSide?
user2: Blind Side?
user2: The movie doesn’t ring a bell
user2: Who’s in it?
user1: I want to see it because Sandra Bullock is in it
user1: She is one of my favorites
user2: Really, blind side?
user2: What is it about?
user1: Yep it is about sports
user2: I honestly have no idea what the movie is about.
user2: Oh, the one where she adopts a football player?
user1: Well, this young man comes from a very poor home but wants to play on this team   Right!!
user2: Yeah, Yeah
user2: Just remembered.
user2: Did you know it was inspired in a book?
user1: It is a tear jerker for sure
user2: But I don’t know if it’s a true story.
user1: I didn't know that but a true story 
user2: Okay then
user2: So, do you know the average IMDB rating?
user2: I can’t remember if it was ratted good or badly?
user1: no, I think it was just average.  
user2: Average?
user2: That’s a bummer
user1: but if you love a story about family it's good to me
user2: The story is portrayed beautifully and the script is touching
user2: Do you think family is it
user2: It’s main theme?
user1: Yes, I think the family is exceptional
user1: How a young black boy makes a great football player when he's been in foster homes for most of his life.
user2: Right, I hear you.
user2: Where did the story take place?
user2: Australia or the US?
user1: Just some nurturing and being in a real family brings him arounds.
user2: Well, man, thanks for the great chat. Have a great afternoon and goodbye!
user1: I thought it was set in the South.. 
user1: see you then

conversation:
user1: Hello, What do you think about this movie?
user2: I enjoyed the movie. I enjoy most sports films. 
user2: What did you think of the movie?
user1: It sounds like it may be interesting. I haven't seen many Sports films, but I feel like most of them tell a meaningful story. This one looks like it has good source material.
user1: It looks like it has mixed ratings though
user2: It was really interesting that it was based on a true story.
user1: Yes, I really enjoy movies based on true stories, so I think I will try this one.
user2: I hope you are not disappointed.
user1: Thanks! 
user2: You're welcome!
user1: This additional information has made me more interested in the movie. 
user2: It was interesting that Mike was admitted to the school for purely atheletics.
user2: athletics* 
user1: That is pretty impressive. As a completely non-athletic person, I am always amazed by people with such talent.
user1: It looks like he found a good mentor though.
user2: A good mentor is important for any student especially one in foster care. 
user2: It's amazing that Leigh Anne became his legal guardian and becomes protective over Michael.
user1: Ah, I saw this coming when I read about his friend's mother. I'm glad she took his side though.
user1: And using his instincts towards football is an interesting twist
user2: Yes, she figures out a unique way to get him to use what comes naturally to him.
user2: The Tuohys also seemed to value academics.
user1: I'm curious what type of test that was, aside from a career aptitude test.
user1: Yeah, academics are important even for athletes. While you can get far playing, it doesn't make up for every aspect of life
user2: Exactly!
user2: I was glad when Michael chose the Tuohy family over the gang.
user1: Yeah, those situations are never easy, especially with the threat of ciolence
user2: No, it showed that he had a good head on his shoulders even if his academics didn't reflect it.
user1: violence*
user1: Yeah, there is a difference between street smarts and books smarts
user1: I think I'm going to go watch this movie now, as I'm curious about it.

conversation:
user1: Hey how are you today?
user2: Good and you? Do you generally watch movies like this one?
user1: I am good. What movie are you talking about?
user2: The blindside
user2: Have you seen it before?
user1: yes I generally watch movies like that
user1: yes I have saw it. Have you?
user2: Sandra Bullock did an amazing job in it
user2: Yes l have seen it also
user1: She sure did. I enjoy most of the movies that she is in.  ]
user1: How true to the story do you think it was/
user2: The film received moderately good reviews
user1: I dont normally read reviews. 
user1: Do you ?
user2: I think it was pretty true
user2: No l Don't normally read reviews
user2: I like to watch the movie for myself
user2: But l do look at the ratings
user1: oh yeah I dont look at that either lol
user2: The cinema score was an A+ on this movie
user1: oh okay. i would give it that rating too
user2: It's was made back in 2000
user1: it doesnt seem like that long ago....time sure does fly
user2: Do you agree with the rating of the movie? 
user1: yes i do...do you
user2:  you generally watch movies with (good/bad) ratings? 
user2: Do
user2: Yes l do
user2: I normally try to pick the 4-5 Star ratings Myself
user1: yes, like i said i dont ever look at the reviews I ususally just decide to see it if I like the story or actors or there is a lot of hype
user1: wow you have bug expectations
user1: ever liked a low rated movie?
user2: I think when it's a true story type of movie, they always add things that never happened to me it more interesting and exciting don't you agree?
user1: yes i usually agree 
user1: most times i would rather read a  book about it then watch the movie
user2: Bills are more detailed l think
user1: yes
user2: Reviews from people are always different because everyone is different on their own unique way of seeing things but doesn't mean you think that way also
user2: Thank you have a great day

conversation:
user1: Hello are you there?
user1: ?
user2: Hey

conversation:
user1: Hi! I just watched "The Blind Side" and I was really blown away by Quinton Aaron's performance!
user2: how do you like 
user2: did you watch 
user2: that was sports drama 
user1: Yes it's a sports drama movie. I'm not usually into sports but I felt that this movie was very heartfelt with great acting.
user2: Michael Oher (Quinton Aaron), a homeless black teen, has drifted in and out of the school system for years. 
user1: Yes, that's what it was about. I was really suprised at how the critics downplayed this movie. I thought they'd like it more.
user2:  a homeless and traumatized boy who became an All American football player and first round NFL draft pick with the help of a caring woman and her family.
user2: what thing you like most i
user2: in this drama serial
user2: Based on a book by journalist Michael Lewis chronicling the real Oher’s experiences, this film manages to inspire despite its broad-strokes approach to characterization.
user1: I really enjoyed seeing how his mom struggled to support him throughout his childhood.
user2: yes
user2: that was lesson for all
user2: in which year that has released
user2: i think 2009
user1: The movie was released in 2009. I remember a lot of publicity around it.
user2: and how much business they earbed
user1: I'm not really sure how much they made with the movie. I believe it was pretty popular among audiences. So I'm sure it did fairly well financially.
user2: and i read this film was recieved many positive reviews
user2: what most you like in this movie
user1: I got very emotionally involved in watching Michael struggle through high school.
user2: hello
user2: yes i also impressed
user2: do you like the cast?
user2: i think people who love sports like much
user1: The cast was amazing and really worked well together. I could really feel a bond between the entire family especially Sandra Bullock and Quinton Aaron.
user2: because it relted to sports
user2: The Blind Side” was a massive box office hit, beloved by both critics and the viewing public. The movie raked in $300 million, earned an Oscar nod for best picture, and clinched Sandra Bullock, who starred in the film, 
user1: Well I feel like the sports themes themselves were toned down somewhat and it was more like a general family drama.
user2: yes i know
user2: this is family drama
user1: Yes. I think seeing how Michael finally settled down with this family after all of the foster care drama was especially uplifting.
user2: what rate would you gave to this drama
user2: i belive it could get 7 out of 10
user1: I'd probably rate it a 9. I just couldn't get it out of my head after watching it!
user2: how was this conversation
user2: do you like
user1: I'm not sure which conversation you mean. There were many heartfelt conversations in the movie. A lot of them involved Michael. I remember one specific one where Leigh Anne was explaining how gentle Michael was.
user2: i am taking out conversation
user2: about the film
user1: Our conversation is going well. I enjoy hearing different viewpoints.
user2: it was fine and all section of the film we cover
user2: is anything special in this drama
user2: which make them unique
user1: Well it's unique for its story. I'm not sure how I would set it apart from other dramas. I just feel it was very heartfelt and emotional. I like that there wasn't too much football content per se as I'm not really into sports much.

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: Hi, have you seen The Blind Side?  It's a great movie!
user1: No, I have not.
user1: What is it about?
user2: It's about an impoverished kid who is taken in by a family and rises to become a football star
user1: Who does it star?
user2: Sandra Bullock delivers an amazing performance 
user1: ahh, I'm not really a big fan of Sandra Bullock.
user1: The only movie I've seen with her was Speed.
user1: and that movie is from like 25 years ago.
user2: What about Tim McGraw or Quinton Aaron, they also star in the Blind Side
user1: hmm, names sound familiar but I'm drawing a blank on the facs.
user1: faces
user1: any similar movies to The Blind Side?
user1: maybe that'll help gauge my interest
user2: none that I can think of, but The Blind Side is really good.  Received positive reviews
user2: It was based on a book written by Michael Lewis
user1: Ok, may be I'll read up on it a little
user1: sorry, haven't heard of the book either 
user2: Well if you like feel good sports movies, this is a must see
user1: Sounds good
user2: definitely is!
user1: I'm more into the comedy type though so I'd probably go with movies like The Longest Yard or Baseketball
user1: maybe even Dodgeball
user1: have you seen those?
user1: Not really the best reviewed movies but they had some good laughs
user2: I think I've seen dodgeball, but it was a while ago
user1: Yea, it's from early 2000s

conversation:
user1: Hi, how are you today?
user2: I am good how are you?
user2: Have you seen the movie the blind side?
user1: good, thanks for asking
user2: I think this was one of Sandra Bullock's best movies
user1: No, I have not
user1: She is always good in light romantic comedy!
user1: Is this a fairly recent movie?
user2: Did you know it was based on a true story about Michael Oher, and his adoption by Sean and Leigh Ann Tuohy
user2: It is not a recent movie it is older
user1:  I had no idea
user2: But it is a nice family movie and very inspirational
user1: I have to check it out
user2: The film received moderately positive reviews
user2: You should check it out
user1: any other famous actors in this movie?
user2: Tim McGraw
user2: he plays the father
user1: interesting
user2: In the story Sandra's character takes a boy Michael home
user2: He has been in and out of foster care, and didn't have a place to stay
user1: it would be a nice deviation  from seeing all these latest Apocalyptic movies!
user2: Her friends think she is crazy as does her family
user1: That sounds like a good story!
user2: It is a very good story
user2: I like the fact that it is true
user2: It is a drama film for sure and it touches the heart
user1: yes, love people with big hearts who make a difference in a kid's life like that!
user2: After they take him into their home they get him into football
user2: He has a talent and is the size for a football player
user1: wow, that's amazing, a real life transformation!
user2: They get him help with school, and he ends up doing really well, from the life that he lived prior with his drug abusing mom and foster care
user2: In the end though he gets questioned by the College Football Draft because he choose the school where the Touhy's had gone too
user1: Bless these people! I'll definitely download this movie soon-thank you for telling me!
user2: They wanted him to believe they took him in so their team that they invested money in would do well
user2: but that wasn't the case
user2: It is a very good movie, you should see it
user1: Absolutely!

conversation:
user2: Have you seen the Blind Side?
user1: I have not, what is the movie about?
user2: It is based on a true story about Michael Oher. do you know who that is?
user1: I love movies based on true stories, I don't know who Michael Oher is, who is he?
user2: He played football for the Baltimore Ravens. He was adopted by a couple when he was in high school and the movie follows his journey. 
user1: Wow, who stars in the movie?
user2: Sandra Bullock and Time McGraw are the big names in the film.
user1: I love Sandra Bullock! Did the movie receive any awards?
user2: I am not sure if the movie won awards, but did you know a book was originally written about Michael Oher's story?
user1: That's very interesting, is it a comedy or a drama?
user2: It would be considered a drama! Do you usually watch dramas?
user1: I sometimes do, especially when they are based on true stories or involving sports.
user2: My favorite scene of the movie is when Michael meets SJ (his parents later adopt Michael). It is a very heartwarming movie but I believe you would enjoy it based on the topic alone.
user1: I think I will go see this film, it sounds like a film I would enjoy.
user2: I am surprised Rotten Tomatoes scored the movie a 69%, as many major movie critics gave it great reviews. 
user1: Wow I can't believe that! Is it a good movie for a date night?
user2: Yes, Michael Oher's story about being taken from his drug-addict mother when he wasseven and that no one knows her whereabouts is a heavy topic but it would be nice to watch with a significant other.
user1: That sounds great, what is the rating?
user2: Metacritic Score: 53/100CinemaScore: A+
user2: Im surprised the ratings are so inconsistent. 
user1: Yes me too! Is this movie suitable for kids?
user2: Yes, a lot of lessons about judgement are served throughout the film. Especially, when a family friend suggests a daughter of Michael's adopted family would not be safe around him. The mother dismisses the rude friend and defends Michael, as this woman does not know anything about him or his character. This lesson is important to teach tp kids. 
user1: That sounds great, my children and I should watch this movie.
user2: The most heartwarming part of the movie is when Michael commits to Ole Miss (where his adoptive parents went) and tells the head coach Granger he chose Ole Miss because "it's where my family goes to school".
user1: That sounds like a very good part of the movie!
user2: Great to watch with the whole family. 
user1: What is the parental rating for this movie?
user2: I could not answer that question! Im sure that is readily accessible on the internet.
user1: I'll look that up right away!

conversation:
user1: hey!
user2: Hey! 
user2: You should watch a movie called the Blind Side.
user1: what's it about?
user2: It's about this really poor disadvantaged kid who gets adopted by this couple and ends up becoming really good at college football.
user1: that sounds good, what did you enjoy about it?

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user1: What is the movie we're talking about?
user2: Hello have you see the movie blind side
user2: Have you watch it? 
user2: Is with Sandra bullock 
user1: I have not seen it. What is it about?
user1: I've heard of it before
user2: Is about drama sport and also biological family 
user2: Oh you have to see it I recommends it 
user1: that's kinda vague
user1: you recommend it?
user1: what sport is it about?
user2: It’s about this family that they have two kids and they go to school with this black kid that is call big kike
user2: About futball 
user2: I totally recommend it 
user1: oh cool I love football
user1: What does the family do?
user2: And big mike that he is the black kid her biological mom doesn’t love him
user2: And doesn’t care about him 
user2: So Sandra bullock saw him on the street he take him to her house to sleep 
user2: And then does how everything start it and I the end she adopt him and give him a life and caring love from
user2: Her family
user1: ph that sounds sweet
user2: It’s teach you that they are still people that are not raises 
user2: And that a white family can adopt a black kid 
user1: so it is about loving people even if you are not biologically related?
user1: right
user2: It’s really cute movie 
user1: so the movie also talks about race
user2: Yes 
user1: then where does football come in to it?
user2: Correct because is a white family and a school that al are white and big mike he is black 
user2: Because big mike start to practice and getting to the team from school and won a scholarship 
user1: oh very nice
user1: that sounds interesting
user1: does he get a college scholarship?
user1: is the movie funny at all?

conversation:
user1: Hi! Have you seen The Blind Side?
user2: Yes, I have!
user2: I rather liked it.
user1: Me, too. I enjoyed it!
user2: How about you?
user2: Sorry, sent it too late.
user1: It surprised me how much I enjoyed Sandra Bullock in it. I'm not usually a fan.
user2: Really? I tend to like Sandra Bullock, though I don't tend to watch dramas.
user1: I do. And I usually like biopics, too. Somethines the can be overly sentimental, I think. But this one had a really strong story.
user2: I think so, too. It was good story.
user2: Do you like sports movies?
user1: Not usually. There are a few standouts though and this is one of them.
user1: What was your favorite scene?
user2: I really enjoyed when Big Mike met S.J. They have really good dynamic together.
user2: How about you?
user1: Big Mike and SJ together melt my heart! I love when he stops the airbag with his bare arm.
user2: Big Mike IS such a strong guy, hence being so good in football.
user1: It's been a while since I saw the movie though and I had forgotten that Tim McGraw was SJ's dad.
user2: I'm not so familiar with Tim McGraw, but I did enjoy him acting as a father.
user1: It was a good role. He was supportive of his wife brining this stranger into their home to live.
user2: I wonder where Leigh Anne learned to be comfortable with a such a strong kid who has issues (academically and with his family) and is clearly in a different social class, enough to welcome him into her home.
user2: I know that this is based on a true story, but it still seems rather unusual to me.
user1: She seemed to me to be a 'nurturer.' Especially when she explains to Big Mike that he has to 'protect' his quarterback.
user2: She may have told him to protect others, but she is the lineman in his life, it seems.
user1: Oh, that's a great way to put it!
user2: Haha, thanks :)
user2: At least Big Mike is confused about Leigh Anne's motivations, too.
user2: It's sad that he still wants to make things work with his biological mom, even after all he's been through.
user1: Oh yes, that's so sad. You never forget your mama though.
user1: In the end though, he realizes Tuohy family is his family
user2: After making sure that he gets better grades and gets into college, it makes sense that he sees the people who did so much for him as family.
user2: And I liked that he literally fought people involved in his past to protect his (new) family, too.
user2: What did you think of the ratings for this movie?
user1: I'm surprised they aren't higher, actually.
user1: 69% seems low.
user1: Don't you think?
user2: I think maybe the story seems a little strange to critics, though I believe all the actors did a great job. I think it could have been scored higher if they thought about the actors more.
user2: Thanks for chatting!

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: hello. 

conversation:
user1: Hello, happy Friday!
user2: Hello! Happy Friday to you also!  Have you seen or heard of the movie, the Blindside?
user1: Oh I have heard of it, seen it some time ago though so bit foggy on it at moment!
user1: Is that the one with Sandra Bullock? not sure if thats how you spell her last name, hope didn't butcher it too bad.
user2: It really is a great movie whether or not you like sports.
user1: yeah, I'm not crazy about sports so as long as a movie has another purpose or storyline other than sports I am normally happy. 
user2: It really is a great movie whether or not you like sports.It stars Sandra Bullock and Tim McGraw.
user1: how are the ratings for it? 
user1: hello? are you still there?

conversation:
user2: Hello there
user2: Have you seen The Blind Side?
user1: Hello 
user1: Yes, I have. Have you seen it?
user2: No I haven't. But it seems like it has many positive reviews.
user2: It seems like it's a biographical sports drama film.
user1: It has. Sandra Bullocks performance in the movie was great. 
user1: Yes. It came out in 2009 and was the director was John Lee Hancock.
user2: Nice. It has Ti McGraw in it too apparently.
user1: It does. It also has Lily Colins in it too.
user2: Yeah she plays Collins Tuohy
user2: Oh I didn't know it was based on a book.
user1: Yes it was. The book was also called The Blind Side. Evolution of a Game
user1: It was by Michael Lewis
user2: And Michael Lewis is also the main character "Big Mike" right?
user1: It features Michael Oher, an offensive lineman who was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens of the NFL
user2: Oh so they're not the same. Ok. At least the reviews are decent.
user1: No, Quinton Aaron played big Mike in the movie
user2: Ah ok. It's sad about Michael's background though. He was placed in foster care and would run away each time.
user1: Yes it is. The father of whose couch Michael had been sleeping asks Burt Colten , the coach at Wingate Christian school gets him admitted despite his poor academic record. 
user2: Yeah it's cool what the Tuohy's do for him. Like Leigh Anne telling him he must protect he quarterback as a lineman, but in ordxer to do so, he has to maintain the minimum gpa
user1: Yes, and they hire a private tutor for him 
user1: She was outspoken and kind, she was Miss Sue.
user2: Yep. It seems like things worked out for him. I'm glad the decided to adopt him and save him from his impoverished upbringing.
user1: Well, Michael ran away before one of his interviews were over and confronts Leigh Anne about her motives for taking him in
user2: Yeah and after that, he goes on to try to find his biological mother in Hurt Village.
user1: Yeah, but unfortunately a gang leader welcomes him back and makes some sexually offensive insinuations  towards Leigh Ann and Colins. 
user2: But how cool is it that when the gang leader threatens to go after him, Michael actually battles him and the other thugs. 
user1: It was. After that, it was nice that he thought things over and after questioning Leigh Anne. Michael told Granger that he chose Ole Miss because it's where his family goes.
user2: Yep. And in the end, it's so sweet when he is finally accepted into college and says his farewells to the Tuohy family.
user1: Yeah, that was sweet. 
user2: Overall it seems like a decent movie. It has good morals and the ratings on RottenTomatoes ans Metacritic Score both seem solid.
user1: Very true and with the cinema score rating being an A+. You cant go wrong watching this movie. 
user2: Nope I think it's worth checking up. I wonder if it still holds up today seeing that it was made back in 2009. 
user2: *out
user1: I would think that it does. With the moral of the story I dont see how it couldnt
user2: True I also like how he's drafted by the Baltimore Raven. He's even a first round pick.
user2: Well I think that's all the articles we're getting. It was nice talking to you!
user1: It was nice talking to you also. 
user2: Goodbye.
user1: Goodbye.

conversation:
user2: Hi!
user2: Have you seen the movie The Blind Side?
user1: I have seen the movie and absolutely love it! It reminds me of the basketball movie with Gene Hackman.
user1: It was called Hoosiers
user1: The fact that it was a true story impressed me.
user1: What did you think of it?
user2: I thought it was pretty good.
user2: It was interesting that it received moderately positive reviews.
user2: I was expecting a better turn out review-wise.
user2: Did you like Sandra Bullock before this?
user2: Are you there?
user2: It was interesting that people thought the movie might be too 'pat'
user2: I can't believe the movie came out in 2009. So long ago!
user2: I really liked the directing of John Lee Hancock
user2: Rotten Tomatoes only gave it a 69% rating

conversation:
user1: Hello have you seen The Blind Side
user2: I have seen the movie
user2: But it has been a few years
user1: Yea it came out in 2009
user1: Would you ever rewatch it?
user2: I recall I liked it, but was surprised by the Rotten tomatoes score of 69
user2: I have got bits and pieces of network TV
user2: You?
user1: I actually never seen it but I have heard of some of the big names in the cast
user2: It was odd to see Tim McGraw as an actor.  I'm used to seeing him as a singer
user1: Yes seen his name on the list and thought I knew it from music too
user1: So did you like the plot of a woman taking in a foster child that becomes a football player?
user2: Actually, Lily Collins who played Collins Tuohy is the daughter of Phil Collins. 
user2: It was uplifting and a little cheesy all at the same time but it was a good movie
user1: I feel that most Sandra Bullock movies are cheesy at times
user2: Totally agree!
user2: The movie did show alot about high school football recruitment and what a huge business it is
user1: I see it got a CinemaScore of A+ which is much better than the rotten tomatoes score
user1: I agree that sports i just a business in the recruiters eyes
user2: The scores/reviews are kind of all over.  I thought when it came out it was hailed by critics
user1: It probably was a good movie to people who liked the idea of taking in a child, but not as good to people who wanted to see a hollywood made movie
user2: Very true.  It may be one of those cases where the book was better!
user1: Most book versions of stories like this are typically better. 
user1: Books are good for telling the story, while movies add the effects and visuals that are needed
user2: The movie also just stopped after he was accepted to college.  They didn't really get into college or the NFL.  They did the summary about each character at the end
user1: That seems like a common method when the movie budget is not big enough to finish it out
user2: The paragraph in the document says he said farewell to the family.  They actually adopted him.  Odd wording
user1: That is an odd  way to word that, kind of complicates it for no reason

conversation:
user1: Good afternoon. 
user2: hey
user2: thinking of seeing a film tonight?
user1: I am.  Do you have a suggestion? 
user2: Well are you interesting in family, sports dramas?
user1: Sports drama could be fun tonight.  We need something to take our minds off of the busy week.
user2: I think the Blind Side would be a good one
user1: What's it about? 
user2: it will take your mind of of things, as well as but faith back in people
user1: That sounds like something I need after the week I have had. 
user1: Will it make me cry?
user2: its a true story about a women who basically takes in a kid from the inner city
user2: he plays football
user2: and thigns good very good for him, but of couse there are time s when you eill cry
user1: Oooh! I love football movies.  And a true story? How many kids does she take in?
user2: she has two kids, one in hig school  then one younger
user2: then the black kid she takes in becomes apart of this family
user1: Oh wow.  Do the kids get along? We did foster care and it was a nightmare with a 2 year old and 14 year old
user2: and its a total white southern family
user2: the kids love him
user2: its all about love
user2: its more about him trying to be better in school
user1: Oh that's awesome! I am from the south and there is some discrimination still. I love happy endings. 
user2: and the mom fighting for him to get better tin that aspact so he can play football
user2: its a very happy ending
user2: its a true story so you can even look up all he has done
user1: Oh. I'm surprised they just wouldn't let him play. I wonder how accurate the football playing and grades are.  Has anyone come out and said it's wrong? 
user2: oh no its all true, he was having a hard time because he is dyslexic 
user2: and he ws from a place where grades didnt matter, just playing football
user1: Oh okay.  So is the mom a teacher? 
user2: but not that he is in a better school, they care and he needs to be better so he can get in to college  and play
user2: no not a teacher, jsut lover of football and a good person
user1: Does it tell you if he gets in college? 
user2: sandra bulic won the oscar for it
user2: he does
user1: Oh wow. So she must have done some good acting.
user2: hes also went to the super bowl a few times
user1: Do they donate any of the money the film made to a cause?
user1: Any teams I may have heard of for the superbowl? 
user2: oh yeah, so many
user2: its a great story
user1: That is great. Good talking to you
user2: yea  a few check it out
user2: byt for now

conversation:
user1: Hi we are talking about the blind side today 
user2: hello
user2: sure
user2: have you watch this movie
user1: This is a sports drama 
user1: Yes I have it was made in 2009 so a long time ago 
user2: the story of , a homeless black teen
user2: November 17, 2009
user2: yes almost 9 years pass
user2: the story of The story of Michael Oher, a homeless and traumatized boy who became an All American football player and first round NFL draft pick with the help of a caring woman and her family
user1: Rotten tomatoes gave it 69 percent 
user1: Quintana Aaron plays big mike 
user2: do you like
user1: Everytime he gets placed in a new home he runs away 
user1: The story received a a I agree
user2: this is critique review
user2: Based on a book by journalist Michael Lewis chronicling the real Oher’s experiences, this film manages to inspire despite its broad-strokes approach to characterization
user1: Sandra Bullock plays the mom 
user1: Tim McGraw is Sean tuohy
user2:  Sean (Tim McGraw), her husband
user1: He goes to a Christian school
user2: The Tuohys eventually become Michael's legal guardians, transforming both his life and theirs
user2: quite interested story
user1: The Christian school is where he is recognized for football abilites
user1: The overall score was 63/100
user2: and then selected in All American football player and first round NFL 
user1: Lily Collins plays Collins touhy
user1: Michael runs away and looks for his mom in hurt village 
user2: the director John Lee Hancock did good job
user1: The reviews were overall positive 
user2: yes
user2:  people like that
user2: wuite new subject
user1: He was considered highly coveted for a  football player
user2: but it was accidentaly
user2: right 
user2: ok have nice day
user1: Michael questions me ann motives why she wanted him to stay with her 

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: HI
user1: lets talk about blind side
user2: yeah sure
user1: it has a averge metacritic scoe
user1: score
user2: i agree with you .. critics are the one who scores on criticism and get paid
user2: :-)
user1: yes 
user2: i tool Sandra Bullocks performance
user2: too
user2: did you?
user1: i think she was great
user1: micheal had a sad life
user2: i loved Big Mike's role
user2: too good
user2: sad life .. but the guy got lucky
user2: what a chance in life
user2: for big mike
user1: yes it's even better when i see him still playing football
user2: :-)
user2: moderately positive reviews from critics.... im surpised
user1: yes 
user2: Big Mike from such porr background rises to such great heights
user1: it was sad that they was being scared of him too
user2: :-) Michael is big. ... any one will get scared
user2: :-)
user1: lol well they got him a tutor for his grades
user2: and the tutor was good .... and big mike had attitude to fight in life
user1: yes it is a inspiring film
user2: very inspiring and i will see it again 
user1: yep
user2: the protective attitude of big mike was awesome ... dont u think?
user1: yes that was nice to see
user2: 98th percentile in protective instinct
user2: uuuf
user1: lol
user1: thanks for the convo
user1: bye
user2: bbye

conversation:
user1: Hello, we are talking about The Blind Side movie. 
user2: Yes, I just saw it and enjoyed it more than I thought I would. 
user1: Wow, great. 
user2: Did you like it?
user2: I was surprised that Tim McGraw played the husband.
user1: I have not seen it. 
user1: Really
user1: Do you generally watch movies with (good/bad) ratings? 
user2: I don't go by ratings too much. I like movies that are badly rated sometimes and vice versa.
user1: Oh ok
user2: If you get a chance, check out The Blind Side. It's worth seeing but I don't understand the best actress award for Bullock.
user1: Ok I will
user1: What other scene from the plot did you notice?
user2: When Michael was shuttered from home to home, it was really sad. I was touched by Quinton's performance.
user1: Wow
user2: I actually followed the real Michael Oher's after I heard about this movie. I hadn't seen it but it made me interested in him. He had a rough life before he met this family.
user1: Oh 
user1: The movie came out in 2009 I believe.
user2: He was very lucky to be befriended by Sean Jr. and his mother.
user2: Yes, it did.
user1: Ok
user1: It's American Biographical Sports drama
user2: Leigh Anne's friends were a bunch of self-centered jerks. They thought Michael was dangerous because he came from the wrong side of the tracks.
user2: Yes, it's a bio.
user1: I can imagine 
user1: Oh ok
user1: It received positive review though
user2: It had a happy ending and they become a real family. It's a feel-good story.
user2: It was a very good movie so the ratings should have been good. 
user2: Or the reviews, I should say.
user1: Yes
user1: It had a strong performance 
user1: That's some benefits 
user2: The Cinema Score was an A+ which is really high but Rotten Tomatoes has it only at 69%. Go figure, lol.
user1: Unbelievable 
user1: :)
user1: Overall the review was moderate. 
user1: Monderatly rated
user1: I guess this is the end of the chat. 

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hello, Have you see The Blind Side?
user1: what is the name of the movie?
user2: The Blind Side
user1: No I dont belive I have
user1: Who is in it?
user2: Sandra Bullock
user2: She is one of the main characters.
user1: what is some of the plot?
user2: It's a really good movie. It's about a guy who grows up in a rough situation, and eventually plays football professionally.
user2: He is adopted by a family who helps him to move forward and succeed.
user1: OK, so you enjoyed it?
user2: Yes, I've seen it a few times.
user1: who are some of the other actors
user2: Quinton Aaron is "Big Mike", MIchael Oher
user2: Tim McGraw is the father of the adoptive family
user1: ok, was it given good ratings?
user2: It got a 69% on Rotten Tomatoes and 6.1/10. Some people may have thought it was too "pat".
user1: ok
user2: Sandra Bullock was considered to have a good performance
user1: I see
user2: The guy's mom is a drug addict so he has been in foster care, and was struggling in school. 
user2: However, it turns out that he is really intelligent just hasn't had any support.
user1: wow that sounds rough
user2: So, Sandra Bullock
user2: character helps him to improve in school so that his grades are good enough to play football.
user2: Yeah, it's based on the book about Michael Oher who was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens.
user1: im surprised how much emphasis is placed on football in our culture. Do you like football? 
user2: I enjoy it.  How about yourself?
user2: Do you watch movies related to sports?
user1: its hard to watch guys "bash their brains in" after learning how damaging it is to peoples brains
user1: Sometimes I thought moneyball was good
user2: Oh yes, I agree.  
user2: It's dangerous. I guess in this movie it's a nice story because it helps the main character get out of a tough situation.
user1: was their any funny parts in the movie?
user2: It's been a while since I saw it, but it's more inspirational, the story.
user1: I see
user2: Sandra Bullock's character goes through a lot to adopt him. Her friends question her and people from his neighborhood also question her motives.
user1: ok
user1: I think we are at the end, Have a nice day.
user2: Great. You too!

conversation:
user1: You should not watch this movie.
user1: The blind side
user2: why not?
user2: what is it about?
user1: It has a 53/100 metacritic and a 6.1/10 average on rotten tomatoes
user2:  but what is it about?
user1: it is a biographical sports drama about michael oher from the baltimore ravens.
user2: why didnt you like it?
user1: It has sanda bullock and it is definitely not her best performance. She was mediocre at best.
user1: The delivery on the story is not the best. It follows oher's upbringing and leads to his draft in the nfl
user2: What is his upbringing like?

conversation:
user1: Hey!
user2: Hello there. How did you like The Blind Side?
user1: I'm  not sure that I've seen it. 
user1: Have you?
user2: I see, I have. It was rather enjoyable, though not an objectively excellent movie. It's a sports film, and is based on a book. How does that sound to you?
user1: Well, I'm not into sports or reading. lol
user1: So, pretty boring! Ha
user1: I do like Tim McGraw, I see he was in it
user2: That's unfortunate. It has strong source material from a book, however. Does football interest you? The film covers the story of an offensive lineman and touches on details like his past, which was wrought with adversity.
user1: I do like football. 
user2: That is good to hear, the film also covers the time Michael Oher, the protagonist, spends at a Christian School. It is a Drama, and the conflict takes place both at school and on the field.

conversation:
user1: What did you think of Sandra Bullock in this film?
user2: I think she played an important roll as the mother. She was the one who really wanted to take "Big Mike" in and really showed compassion towards him despite his upbringing. 
user1: I agree! It really shows how even people that don't have a lot can still be successful. 
user2: That's true! You should never judge someone by their appearance because you never know what they are going through or if they need help. Sandra's character was also very strong. Taking in someone who you barely know would be difficult to do. I know that "Big Mike" was also scared to let others in. How do you think trust was built between the two characters?

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user1: How are you today?
user2: Hello! Have you seen this movie?
user1: Yes, I have!
user2: I am fine. Thank you. How are you?
user1: good thanks for asking! Have you seen this film?
user2: Yeah I've seen it too but I saw it in theaters which was almost 10 years ago so I don't remember it much
user2: I just remember thinking that it was going to be better. I didn't like it as much as I thought I would
user2: But I love Sandra Bullock
user1: It's been over five years for me as well, however, I remember it was ok
user2: I'm a big fan of sports films
user1: I like her too, it was unusual that she was in something other than typical romantic comedy!
user2: And I enjoyed that it was based on a true story
user1: that was a good part of the movie: a true story of a rising sports star
user2: yes she usually isn't in anything serious so this was a good change for her
user1: and it was emotional too, in a way that she gave this orphaned boy a chance to do soemthing great in life!
user2: I didn't really like the actor that played Big Mike though
user1: which actor was that?
user2: yeah I enjoyed that she really cared for this boy to have a better life
user2: I don't think he's anyone too famous. I just remember the actor not being very good for this role
user1: Oh, I see, Quinton Aaron
user1: yes, I don't recall him too well
user1: Tim McGraw was pretty good though 
user1: he is not really an actor but did well
user2: I liked how Sandr Bullock's character didn't care what other people thought of her taking in this troubled kid in order to help him
user2: Oh yeah I forgot he was in this movie too
user2: I think he was the husband
user1: yes, she typically plays light-headed fools, but in this one she was very strong-willed and determined!
user1: yes, he was
user2: its sad that Big Mike didn't think Leigh Anne had good intentions for taking him in. He probably never experienced true care before since his mother was addicted to drugs
user1: He was emotionally damaged and never got that motherly love to understand
user2: and before of her, he got into college which definitely changed his life for the better
user1: what it is like to care
user1: Yes, bless people like that, who give unfortunate kids a chance to rise!
user2: because of her**
user2: yeah we need more people like that!
user2: I think I should rewatch this film. Maybe I would like it better now that I'm older
user1: Yes, me too, I think I'll watch it again, it's been too long!

conversation:
user2: Hello there.
user1: Hello
user2: Have you ever seen the movie the blindside?
user1: No, I haven't seen it.
user1: I know that it's based on a book of the same name, and I know the basic gist of the movie.
user1: The player it's about, Michael Oher, played for the NFL team I root for.
user2: You should really check it out, it came out back into thousand nine, it is a true story about Michael OHer and how he became an NFL player.
user2: So you are a ravens fan...
user1: yes
user2: I am surprised at the level of reviews here, because I thought it was a great movie.
user1: I heard that Sandra Bullock was good.  It just never interested me too much because I knew the whole story behind it already.
user2: Yes, she was. Then again, she's usually pretty good.
user1: I agree
user2: That's pretty cool how it says they took him in and adopted him into their family. I would like to think that I would do that if the opportunity arose.
user2: Are you still with me?
user1: Yes.  I a'm here
user2: From the synopsis it looks like a great inspirational story.
user1: It's definitely a heartwarming story.
user2: I might have to rent it tonight.
user1: I wish I had more time to watch movies at night, but life is too busy right now
user2: Looks like we have some more information to discuss. As I read it I remember that he was homeless, and went from a different foster care families, and then ended up being taken in by that great family.
user2: I wonder how much of synopsis number to happened in real life? With their friends questioning their decision to take him in.
user1: Not sure.  But I think the film is pretty true to the book.
user2: I haven't ever read the book, I'll have to check it out.
user2: I have heard that the real people have said that this movie is only loosely based on the whole story. I wonder how much of the synopsis is really happened.
user1: Not sure.  Again, it never interested me that much to watch it because I already knew the background.
user2: Now we have another pair of the document.
user2: Sorry, that is supposed to say part.
user2: It is interesting how in synopsis number three he starts to question the motives of these people that are trying to help him out.
user1: How so?
user2: They have taken him in, and then he confronts her about why she wants him, did he returns to his old neighborhood where he's almost sucked back into a gang. I find that interesting.
user1: I never knew that part about the story
user2: Yes, but again, I wonder how accurate that part is.
user1: got it
user2: Thanks for the chat, have a good day.

conversation:
user2: HELLO
user1: Hi
user1: Do you like sports movies
user2: DO YOU KNOW ABOUT BLIND SIDE.
user2: NO
user1: Well you really should watch the Blind Side.  It has a sports element to it, but its more about the people
user2: NO
user1: Do you care about what critics have to say about movies?
user2: YES
user1: This one has a decent review at 70%
user2: YES SEE
user1: This kid is in foster care and moves from family to family because he runs away
user2: YES REMEMBER THIS
user1: Sandra Bullock gives a really great performance in this one and is worth the watch because of her.
user2: YES
user1: The movie is based on the real life story of a pro football player.
user2: I WILL
user1: He has a tough time adjusting to life with the new foster family and everyone thinks he is no good, but Sandra's character believes in him.
user2: SOUND LIKE A GOOD MOVIES.
user1: It really, Bullock is the only big name in it, but like I said her performance is very good.
user2: I LIKE SANDRA  BULLOCK
user2: SHE IS VERY GOOD.
user1: I agree.  She is good at bringing the family together to support someone that is having a tough go in life and its really what everyone wants in a family
user2: YOU SAID IT ALL.
user1: One really good scene sandra's character is confronted my michael about why she has taken him it
user1: its really brings my previous point out
user2: YES SHE IS. THEY ALSO HAVE TIM MCGRAW
user1: That is true he is the film as well
user1: He is Sandra's characters husband
user2: HAVE YOU SEEN STRONG COUNTRY  
user2: WITH TIM MC GRAW 

conversation:
user2: Hello?
user1: Hi!
user1: Have you seen The Blind Side before? If not, you should really watch it.
user2: Have you seen or heard of any good movies lately?
user2: The Blind Side? I haven't seen it yet.  Who is in it?
user1: The main character is played by Quinton Aaron. 
user2: I haven't heard of him... is this his first movie?
user1: He plays Micheal, and highschool football player that came from a hard childhood. 
user1: I'm not sure if he has been in anything else. 
user1: Anyway, he ends up getting adopted by this family, the mom Leigh Anne, is played by Sandra Bullock. 
user1: The father Sean, is played by Tim McGraw. 
user2: I was about to ask about any other actors and actresses I might know.
user1: Anyway, they adopt him, and he ends up playing football for a private school. 
user2: So, they adopt this kid and he plays football?  Does anything exciting happen? or is it a drama?
user1: It's more drama. He gets shuffled around in foster homes, and keeps running away. A friend's father ends up contacting the coach of the private school to see if they can get him in that school.
user2: That's cool, I like dramas.  What happens when he starts playing football?
user1: He makes friends with a kid (Leigh Anne and Sean's son). And they ended up adopting him. 
user1: He was really good and became one of the most coveted prospects in college football. 
user1: It's a true story. 
user2: Does his family not care about him or did they day?
user1: He ended up being drafted by the Ravens. 
user1: I'm not sure what happened to his biological parents. 
user2: Is all of that in the movie, or does the movie end with just backstory from childhood?
user1: I think his bio mom was a drug addict, and he got taken from her when he was 7 and doesn't know where she ended up.
user1: All of it is in the movie. 
user1: Anyway, Micheal struggled in school, and to play football he had to keep his gpa a certain level.
user2: Did the adopted mom and dad help or the little kid he made friends with?
user1: So he ended up getting a tutor and was able to do good enough in school.
user2: Was there any issues with the high school coach or tutor that added to the drama?
user1: It didn't score super high with Rotten Tomatoes surprisingly.
user1: Micheal grows suspicious wondering why they really adopted him. 
user2: Rotten Tomatoes doesn't always get it right.  Did any of the other reviewers or sites do it justice?
user1: He ends up looking for his bio mom. 
user2: hmmmm, is that why he runs away?
user1: Yes, but he ends up realizing the are his real family an goes back. 
user1: they*.... as in Leigh Anne and Sean
user1: Metacritic only gave it 53/100 but CinmaScore gave it an A+
user2: Is the realization caused by anything?  Does he find his mom or old friends or a brother and realize he doesn't belong anymore?
user2: A+ sounds good

conversation:
user2: hello!
user1: Hello
user2: what was the movie about
user1: name of movie
user1: The name of my movie is The Blind Side

conversation:
user1: Hello! 
user2: Hello
user2: I am a  big sucker for biographic movies and this movie is probably one of my favorites.
user1: What's the name of the movie?
user2: The Blind Side
user1: Oh yeah. What did you like about it?
user2: This movie based on the 2006 book, The Blind Side, is a sports tear-jerker. An African-American boy lives with his siblings and Mom who is a drug addict. When he was little he and his siblings were eventually taken away from her and separated. The boy's name is Michael or 'Big Mike' as everyone calls him. Because well as he grows up he's a big kid.
user2: Big Mike pretty much raises himself with no help at all and sleeping on friends couches. In high school he has one set of clothes which he washes everynight. He attends school but pretty much does not have have the support to do well in school but it gave him a break from being alone.
user2: He could have given up at any time or worse turned to crime or drugs like his Mother. Big Mike is played by Quinton Aaron who portrayed him very well. 
user1: Wow that sounds really interesting!
user1: So what is your favorite part?

conversation:
user2: I thought Sandra Bullock was great in this movie.
user1: I really thought that this movie had a great cast in it.
user2: Do you agree with the ratings of the movie?
user1: No I think the ratings should have been a little higher. What about you?
user2: I agree. But I'm not sure it deserves the A+ CinemaScore.
user1: Do you think the movie was "too pat"?
user2: To be honest, I'm not sure what "too pat" means
user1: I agree with you in the cinema score but therotton tomatoes could have been a little higher.
user1: I'm not too sure what that meant either to be honest.
user2: Ha oh well. I don't like that there are numbers for references that aren't listed. 
user1: I never knew the movie was based on a book.
user2: I didn't know that either. 
user2: What did you think of the first key scene?
user1: It was a  good description in a nutshell could have put in a few more keypoints 
user2: I agree. Seems like a lot of plot and more than one scene
user2: I think it should include more details about how Big Mike gets into school without a good academic record
user2: I thought that could be interpreted in a negative light
user1: That would be good or at the beginning of the movie where he was practically homeless.
user2: I agree
user1: Yes that could have because they left out the part of him bouncing from school to school and no one caring.
user2: It seems odd that its portrayed that Big Mike never helps himself and *needs* the charity of white rich people
user2: Like, he can't figure out how to play football on his own, but Sandra Bullock's character needs to trick him into using his strengths
user1: I agree
user1: What did you think about the second key note
user2: I thought it was descriptive and tells the story with enough details and implicit emotion
user2: What did you think? 
user2: (and also about the third)
user2: They don't say who Granger is, but I believe it is the gang leader
user2: Seems like an interesting turning point in the movie
user1: Thegave good details that kinds of paint a picture of mike becoming apart of the family and his football  career.
user2: I agree
user2: I think the scores are probably lower because the storyline is similar to other sports/racial tension movies
user1: For the third keyscene they could have added where Sandra Bullock went to the gang leaders house.4
user2: Oh agreed
user2: That would add interest
user2: Do you like watching this type of movie? 
user1: Could be in my opinion it was a touching movie . I like some but it has to be about someone that I'm interested in or has a good meaning to it.
user1: My computer is lagging.
user2: No problem. 
user2: I agree! Good talking with you
user1: You too.

conversation:
user2: hey
user1: hi
user2: the movie is the blind side
user2: it got a 69% on RT

conversation:
user2: The name of the movie is The Blind Side
user1: I really want to see this movie, I heard great things abou tit
user1: It stars Sandra Bullock
user2: That sounds good I like her
user1: Me too, she's so good
user1: It was about football
user2: One of the characters Big Mike sounds like a football player too.
user1: Yes he does
user1: It sounds like it got good reviews
user2: It was directed by John Lee Hancock.
user1: I don't know hi
user1: It was made in 2009
user2: Yeah I don't either.
user1: and was based on a book
user1: He was in foster care, the main character
user2: Big Mike was from Memphis
user2: His mother was on drugs
user1: He runs away from homes he's placed in
user1: That's so sad
user1: A nice man helped him
user2: He was not that good academically. 
user2: Leigh Ann tries to help him.
user1: Leigh Ann wants to be his gaurdian
user1: yes just read that
user1: that is super nice
user2: Yes it is
user2: He was ranked 98th in protective instincts. That is amazing.
user1: Yeah that really is
user1: He wants to know her motives
user1: Why she wants to take him in
user2: Leigh Ann's friends are worried that he will hurt her.
user1: I guess that's fair
user1: She doesn't know him and he's a big kid
user2: She fights for him anyway.
user1: Good for her
user1: He gets into college
user1: that's amazing
user2: Yes it is.
user2: He says goodbye to the family.
user2: That is a wonderful story.
user2: She was a great person
user1: It really is a great story
user1: and yes, she is a saint
user1: it's based on a true story right?
user2: Very inspiring.
user2: Yes it is
user1: Indeed
user1: I'm glad people like that exist
user2: Me too
user1: it gives me a little hope for the world
user2: Doesn't seem to happen very often
user1: no especially these days
user1: or maybe the news is just overrun with the sad and difficult things
user2: That is true too!
user2: Seems like Rotten Tomatoes would have given it a better rating.
user1: yeah i'm surprised by that
user2: Yet it got an A+ by CinemaScore
user2: I like just about all of Sandra's movies
user1: Me too, she's the best
user1: should we finish the conversation?
user1: or does it end on it's own at some point
user2: Not yet. One more minute.
user1: ok thanks
user2: I think it said 15 minutes
user1: i think you are right
user1: Do you like sports movies in general?
user2: Yes for the most part.
user1: Me too
user1: though I don't watch sports on tv
user2: Me either.
user2: Ok we should be able to finish now. Nice talking to you.
user1: You too!
user1: thanks

conversation:
user1: Hello 
user2: Hello
user1: I liked  how this movie played on a  story about an underpriviliged football player
user2: I agree. I liked how they showed an underprivledged kid rising above his circumstances. 
user1: I think its an important story to talk about 
user2: Very much so. 
user2: Sandra Bullock played her role well!
user1: yeah she did 
user2: It's surprising that it only received moderately positive reviews

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: HI -- have you ever seen the movie The Blind Side? 
user1: Yes, I did a long time ago.
user1: I remember liking it
user1: Sandra Bullock even got best Actress if I recall correctly.
user2: It's one of those movies I like to watch when it comes on again on Netflix.  Did you realize it is actually a true story?  
user1: Yes, I think of the movie whenever I used to see that player in the NFL
user1: Michael Oher or something?
user1: Used to play on the Ravens and Panthers I think
user1: Not sure if he's still in the league.
user2: Yes, that's right.  I am always rooting for him when I see him now. And, I don't know for sure about Sandra Bullock getting the Oscar, she might have -- I do know she got great reviews.  The other actor I loved in it was Tim McGraw.  I know him only as a singer -- had no idea he could act!
user1: Oh yeah, now I remember him! Not a big fan of country music, but I do know who he is though. 
user1: I loved how the end credits show the actual family. I still remember that as well.
user2: It's always surprising to see how movies get reviewed.  The review site Cinema Score gave the film an A+, but MetaCritic only gave it a 53/100. 
user2: Oh yeah, I remember that about the actual family -- very cool
user2: Did you know that Phil Collins's daughter Lily was in the movie too? She was pretty good, she played the sister.
user1: No I did not know that. Must be nice being in the entertainment business and being able to pull some strings.
user1: I would say that a 53 is too low for this movie. Were those scores comprised by critics or fans?
user1: I may actually watch it again though since I hadn't thought of this movie in some time!
user1: Thanks for letting me know that it's on Netflix.
user2: I think MetaCritic is done by critics.  Rotten Tomatoes only gave it a 69%, that kind of surprised me too.  
user2: What were some of your favorite scenes in the movie?
user1: Well I guess it shows that even critics can be off :)
user1: Well, I remember a scene about gratitude where Bullock's character picks up Michael from the side of the road.
user1: There was also a funny scene where Bullock walks onto the football field to explain the game to Michael.
user1: How about you?
user2: Oh yes, that was a good scene.  She was so great as a mom - I remember her saying, "Get in the car, Michael!" He had been bounced around to all these different foster homes and couldn't believe she was going to look after him.
user2: I would say one of my favorite scenes was when she took him shopping for clothes. 
user2: And also when she was at lunch with her friends, and they were being snobby about Michael and she shut them down.
user1: Oh yeah I remember that snobby scene, I agree with you that was a good one.
user1: Also the one at Thanksgiving where they eat at the table as a family, which you know isn't what they would normally do.
user2: Yeah, that was good. And remember he wasn't that good at football at first because he was reluctant to use his full size and strength?  And she told him his whole job was to protect his quarterback, and something clicked for him.
user1: That was great! Yeah, seemed like those words really resonated with him. 
user1: Maybe he envisioned protecting those he cares about.
user2: It was just such an interesting insight into what some kids are up against, and how easy it would be for talent like that to just get lost in the shuffle if it weren't for just one adult taking an interest. 
user1: Definitely, and how about the kids whose talent falls outside of a physical sport and wouldnt be so obvious to see.
user1: We could definitely have more capable minded kids out there in bad situations than those who were born into better ones.
user2: Yes, totally. This is why I liked watching the movie with my sons, because I want to remind them that there are tons of talented kids out there who aren't as lucky as they are!  Wasn't there also something about going to Ole MIss and they wanted him to go to school in Texas?  
user1: That sounds vaugely familiar
user1: I dont quite recall what became of that conflict.
user2: I might have that mixed up.  I seem to think there was some controversy about where he was going to play football. I guess it was just that he was getting pulled in a few different directions.
user1: I think you're right.. that does sound familiar. I just dont remember. It's been a while..
user2: Well anyway, I hope you will look it up on Netflix and enjoy it again.  It's a great movie to watch with family around.
user2: Take care.

conversation:
user2: Hello!]
user1: Hi
user1: Have you seen the movie?
user2: Yes, I just watched it.
user2: Big Mike sure had a rough childhood.
user1: I have never watched it. Will you please explain the plot?
user1: It doesn't seem to explain the plot to the lef.
user1: left*
user2: Sure.  The movie is about a boy that is adopted.
user1: Then,he becomes a good football player?
user2: He is a promising football player and his new adopted parents send him to Briarcrest Christian School where he plays football.
user2: He was brought up in foster care in Memphis.
user1: Is he a quarterback?
user2: He is an offensive lineman.
user2: He had poor grades but his coach managed to get him into the Christian school.
user2: Are you following me on this?
user1: How does Sandra Bullock come in?  
user1: Yes, I am following you.
user1: I'm asking questions to help this go quicker.  
user2: She is the mother of one of Big Mike's friends, a younger student.
user2: Got you.
user1: Did you enjoy the film?
user2: Yes, Sandra Bullock was great.
user2: She got him to start playing better when she told Big Mike to protect his quarterback.
user1: I generally like her in everything-except that one movie with Melissa McCarthy (who I also usually like)
user1: I see.  When does the movie end?  Draft night?
user2: Well in this movie, she hired a tutor for the boy to bring up his grades so he could get into college.
user1: His grades mattered?  I thought it was all about football
user2: Big Mike left and then when the gang members were going to hurt Sandra Bullock he fought them.
user1: Does he win the fight?
user2: Yes, and he ends up getting accepted into Old Miss to play football.
user2: The movie ends with him saying his goodbyes to his adopted family as he leaves for college.
user1: I see.  Is it based on a true story
user2: Yes, it is based on a true story, 
user1: Thanks for talking with me, we can go now, I see based on the bottom.  I'm glad one of us saw the movie.  

conversation:
user1: Hi! What movie will we be discussing today?
user2: The Blind Side 
user2: This movie came out in 2009 and was directed by John Lee Jancock. 
user1: I have never actually watched it start to finish! I have caught bits of it on TV, but that is it.
user1: Did it receive good ratings?
user2: Actually that was a typo it was directed by John Lee Hancock
user2: Rotten tomatoes gave it s 6.1 out of 10 rating
user1: Wow... 2009. It does not seem like it has really been out for that long.
user1: Ohhhh... I always trust the Rotten Tomatoes scores. That's not too good!
user2: I know it seems like it is newer. The film received moderately positive reviews and Sandra Bullock who is great was praised for her role. 
user1: Can you tell me a little bit about the movie? 
user1: I have always like Sandra Bullock :)
user1: liked*
user2: It is based on a true story about the NFL football player Michael "Big MIke" Oher's high school experience and college recruitment to NFL career. He was from an impoverished home and was adopted by Sean and Leigh Ann Tuohy who were able to send him to a private christian school where he struggled academically but excelled in football. 
user1: That sounds like an interesting storyline. I remember it getting quite a bit of attention when it first came out.
user2: This gave him an advantage and he was able to attend college and was a first round pick of the Ravens NFL team
user1: It is based on a true story, right?
user1: Wow, that is amazing.
user1: He truly came from humble beginnings!
user2: Yes it is based on a true story and very uplifting movie. 
user2: I know you weren't convinced by the rotten tomatoes score, but Cinamascore review was an A+
user1: Was Mike older than the other kids in his high school??? I am just picturing the cast and I know he was much, much bigger than his classmates!
user1: Oh, that is pretty redeeming! 
user2: I'm not sure but based on laws I think he's have to be the similar in age to qualify to play sports.  
user1: Oh yes, you must be on to something. He must have been the same age!
user1: I know you said that he struggled academically - were his adoptive parents able to help him succeed in that area as well?
user2: He was definitely a big boy. It is interesting how in the movie his size doesn't mean he is mean or even violent. In the movie, he scores98% in protective instincts and is told to protect his teammates which really gets him to understand his role in the sport and as part of the team. 
user1: That is an interesting fact. His size makes him look very intimidating!!
user1: It sounds like football was definitely his calling and made him a better man because of it.
user2: Yes, he was like a big teddy bear. He came from a difficult past but was able to turn it into something great for his future. 
user1: That really is a very uplifting and inspiring story.
user2: It truely is, I think you'd like watching it. 
user2: It is a feel good type movie
user1: Well, you have definitely given me some great insight into the film and answered all of questions!
user2: Great!
user1: Well, I can definitely appreciate a feel good movie. Thanks for your insight. Have a great day!!

conversation:
user1: I agreed with most critics that Sandra Bullock had a praise-worthy performance in The Blind Side, how about you?
user2: Agreed! What do you like the most about the movie?
user1: I really enjoyed that the storyline revolved around Michael Oher. Do you know what team he played for when he made it to the NFL? I forgot.
user2: nope i don't remember either.  remember the scene where he says i have never one of these? and she asks room? and he goes? bed!
user2: intense it was
user2: had*
user2: oh Ravens! 
user1: Do you like Biographical Sports Dramas generally?
user1: Yes, that's correct, it was the Ravens that he played for. :)
user2: i like biographical movies in general. They don't have to be from about sports.
user2: How much would you rate the movie on scale on 1 to 10 ? 
user1: I'd probably rate it higher than the Rotten Tomatoes score. I think Quinton Aaron really connected with me in portraying the struggle that Michael Oher had to go through.
user1: Do you agree with the ratings that critics seemed to give it?
user2: nope i would give 5 stars! i could definitely see  myself doing what leigh Anne did, if i had that crazy money!
user1: Do you mean by adopting Michael into their family?
user2: yes! adopting him and helping him work on his academics to improve his grade.
user2: He performed rather poorly in classes 
user1: Oh absolutely, I think that was such a great thing of them to do. It's easy to see that he was troubled from being shuffled around in foster care so much!
user1: Do you think this helped foster his protective instincts?
user2: yeah! what do you think of the part where leigh gets really offended when his friends pass some relly offensive comment about big Mike?
user1: I don't remember any parts like that from the movie... There was a part that stood out to me when Leigh Ann has to hire Miss Sue to get Michael into the proper GPA category so he can go to college though!
user2: yes and he does fairly good. The friends part was when they were suggesting that collins might not be safe around big mike and she gets upset 
user1: Ah ok, I misunderstood. I think those were Leigh Ann's friends. Definitely goes to show her character and how it connected with Michael's protective instincts, don't you think?
user2: yes! that's probably also why despite mike running away from so many foster homes decided to settle down with her because of her character
user1: Did you feel like he was going to make bad decisions when he went back to find his biological mom in Hurt Village?
user2: yeah! for a moment. especially because he was misjudging the intentions of Leigh. I thought he would stay there and would't go back. but It was commendable of him to fight back the gang leader and trusting Leigh. 
user1: For sure, the gang leader should've thought twice! Did you think he made the right choice for where to go to School?
user2: or was it later? i'm confused! do you remember What was he so upset about ?
user1: Michael? Michael was upset because the gangleader was saying some pretty terrible things about LeighAnn and Collins
user1: The gang leader was probably upset because he got whooped :)
user2:  haha i guess so
user1: All in all, great movie! Good talking to you about it
user2: same here :) bye :) 

conversation:
user2: Hey there. This movie is called the Blind Side! And I think it is a great movie and think that you should most definitely see this movie!
user1: What genre is the Blind Side?
user2: It is an American biographical sports drama film that is written and directed by john Lee Hancock and it is based ont eh 2006 book, "The blind Side: Evolution of a Game" by Michael Lewis
user1: i
user1: I am a fan of biographically movies. What sport does this movie focus on?
user2: The Genre is Biographical, Sports, Drama
user2: It focuses on an offensive lineman who was drafted by the Baltimore Raves of the NFL
user1: What year does this movie take place in?
user2: It follows him from his impoverished upbringing, through his years at Wingate Christian School (a fictional representation of Briarcrest Christian school in Memphis, Tennessee) 
user2: It is 2009
user1: Do you think I would need to be a fan of sports to enjoy this movie?
user2: It received a cinematic score of A+
user1: Do you know if the movie has received any awards?
user2: No I dont believe that you would need to be a fa of sports in order to enjoy this movie. It talks about his upbringing and his adoption to his position as one of the most highly coveted prospects in college football. 
user2: fan*
user1: It seems to be very interesting.
user2: It states that the movie may strike some viewers as a little too pat, but the Blind Side has the benefit of strong source material and a strong performance by Sandra Bullock. 
user2: It is about Michael Oher
user2: well rather his story
user1: Do you know any other famous actors who are in this movie?
user2: Besides Bullock, some of the key players were:Quinton Aaron as Michael OherTim McGraw as Sean TuohyJae Head as Sean "S.J: Tuohy JrLily Collins as Collins Tuohy
user2: Some key scenes in the movie were when Leigh Anne's friends wonder what she is doing they suggest that Collins might not be safe around Michael, but Leigh Anne rebukes them. She later asks Collins how she feels about it. Collins replied that they cannot just throw Michael out.
user2: She learned that he was taken from his drug-addicted mother when he was seven and that no one knows her whereabouts. She is also told that although he scored poorly in career aptitude tests, he was ranked in the 98th percentile in "protective instincts". 
user2: So you think it would be worth a watch for you?
user2: Do*
user1: I am definitely interested in watching this movie.
user1: Do you feel like the relationship between Leigh and Michael is an important part of the story?
user2: I believe that you will enjoy it based on the information I have available!
user1: I hope so, but I am still curious about the question I previously mentioned.
user2: From the readings it appears that Leigh Anne is strong-minded and took on the responsibility expertly
user1: Is Leigh Anne a love interest to Michael?
user2: No, LeAnne is an interior designer and the wife of a wealthy busniessman
user1: So she acts more as a mentor to him?
user2: Yes.
user2: It was her son that brought Michael to the attention of his parents
user2: The sons name is Sean jr. )S.J) 
user1: Thank you for clarifying. Is there a major love interest for Michael in the movie?
user2: At some point during an interview Michael ran away and confronted Leigh Anne about her motives for taking him in
user1: Very interesting.
user2: He then proceeded to go about finding his biological mother in Hurt Village. There a gang leader welcomed Michael back and offered him a beer and makes some sexually offensive insinuations about Leigh Anne and Collins. When the gang leader threatens to go after them, michael battles with him and other thugs.
user1: Thank you for taking the time to explain the movie to me. I am definitely interested in watching it.
user2: After thinking things over and questioning Leigh Anne, Michael tells Granger, that he chose Ole Miss because , "Its where my family goes to school." Michael is accepted into college and says his farewells to the Touhy family
user2: No worries! Thank you for listening! 
user2: Have a great evening

conversation:
user1: What is the name of the movie?
user1: hello?
user2: Heloo
user2: The movie is called Blind Side
user2: It is an autobiographical movie based on the life of Michael Oher
user1: That sounds interesting, I think I heard of it before. Sports movie?
user1: Who is Michael Oher?
user1: When did the movie come out?
user1: Have you seen the movie before?
user2: He became one of the first round pick for the Ravens after overcoming an impoverished upbringing
user2: Do you like sports films, especially autobiographical ones?
user1: Ravens? That is football right?
user1: Yes I enjoy sports and autobiography movies very much. That is why this sounds interesting.
user2: Yes, NFL league. 
user1: Have you seen the movie?
user1: When was it released?
user1: Is this a tear jerker? Will it make me cry?
user2: It came out on 2009
user1: So not too old, but not brand new. Ok
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: It is almost guaranteed to make you cry.
user1: I kinda figured that much. How long is the movie?
user2: He has an unstable childhood, moving around foster homes because of his mother's drug addiction.
user1: That does sound like it will make me cry.
user1: Does he at least find stability in the end with his family?
user2: Yes, he is adopted by a wealthy family that takes care of him and supports him in his dream.
user1: This sounds like  great movie!
user1: Did it win any awards?
user2: Sandra Bullock delivers a strong performance as Leigh Anne, his adoptive mother.
user1: Love Sandra Bullock!
user1: Does he have siblings?
user2: It has a 69% score on Rotten Tomatoes and A+ on Cinema Score
user1: Not bad ratings at all!
user1: Would you recommend the movie?
user2: Yes, he has an adoptive brother named Sean Jr. Micheal befriended him and that's how he met the rest of the Touhy family, which ends up adopting him
user1: Is everyone the same race within the adoption?
user2: I would totally recommend this movie. It has great source material from the life of Michael Oher and great perfromances
user2: What do you find most interesting on movies?
user1: Sounds great! from what you have told me so far!

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: hi
user1: I have never seen the Blind Side have you?
user2: Sounds like a interesting movie
user2: no
user1: I really do like Sandra Bullock tho, so it should be pretty good.
user1: I did not know that Tim McGraw was in it
user2: She is an excellent actress
user2: me either
user1: I didn't realize he did any acting actually lol
user1: I  liked sandra in Miss Congenality
user2: I didn't realize either. Mike it seemed faced a lot of adversity
user1: Not very good rotten tomato scores and metacritics scores tho :( 
user2: Only one good score from CinemaScore A+
user1: Yeah, I wonder why such the big gap with them and the others
user1: I grew up in Baltimore- did not realize it was about a baltimore bzsed team either
user2: Yes, makes me wonder too. It seems the film is based on a book of the same name
user1: Yeah, i was just reading that. I had no idea lol
user2: True story too
user1: I may need to watch this movie- has some good actors, seems to be a good storyline and things im a little bit familiar with
user2: It seems Sandra Bullock got most of the praise and not the actor who plays the football player from the critical response
user1: Yeah, that is a bit wrong to me since HE was the main character and a story about him. 
user2: Yes, it does seems like a good movie worth watching
user1: I wonder if this is on netflix lol
user2: It could be.
user2: Him being a foster care child and becoming an NFL star seems like the American dream
user1: Yes, I agree! 
user1: he went from rock bottom to the top
user2: Inspiring indeed
user1: You have a good day! 
user2: He faced a lot of academic problems as well
user2: You have a good day too
user2: I will watch this movie

conversation:
user2: Hello, how are you today?
user1: Great. How are you doing
user2: Very good, thanks.
user1: That's good to hear.
user2: Have you seen the movie "The Blind Side"?
user1: I have not seen the movie.
user1: Is it good?
user2: It's great
user2: Especially if you like sports movies
user1: What is it about? 
user1: I'm always interested in seeing new movies
user2: but even if you don't, it is a great human nature film.
user1: I think sports films are pretty good. I'm not big into watching live sports on tv, but movies are good
user2: It's all based on a true story about NFL lineman Michael Oher
user2: Sandra Bullock is in it and gives a great perfomance. She shows that she can actually act.
user1: Is it a happy movie? 
user1: Also do you know how long it is?
user2: It's about her and her husband adopting a young man and them raising him while he plays high school football
user2: It's a very uplifting story
user1: That sounds good. I think I may remember having heard something about that movie. 
user2: I'm not sure how long it is but I'd guess 2 hours
user1: I think a friend said that they really liked it
user1: Nice
user1: Do you know if it won any awards?
user2: It's well worth your time. Just a very good movie
user1: Awesome. I will have to check it out. 
user1: Thanks for the reccomendation
user2: I don't think it won any awards but Sandra Bullock should have at least gotten a nomination
user1: I like her when she's in a movie that fits her talent well
user1: Sometimes though that doesn't always happen
user2: I agree, but thus role was perfect for her
user2: *this
user1: Thanks for the info and I hope you have an awesome day! Looking forward to checking out the movie!
user2: You too, have a good day.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi. Have you seen the movie, The Blind Side?
user2: No. What is it about?
user1: It is based off a book. It is about Michael Oher who played football for the Baltimore Ravens.
user2: I don't follow football. What's so special about his story?
user1: It's not really a football movie. It is his about him when he was younger. He came from an impoverished neighborhood and is taken in and adopted by a new family.
user2: Sounds interesting. Who is in it?
user1: Sandra Bullock and Tim McGraw play the part of the parents who take him in.
user2: Who plays him?
user1: He is played by Quinton Aaron. I don't know if he's been in anything else.
user2: What's it rated?
user1: Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 6.1 out of 10. Metacritic gave it 53/100 and CinemaScore gave it an A+.
user2: Sounds good. Is it in the theaters now?
user1: No, it is actually from 2009. I watch it every time it is on TV.
user2: PG13?
user1: I'm not sure.
user2: Okay for kids?
user1: I think so. There is some talk about drugs because of his mother's addiction. I think it has a really positive meaning though.
user2: Did it win any awards?
user1: I don't remember. The critics praised Sandra Bullock's performance though.
user2: I do like her. I don't think I've seen Tim McGraw in anything though.
user1: I don't know if I ever have either. Jae Head plays the little brother and Lily Collins plays the sister but I don't know if they have been in anything else either.
user1: It is directed by John Lee Hancock.
user2: Don't recognize those names either. Which is fine. If somebody says something is good I'l check it out no matter who is in it.
user1: It is one of those movies that if it is on I watch it. I think it is a great story. 
user2: How long is it?
user1: I would guess about 2 hours. 
user2: Do you watch a lot of movies?
user1: Sometimes. It really depends. What about you? What types of movies do you like?
user2: I pretty much like all kinds. True stories are some of my favorites though.
user1: I would definitely recommend The Blind Side then.
user2: I will definitely check it out. Not sure how I missed it.
user1: Enjoy!

conversation:
user2: Hi there, what's the name of the movie?
user1: Hello!   Have you seen the movie "The Blind Side" before?
user2: I've heard of the name but never watched it. What is it about?
user1: It's a movie about an American football player who was adopted by a family in his community.
user2: Is the football player playing in the NFL?
user1: I'd recommend you see it sometime, Sandra Bullock does a really good job in her role as Leigh Anne Touhy
user1: He's in highschool during the movie, but he goes on to play in the NFL 
user1: It's based on a true story, Michael Oher is the football player
user2: Is there a reason why she chooses to adopt him?
user2: what other characters play a role in the movie?
user1: He had a rough upbringing
user1: Tim MCGraw plays the father Sean, he does a good job as well
user2: What do the reviews say about the movie? Is it well received?
user1: It was pretty well received with Rotton Tomatoes giving it 69%  and Metacritic rating 53/100.  CinemaScare gives it an A+
user1: Mostly based on Sandra Bullocks performance, critics really liked her
user2: That is reassuring to hear 
user2: when was this movie released?
user1: Back in 2009, though it still seems very current
user2: Do you know what genre this movie belongs to?
user1: It would be considered a sports biographical drama since it is based on Michael Ohres true story.  
user1: It's particularly interesting as Sandra Bullock is a memember of a fairly affluent white family, and Michael grew up running away from foster care homes all of his life until he meets the Tuohy family.
user2: where does the movie take place? like what city is it in
user1: It is in Memphis, Tennessee
user2: Ah, so the movie deals with themes of race and wealth inequality?
user1: Yes, very much so.  There is a scene where Sandra Bullock's white wealthy friends ask her if she is concerned about having a large black man in the house with her young daughter.  Sandra becomes quite upset that her friends would think that way.
user2: The movie sounds interesting. I might give it a watch whenever I have free time 
user2: Thanks for providing these details 
user1: I'd recommend it, one of the better sports movies out there.
user1: Even if you don't like football, it's a good story about the human spirit
user1: and the power of family.
user2: Yes I agree. There must be a lot of character development I'm assuming

conversation:
user2: hi
user2: ??
user1: The movie is The Blind Side. It's about a boy from a rough upbringing that is adopted by a couple played by Tim McGraw & Sandra Bullock. 
user1: The movie is The Blind Side. It's about a boy from a rough upbringing that is adopted by a couple played by Tim McGraw & Sandra Bullock. 
user2: would you recommend it?
user1: The movie is The Blind Side. It's about a boy from a rough upbringing that is adopted by a couple played by Tim McGraw & Sandra Bullock. 
user2: has it won any awards?
user2: what genre is it?
user2: ??

conversation:
user2: hi, how are you today?
user1: Hey, good, and you?
user2: great, thanks for asking!
user1: Sweet. What's this movie called?
user2: have you seen this movie?
user2: The Blind side
user1: I have not
user1: what is it about?
user2:  with Sandra Bullock
user2: American biographical sports drama
user2: Sandra Bullock adopts an orphan
user1: What sports?
user2: NFL, Baltimore Ravens
user2:  Michael Oher
user1: who is the athlete portrayed in the film?
user2: Michael Oher
user2: its based on his upbringing
user2: he was an orphan and this lady gave him a chance in life
user1: does it have a happy ending?
user2: Yes, the adopted boy with problems blossoms into a reknown athelete 
user1: Any other well know actors other than Bullock?
user2: Tim McGraw plays her father, I believe
user2: Lily Collins
user2: Sandra Bullock was great in it
user1: did anyone give Michael oher a hard time?
user1: It sounds interesting. 
user1: I want to know more.
user2: yes, people thought she adopted him for personal gain
user2: but she did it out of love!
user2: so it's a very touching and emotional story-to see a child given a chance in life like that!
user2: It's a fairly old film but worth seeing!
user1: That is touching. I love to see films with happy themes.
user2: Good for kids or adults!
user1: when did it come out?
user2: 2009
user1: You would consider it a family film?
user1: is it a tear-jerker?
user2: definitely!
user2: Great for kids ages 10 and up I would say!
user1: Great.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello there. Have you seen the movie The Blind Side? 
user2: No I didn't. What is it about?
user1: The Blind Side is a great film, in my opinion. It is a film written and directed by John Lee Hancock and it is actually based on a book. The storyline features Michael Oher who is an offensive lineman who was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens of the NFL. This movie follows Michael from his impoverished upbringing through his years in school and his adoption by Seand and Leigh Anne Tuohy. 
user2: That sounds interesting. Do you know where can I see this movie?

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: Hi! What movie did you see or read about?
user1: Have you seen the Blind Side?
user2: No, what is it about?
user1: Its about football and a lineman in the NFL and shows his poor upbringing and his adoption by rich white people 
user2: Oh, the man is not white?
user1: He becomes one of the highest prospects in college football and eventually becomes a first round draft pick in the NFL
user1: No, he's black
user2: So a rags to riches story then?
user1: pretty much. quite touching though.
user2: And maybe with some racial undertones?
user1: based on the book so it's a true story
user2: Oh wow it’s a true story? That makes me much more likely to watch.
user1: yea it's pretty good. inspiring really.
user2: Did he get adopted as a baby
user1: mother was a drug addict and he went to foster care, kept running away
user1: he was adopted as a teenager in high school
user1: has a rotten tomatoes score of 69%
user2: Dang That IS a amazing
user2: Was he already playing football and the family wanted to help him or ride with him to fame
user2: Is rotten tomatoes from film ppl or actual audience?
user1: he was friends with their son in high school and they felt bad for him because he had no home and slept on the streets
user1: so they took him in and adopted him
user1: film critics
user2: That is very kind. Who plays in movie?
user1: Sandra Bullock is in it. Tim Mc Graw is in it too
user1: Quinton Aaron is the main character... "Big Mike"\
user2: Makes sense that critics would give it lower ratings since it sounds like a “feelings” moviie
user2: Is tim McGraw a country singer?
user1: yes he is
user1: does a good job acting in the movie though
user1: yes, for sure a feelings movie
user2: Neat. I luv it when musicians act and are good. Like ice t in law and order (a tv show)
user1: yea he's good in that show
user2: Would you recommend the movie for kids? Like 2nd grade?
user1: probably not. It has a "gangster" scene in it that may be inappropriate for kids
user2: Also did you have something to read because I didnt
user1: and drug inuendos and violence during that scene
user1: yes
user2: Ok well sounds like a good message

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hello! I am going to be talking to you about a movie called The Blind Side. The Blind Side is a biographical sports film based on a book about a football player names Michael Oher (played by Quinton Anton). The film features Sandra Bullock and Tim McGraw as adoptive parents Sean and Leigh Anne Tuohy.
user2: was it a good movie ?
user1: Overlal, the film received positive reviews, but critics praised Sandra Bullock's performance. Critics talked about how strong the source material and Sandra Bullock's performance were.Other actors include Jaw Head as Sean Tuohy Jr. and Lily Collins as Collins Tuohy. 
user2: isnt tim mcgraw a country music singer ?
user1: I believe so, but in this film he is one of the featured cast members. 
user2: who directed the movie 
user1: The director was John Lee Hancock.
user1: The film was released in 2009.
user2: did the movie have violence in it ?
user1: Key scenes mention that the main character is in the foster care system with different families in Memphis, Tennessee due to his mother's drug addiction. Additionally, the main character has a propensity for running away. No other violence is explicity noted.
user2: what role did Sandra bullock play ?
user1: Sandra Bullock played Leigh Anne Tuohy, the adoptive mother of the main character Michael Oher (played by Quinton Aaron)
user2: how much did the movie bring in at the box office ?
user1: I do not have the answer to that question.
user1: The movie did receive a CinemaScore of an A+.
user2: how did the movie make you feel
user1: I am unable to provide an answer to that question at this time.
user2: can you tell me any key parts of the movie /
user1: In general, the film was positively received, with an average Rotten Tomatoes rating of 6.1/10.
user1: Sure.
user2: is the movie a documentary ?
user1: Leigh Anne Tuohy, the adoptive mother of the main character Michael, had to track down the whereabouts of Michael's mother in order to become his legal guardian. She learned that no one knew the mother's whereabouts. She was also told that Michael scored high on "protective instincts", which she was able to use to encourage Michael in football. He was able to improve as an offensive lineman, well enough to play at the college level
user1: The movie is an American biographical sports drama film.
user2: was it based on a true story ?
user1: Yes, the movie is a biographical film so it is a true story. The storyline is also based on a book called the Blind Side: Evolution of a Game. 
user2: who else starred in the movie ?
user1: Quinton Aaron held the starring role of Michael "Big Mike" Oher. Sandra Bullock and Tim McGraw were Leigh Anne and Sean Tuohy, the adoptive parents of Michael. Jae Head and Lily Collins were Sean and Collins Tuohy.
user2: where was the movie filmed ?
user1: I do not know where the movie was filmed, but the story is set in Memphis, Tennessee.
user2: is the movie worth buying ?
user2: is the movie rated PG ??
user1: The film has received positive reviews and praise for both the writing and acting from a variety of sources. If you like biological dramas, this is a great film for you.
user1: I do not know the answer to that question.
user2: thanks ill check it out 

conversation:
user1: Hello, what do you think of The Blind Side?
user2: I have  actually seen The Blind Side a couple of times. I think its a pretty good story.
user1: Yeah, it's been a while for me but it's a good movie. Very touching. Sandra Bullock is fantastic
user1: I actually didn't know Tim McGraw played the dad.
user2: Yeah, shes really good in it. Very headstrong and forceful. Really gets into that role, kinda what you would expect from a sports mom type.
user1: Definitely. It's just such a wholesome and feel-good story. A poor kid gets adopted and goes on to be a professional football player. I didn't realize it was a book first before a movie. Maybe I'll have to give that a read.
user2: Yeah, Tim Mcgraw did play the dad in that film. I dont really follow him that closely but I know his face when I see him. Watching the movie, I knew he was famous but I couldn't put his name to his face.
user2: I also had no knowledge of the book. I agree its a feel good story. One that I wish we would hear about more often. The character Michael Oher represents thousands of kids across this country every day.
user1: I did the same thing! I don't listen to much country music but I knew I recognized his face from somewhere. Also the son, SJ in the movie was hysterical. I would've thought the movie had a bit higher ratings than just a 6/10. I remember it blowing up when it first came out.
user1: Oh definitely, Michael is the exception to the typical life a kid in his position would normally have. 
user2: Definitely, Michael's life and story are clear examples that even all the talent in the world cannot get you to achieve your max potential unless there are people around you who care and help you.
user1: It's all about who you know, not what you know necessarily. 
user2: To some degree I suppose. A mans talent will definitely make room for him. Will get him access and audiences where he/she otherwise would not be able to but it takes good sense and understanding stay on top and to navigate many pitfalls. Mike Tyson is a great example of  what im saying.
user1: For sure, but the struggle is much harder than having someone to prop you up every step of the way. Not every one is that lucky to have people to influence your position on your behalf. Hard work pays off though and hopefully prevails in the end.
user2: Absolutely, I dont remember much about Michael staying with a bunch of different foster families in Memphis!
user1: Such a sad situation. It was good of his friend's dad to try and get him in the school though. Glad they took a chance on him even though his academic record was poor. He was able to focus on football and let his talent shine.
user2: Yeah, his beginnings were really rough. Drug addictions violence. I had it good growing up compared to this scenario.
user2: I imagine allowing Michael into their home had to be a little intimidating at first because of his sheer size.
user2: It was awesome to see the mother address the younger daughter about her feelings on Michael staying with them. They both demonstrated compassion and faith over fear and distrust.
user1: I do admit it would be intimidating, but to jump to conclusions about his intentions like Leigh Anne's friends did was terrible. Michael, or at least how he was portrayed in the film, was so sweet and gentle. 
user2: True, he was portrayed as sweet and gently but when you dont really know someone like that, its scary bring them into your home. Sleeping around them and not really knowing.
user2: It did not surprise me when Leigh Annes friends responded the way they did. That's just part of the dynamic , especially in the south.
user1: Oh definitely. Getting the children actively involved in taking in someone so different from them is good for everyone. Not only to quell any fear or prejudice, but then to embrace Michael and a new perspective on life and learn from his experiences is awesome.
user2: But the movie does of good job of showing us that love is greater than the some of our fears and physical differences. 
user2: Great point about the kids. Having Michael their broke all sorts of stereotypes in their minds im sure.
user2: The greatest successes of this movie was Micheal overcoming his own fears and sense of self worth. 
user2: He used his physical strengths to be become both mentally and emotionally stronger. 
user1: Yeah, it's great exposure for all of them I'm sure. Even for Leigh Anne's snooty friends. It's such a shame that sort of prejudice is found in pretty much everyone. 
user2: Its so ingrained that its hard to root it out of our minds. 
user1: His transformation was incredible. The support of his new family and knowing that he didn't need to be afraid anymore allowed him to use his size to his advantage and become a football star. I'm sure he was probably self-conscious about that before. 
user1: It really shows how people can change for the better if given a chance.
user2: Absolutely. The movie does a great job of depicting his self conscience issues.
user2: yes it does.
user1: It would be hard not to be self-conscious in his situation. 

conversation:
user1: hi , how ae you
user2: HI, Im good, how are you/
user1: im ok 
user2: great. Have you seen the movie The Blind Side?
user1: have you wtach the blind side ?
user1: ha 
user1: im not sure ..
user2: LOL
user1: i cant remember
user2: It is such a good movie
user2: it is based on a true story
user1: i just started to remember
user1: but i ididnt watch the whole movie
user1: i know sandra bullock is there
user2: You should watch it. Sandra Bullock does a great job as the mom
user1: what is this movie about ?
user2: The whole story is sad and has a great happy ending. Its nice to know that there is still good people out there
user1: can u tell me briefly ?
user1: i havent heard about the director before ..
user1: i winder if its good..
user1: wonder*
user2: The movie is a black young man whose mother is a crack addict who gets accepted into a private school and a rich white family end up taking him in and giving him a good home/life and education
user1: he
user2: i dont know much about the director but its a good movie
user1: i like dramas
user1: i might try to watch it later tonight
user1: and has very good reviews 
user2: You should. I watch it if its on tv. It is just a feel good movie and sandra bullock  portraying the mom is a spitfire. she doesnt take no for an answer and she demands respect for him
user2: The reviews are good
user2: And Michael Orr became a professional football player
user2: you should definitely try and watch it all sometime
user1: oh he has been on foster care that alone makes me feel related to the story
user2: have you been in foster care yourself?
user1: yea , for a short period of time till i was adopted
user2: how old were you when you were adopted? My husband was in foster care for a few years because his dad was an abusive drunk
user1: newbon 
user1: my mom left me on the street
user2: oh thats horrible. Im so sorry to hear that. Thank goodness for your adopted family
user1: yea idk any blood relatives but now i have a son 
user1: so life is good
user2: thats great. Family isnt always about blood. its about who is there for you and loves you unconditionally. Kinda just like the movie. how old is your son?
user1: 2 
user1: and full of energy 
user2: fun age. i have 6 kids
user1: OMG 
user2: lol yep. 2 arent biologically mine but i have raised them since they were 2 and are now 13, identical twins
user1: i know blood means nothing but is important for humans to know about their history
user2: true. i have been working on ancestry finding out about my family and where we come from and the history. I just started on it buts definitely interesting
user1: oh that says a lot about u
user1: being a stepparent is probably really hard 
user1: hey i think we should talk about a bit of the movie
user1: wwe might get a rejection
user2: Oh yea probably so...lol it looks like we can finish the conversation now
user1: really ? 
user1: if u say so 
user1: ok well then , nice meeting u 
user2: yea it says on my page that we can. Nice meeting uyou too
user1: greetings from a peruvian , have a great day

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hi
user1: This movie is The Blind Side.  have you seen it?
user2: yes  i have seen it it was directed by john lee cook
user1: What did you think of it?
user2: it was a good movie Sandra bullock starred in it
user1: Yeah, I thought she gave an incredible performance.  I also really like the character S.J.
user2: yes, and  who would have thought tim mcgraw could act so well
user1: Right?  such an accomplished country star, yet another mutli talented individual!
user1: He was right at home. Like he's been acting for years on the screen in movies.. 
user2: lily Collins gave good performance also don't you think ?
user1: I don't care for football much, but I thought the quick behind the scenes of drafting
user1: I was hoping to see her in some other films, but haven't yet. What a good supporting role for her
user1: I liked how even tho this family appears to be stuck up rich white people, they are also NOT stuck up and have so much more to give.   Incredibly inspiring, considering this is based on a true story
user2: Micheal the student the movie was  centered around was in foster care  
user1: And then the memories of when he and his brother were taken away were heart wrenching!
user2: yes i  love movies based on true stories
user1: I do too, but rarely about sports..
user1: Not a huge sports nut..lol
user2: yes that would make the toughest guy watery eyed 
user1: Watching it at least..playing them are another story all together!
user2: and him having a drug addicted mother really hits home 
user1: Even had my boyfriend crying... he faked a sneezing fit to cover up the crying...lol... Like I can't tell the difference..  
user2: haha
user1: I can personally relate to that part
user1: I did find that the way the recruiters sought their pick for their team, all the bribery that goes on.  For playing a game for heavens sake!
user2: leigh anne really had a impact on that young mans live 
user1: That's for sure! 
user1: Now he has a future.  She pushed for the educational part, which by the way, LOVED Cathy Bates as the tutor
user1: Kinda sneaky and a little mean, but awesome
user2: i like the part where he says he chose old miss because thats where his family went to school
user1: I know, my heart nearly bursted with happiness at hearing that
user2: at first i thought she had only taken him in to benefit herself 
user1: I liked this movie so much I bought it...
user1: Nah, she has everything she could possibly want or need.  The kindness at bringing in a very large black kid out of the rain and cold to her house, doesn't really suggest selfishness..lol
user1: At least, not with her husband and kids in the car
user1: I thought that the Rotten Tomatoes score was low and unworthy...
user2: it upset me when the gang leader made the remake that  remake that sexually reason was behind mike and leigh anne  relationship
user1: Yeah, well, Mike didn't put up with it for long.  There's that protective instinct kickin' in..
user2: yes i think mike loved her like a mother 
user1: Shame what happened to the nice kid who used to play
user1: probably more than his own momma. 
user2: that battle that Micheal had with the thugs was intense 
user1: Well, I'd love to chat more with you, but I think we've actually done more than expected on this HIT.  Hope you have a great day!  And yes, that kuffful - can't really call it battle - can't compete with Mike...
user2: ok thanks have a good one

conversation:
user1: Hello 
user2: Hello! seen any good movies lately?
user2: you still there user 2?
user1: yes 
user1: i'm here 
user1: have you seen the blind side?
user2: No, what's it about?
user1: Its a movie about a underprivileged athlete who was adopted by a privileged family and his journey of recognizing his strength and honing it into a career and love for football
user1: He eventually goes onto to be drafted in the NFL 
user1: it stars Sandra Bullock and Quninton Aaron 
user1: its a good movie you should see it 
user1: are you still there?
user2: awesome, under privileged athlete? like he's poor?
user1: comes from a poorer area 
user1: a lot of people commented on how well Sandra Bullock performed in this movie 
user2: Did she win any awards?
user1: Not that I know of 
user2: is this based on a true story?
user1: Yes 
user2: What's the under privileged athletes name?
user1: Mike 
user1:  the main character (mike the football player) comes from a family with a drug addicted mother and finds a home that allows him to enroll as a football player in their program 
user1: sounding good so far?
user1: Are you still there?
user1: hello?
user1: hello 
user1: everytime I try to do this study you stop responding.... 
user1: hello?

conversation:
user2: Hello
user2: How are you doing today?
user1: Hello good how are you?
user2: I am doing pretty good, Thanks
user2: I am thinking about seeing a movie this afternoon. Do you have any sugestions?
user1: The Movie today is The Blind Side. This movie was out in 2009 and includes Sandra Bullock
user1: I strongly recommend it based on the cinemascore of A+
user2: Sandra Bullock is a good actress.
user2: Is there any other big names in this movie?
user1: It is based on a true story about Michael Oher and his improvised upbringing. He is played by Quinton Aaron. Tim McGraw and Lily Collins are also big starts in the movie.
user1: John Lee Hancock Directed the movie 
user2: I am not sure I know the director. Do you know of any other movies he's directed?
user1: One of the key scenes of the movie is Michael was in foster care with many different families. His mother was a drug addict.
user2: That is sad!
user2: I am guessing he was probably raised in a not so good part of town.
user1: It is until he gets enrolled at Wingate Christian School and gets to play football.
user1: He was raised in Memphis, TN.
user2: Was in enrolled at the school by one of the foster families?
user1: He is then befriended by Sean Touhy Jr and meets Leigh Ann his mother and the wife of Sean Touhy, 
user1: He was enrolled bucause he was sleeping on a friends couch and then the friends father called the football coach at that school
user2: Are the Touhy's a foster family?
user1: Leigh Annes Friends question seans safety around Michael. But Leeanne doesnt have it! Leigh Anne eventually seeks to become Michaels Legal Guardian. Leeanne teaches him that in football he needs to protect the quarterback
user1: With a hard time with academics, when High school is over, he wants to play college but needs to keep up his GPA. Leeanne hires him a private tutor to help him.
user2: So he moves in with the Touhy's?
user2: Or he is still in foster care?
user1: At this point, he moves in with the Touhys.
user2: I would imagine trying to concentrate on school is probably the last thing on his mind. Sounds like he had a rough childhood.
user1: He does question Leigh Anne's motives for taking him in. he runs away and finds his biological mother in Hurt Village. A gang member greets him and says offensive things about Leeanne and her daughter Collins. Michael battles him. After thinking about it, he chose to go to school at Ole Miss because thats where his family goes to school. He is accepted.
user2: His biological family or the Touhy's?
user1: The Touhys
user2: They are a family that is well off?
user1: Yes they are. The father is a wealthy business man and she is an interior designer.
user1: If you like sports movies with a good store this is the one for you!
user2: Wow... what an opportunity 

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi
user2: I read about The Blind Side. Have you seen it?
user1: I only have knowledge of this through what I have previously read and seen on tv / internet but I have not see the movie.
user2: okay. it's about a a homeless black teen, has drifted in and out of the school system for years. Then Leigh Anne Tuohy (Sandra Bullock) and her husband, Sean (Tim McGraw), take him in. The Tuohys eventually become Michael's legal guardians, transforming both his life and theirs. Michael's tremendous size and protective instincts make him a formidable force on the gridiron, and with help from his new family and devoted tutor, he realizes his potential as a student and football player.
user1: Yes. I have a good idea from what I had previously read  / heard about this story. I've heard from friends that it was a great movie.
user1: Sounds like a pretty amazing true life story.
user2: i really liked it! Sandra Bullock did a very good job in it! 
user1: That's what I heard. She played the part well. Not one of my favorite actors but it wouldn't sway me from watching it because the story is pretty moving.
user1: Are you still there?
user2: that's good! I really like her 
user2: yes sorry thought i pressed send 
user2: it has an A+ for a cinemaScore which i found really cool
user1: Good deal! How does this task progress??
user2: i'm not sure
user2: i know we have to talk for 10-15 minutes. 
user2: i think there is a certain amount of messages that have to be sent back and forth as well 
user2: Do you like Tim McGraw?
user1: I don't know him as an actor and I'm not a huge country fan. 
user2: oh okay. I think he did pretty well in this movie. Jae Head who played as a SJ in the movie was pretty funny as well. 
user2: Did you know that the movie is based on a true story?
user2: and that there is a book called The Blind Side?
user1: yes. I have read about the story online and was aware that there is a book that the movie stemmed from. 
user2: Well i didnt know about the book until now but i did know that it was based on a true story. 
user2: we have to reply to each other at least 15 times
user1: I think the document changed?
user2: yeah it added some key scenes i think 
user2: can you see the document?
user1: Yes. It is getting more specific about the characters.
user1: can you see the doc?
user2: yes i can 
user2: Leigh Anne's friends wonder what she is doing; they suggest that Collins might not be safearound Michael, but Leigh Ann rebukes them. She later asks Collins how she feels about it.Collins replies that they cannot just throw Michael out. When Leigh Anne seeks to becomeMichael's legal guardian, she learns he was taken from his drug-addict mother when he wasseven and that no one knows her whereabouts. She is also told that, although he scoredpoorly in a career aptitude test, he was ranked in the 98th percentile in "protective instincts".When Michael appears to be hesitant to use his strength and size while learning to playfootball, Leigh Anne tells him, as an offensive lineman, he must protect his quarterback.From that moment, Michael improves drastically, well enough to play at the college level.However, to do that, he must meet the minimum grade point average to get in so theTuohys hire a private tutor for him, the outspoken and kind Miss Sue.
user2: In that scene, The friends are super rude
user1: Sounds like the main character has had a rough life
user2: and yes I agree 
user1: He seems to be scared to use his strength & size
user2: Yeah i agree. 
user2: Do you think you would watch the movie after discussing this?
user1: Probably a good chance
user2: Awesome!
user1: seems well worth the watch
user1: I'd definitely check it out
user1: anything further?

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello! This movie is called The Blindside and has gotten a 69% on rotten tomatoes and when I saw it I would go see it again. The movie is about drama an offensive lineman, Michael Oher and was drafted by Baltimore and he had a rough upbringing so this is a chance of a life time and is based on his book. You should see it!

conversation:
user2: Hi, what did you think of Big Mike?
user1: It was okay. I really liked Sandra Bullock's role

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: edis dnilb eht dellac si eivom siht ,olleh
user1: ok, sure
user1: what is it about?
user1: the name sounds good
user2: it is about Michael Oher, he was an offensive lineman
user2:  the film follows his upbringing. its a really good movie
user1: but, what does he have to do? 
user2: It is based on the book The Blind side. You should watch it
user1: I don't know that book
user2: He was a student at Briarcrest Christian schho;
user1: which year is that movie from?
user2: He was in foster care most of his childhood due to his Mothers drug habit
user2: The Movie is from 2009
user1: and after that?
user2: He continued to run away from his foster homes
user2:  He then starting sleeping on his friends couch
user1: is that a kind of drama?
user2: Yes
user1: I see... well tell me something more
user2: The family he was staying with decided to adopt him
user1: ok
user2: Its a really good movie
user1: maybe... it for adults only?
user2: He had to score a good gpa to be accepted into a college
user2: its for all ages
user1: yes, it looks like a good movie
user2: While doing his interview for college he gets scared and runs away
user2: He went and found his biological mother
user2: He got into a fight with some gang members where his mother lived and then realized that he wanted to go to college and was accepted to Ole miss college
user2: That is where the family that adopted him went
user1: has it a good end?
user2:  Yes
user2: It ends with him being accepted into college
user1: it is more like a teen movie, isn't it?
user2: He wanted to go to Ole Miss because he wanted to go where his adoptive family went
user2: Not really but teens should like it as well as adults.
user1: ok
user2: I believe the Director is John Lee Hancock
user1: it is a good director
user2: Quinton Aaron plays Mike oher
user2: Sandra Bullock plays Leigh Anne Tuohy, his adoptive mom
user1: i see, i like them
user2: Tim McGraw plays Sean Tuohy, his adoptive father
user2: A great cast!
user1: sure!
user2: The reviews were very positive
user2: A very strong performance by Sandra Bullock
user1: ok
user2: Does it sound like something you would be interested in seeing?
user1: yes, i think so
user2: You wont regret it, its a great film!
user2:  He goes on from College to be a first round pick for the Ravens
user1: actually, I don't like so much drama but I could give it a try
user2: I usually don't either but this was a great one!
user2: And the cast is good as well
user2: It is a biographical film
user2: sports drama

conversation:
user1: Hello.
user2: hello
user1: We are discussing a movie, Blind side.
user1: Rather "The Blind Side"
user2: Yes have you seen the movie?
user1: Nope.
user1: Have you?
user2: You have to watch it because is it a very good story and based on real life. 
user1: Ok I have the fact sheet here. It was made in 2009. A sports drama.\
user2: Has Sandra Bullock in iot also 
user1: Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 69%, but cinemascore gave it an A+
user1: Yes I see Sandra Bullock played Leigh Anne Tuohy in the movie.
user2: Oher was drafted my the Ravens 
user1: It looks like critics particularly praised Sandra Bullock's performance.
user1: Looks like it was directed by John Lee Hancock. 
user2: He came out of foster care
user2: Hancock nade a good mopvie 
user2: Leigh Anne Tuohy was a real person 
user1: Ok good. It looks like Oher was first round pick.
user2: He was one of the best o-linemen
user1: Yea, the movie is based on a book "The Blind Side: Evolution of a Game" by Michael Lewis.
user2: I thought it took place in Mississippi
user2: I missed that in the movie
user1: Hmm foster care was in Tennesseee. 
user2: the real mother was on drugs 
user1: Thats why the foster care, ok.
user2: Leigh anne became a real mom to him 
user1: It looks like his real mother went missing, no one knows where she went.
user1: Oops, no thats not true. He tracked her down. In Hurt Village.
user2: Thats why i thought Mississippi
user2: He went to Old Miss
user1: OK makes sense now. Slowly getting more info here.
user2: It is a good movie you should watch it. 
user1: Yep after that he says good by to the Tuohy family.
user2: got that 1980 feel to it
user1: Ok thats good.
user2: nothing on tv give it a try 
user1: I see that there are gang fights, I wonder if that part is true.
user2: was based on a true story 
user1: Michael was defending Leigh and Collins' reputation.

conversation:
user1: Hi, Have you seen the Blind Side?
user2: Yes I have seen it many times its one of my favorite movies. Have you seen it
user1: Yes I have, do you like sports dramas in general?
user1: I really think Sandra Bullock played the mom in a awesome way! She was a perfect actress for that role. She was so caring and played the country part so well. 
user2: Yes, I'm a big fan of sports dramas. I think that this movie shows that if you put your mind to something then you can achieve it. Michael Oher was a boy from the projects and ended up as an NFL linebacker. 
user2: I really liked Tim Mcgraw in this movie. He played the part so well 
user1: Yes, it really shows you can overcome any hurdle in life.It also shows there are still people out there who care and will help others expecting nothing in return.
user1: The movie showed me to care about others! I did not knowit was based on a book also, I thought t was just a true story.
user2: The movie about Michael Oher was a praiseworthy performance by Sandra Bullock, She really put on a strong performance 
user1: It got a low rating from rotten tomatoes, that suprises me! It was only given a 6.1/10! It deserved a better score then that. 
user2: yes with its cast and director, and a great moving story line it should have gotten a much higher rating
user1: Did you know he was in foster case because of his moms drug addiction? He ran away everytime he got put into a new home. 
user2: Yes, he ended up sleeping on a couch at his friends dads house 
user1: Yes! I did not know Leigh Anne met him through her son, when he befriended him. 
user2: i think it was really cool that mikes friends dad fought to have michael attend a school like windgate to play football and that he met the tuohys there
user1: Yes, it was like someone was always fighting for him to succedd and have a future! In the move S.J was funny, what so you think about him?
user2: i think that sandra bullouck's character was strong minded for sure and would have to be to make everything happen like she wanted it 
user1: It was sad her friends were so against her! They felt she was not safe and that was so far from the truth
user2: i think its really cool that mrs tughy didnt care what her friends thought when she takes michael in
user1: I liked when he tested in the 98th percentile for protective instincts. That showed his character as a peron 
user2: I think that that is what helped him out on the football field
user1: Yes is sure did. He was always ready to protect his teamates. How do you feel about the tutor Mrs.Sue?
user2: i also think that its great that they did everything for him to suceed like hiring a tutor
user2: i think that michael had been hurt so many times that he questioned why anyone would do so much for him without wanting anything in return
user1: It was sad when He questioned her about taking him in. That lady manipulated him into thinking the family had other motives
user2: i think that michael did love this family he was so protective of of collins and leighann
user1: He loved them so much, When he said he wanted to go to Ole Miss because his family went there showed how much he loved them
user1: It was sad when he said goodbye to them at the college. Leigh Anne did not want to leave him!
user1: Are you there?
user1: Do you think Ole Miss was the right pick for him?

conversation:
user2: Hello
user2: I'm not a big sports movie fan, so I'm not sure I'd like this movie.
user1: It sounds very interesting from the description. Have you ever heard of any of the actors in the movie?
user2: Sandra Bullock, yes.
user2: Says its based on a book.  I might enjoy that more than a Hollywood version.
user1: I like some sports movies but this sounds more like a human interest movie, as it says this kid was adopted. I think I would like that part of the story.
user2: Yes, it has more than sports to grab a viewer's interest.
user1: I also like to read the book version of movies but at times the movie does surpass the book due to the special effects. Do you think that might be the case with this movie? I think the going from impoverished to a big time football player will make this the type of cinderella story I like
user2: My main problem with true story movies is when I find out there were major changes to a story to make it more "dramatic."  Makes me feel lied to.
user2: Has your document changed yet?
user2: I still have the same information.
user1: I can understand that but I don't think we would go to movies like this if they were not sensationalized. Sandra Bullocks performance  carried it I presume from the description.
user1: No my document hasn't changed as I still see that the critics were 6.1 out of ten rating this movie the blind side
user2: Yeah, her performance is what's singled out here.
user2: So, I now see that drug addiction is part of the story.
user1: It says this movie was made in 2009, I wonder if the Briar Crest school that the real Michael went to has changed. I now know why he was adopted, since his mother suffered from Drug addiction
user2: I must say it would be nice to see a positive view of foster care.  Most movie stories focus on the horror stories.
user2: I wonder what time the events in the movie take place in.
user1: I like that the story says that even though his academics were not good, the school still gave him a chance. There are a lot of kids who come from this type of upbringing that might fair just as well if given a chance
user2: I agree.
user1: Wow it says he became a first round pick for the Ravens. That speaks highly of his talent. Lucky for him the Tuchys and Cotton believed in him
user2: Athletes are often given more chances than non-athletes.
user1: Yes I think you are right because if says his size and athleticism are what got him into that school. 
user2: I didn't know career tests scored for "protective instincts"
user1: Wow it says that her friends thought that she would not be safe around him but she still wanted to adopt him
user2: it would be interesting to know why she gravitated to that specific kid
user1: I didn't know that the career test scored for that either but I think that might have led to her wanting to adopt him, knowing that  he was protective, that usually means loyal
user2: she also uses that protectiveness to explain his role in football
user1: Sounds like those protective instincts came in handy when he battled the gang leader about Leigh Ann and Collins. 
user2: yes, that must be an interesting scene.
user1: They hired him a private tutor, Miss Sue, that explains how he got his grades up to meet the minimum grade point average
user2: they were wealthy enough to afford the tutor.  he had some lucky breaks after so many unlucky ones
user1: Poor Michael. It seems he didn't trust much as it says he ran away from the interview, due to questioning Leigh Ann's motives for taking him in. He was extremely lucky to find a wealthy family to take him in and get him a tutor so he could do well in school. That doesn't happen in everyday life so I can understand why he was suspicious, can't you?
user2: right
user2: have a good night
user1: iI didn't see the end message

conversation:
user2: hi! 
user1: Hey
user2: This is one of my favorite movies so emotionally powerful 
user1: Yes. Great story. Sports and family wise
user2: Such a great message too. We are all the same and deserve love and respect 
user1: Yes it’s inspirational and makes you want to be a better person 
user2: We all have so much to give and this does inspire so much 
user1: Sandra Bullock did a great job
user1: Also shows you that through anything you can do it
user2: I think one of her best movies 
user1: Yep
user2: you truly can overcome any obstacle with the right mind set 
user1: Getting to the story. Amazing what Michael did 
user2: what is your favorite scene? 
user1: When Michael realizes how good he is 
user2: It is amazing how far he has come 
user1: You?
user2: When he shields his little brother in the car crash 
user1: Great scene.
user2: i think it goes to show that you do not have to be blood related to love and have that sibling connections 
user1: Also how he sticks up for his adopted family
user2: he cares so deeply for them, truly touching 
user2: it is also so amazing to me to think that Leigh Anne just picks up Michael off the street not knowing how much he will change her life 
user2: or she his 
user1: Yes. Even when he questions everything there was just good in there hearts to help him
user1: No strings attached 
user1: Shocked rotten tomatoes didn’t give it a better score 
user2: that love transcends race and all other physical barriers   
user1: Love conquers all and this story showed it 
user2: i am shocked at the rotten tomato score 
user2: i think it deserves better 
user2: true for everything in life 
user1: It did. 
user2: love it what its all about 
user1: Amen

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello
user2: What is the name of the movie
user1: I just watched The Blind Side (by John Lee Hancock). It was much better than I expected
user2: Whats it about
user2: ?
user1: It's a sports dama with Sandra Bullock. 
user1: There's an American football player that plays in the NFL even though he started in an impoverished area
user1: a "rags to riches" of sorts
user2: Oh I love Sandra Bullock
user2: I think shes a great actress
user2: did you like her part on The Blind Side
user1: yeah. Her performance really shines in this movie
user2: What about the other actors
user2: what other actors did you like
user1: I don't really remember their names but the guy that played Big Mike (the main character) wasn't bad
user1: He sells his character though. His character grew up in foster care
user2: Oh I see, and whats his role?
user2: is he the football player?
user1: yes, he is the football player that went on to play for the NFL. Specifically the Baltimore Ravens
user2: That seems really interesting!
user2: and what about ratings?
user1: CinemaScore gave the movie an A+
user2: that sounds pretty good
user1: Yeah
user2: and critic responces? 
user1: To be fair though, Metacritic gave it a 53 and rotten tomatoes gave it 69%
user1: so... take what you will
user2: ok I see
user2: what else can you tell me about the movie
user1: Want to hear more about what happens in the movie?
user2: yeah for sure
user2: tell me more about it please
user1: The main character eventually gets enrolled in a Christian school and shines in football even though he's not the best student.
user2: Oh I see, well the movie seems interesting enough, I think I will give it a shot. Thanks a lot.
user1: I'm glad you liked it

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hello! The movie is The Blind Side starring Sandra Bullock. Have u seen it?
user1: No
user1: How are the reviews
user1: when was the movie made?
user2: It's a football movie, following the career ofMichael Oher of the Ravens. Reviews are moderately positive.
user2: 2009.
user1: kinda old
user1: Good that the reviews are somewhat positive
user2: Yeah. Strong performance by Bullock. Might be good if u like football themed movies.
user1: Is this a comedy a drama?
user1: I am not a big football fan but if the movie is good I will watch
user2: It's a biography, about a poor kid growing up in hard times to become a success.
user1: Did he face a lot of adversity
user2: Yeah, lots of foster homes from which he ran away from.
user1: Oh wow pretty tough life
user2: Mother was addicted to drugs.
user1: Wow
user1: What was Sandra's characters role in the film
user2: Slept on the couch in friend's house.
user1: He was homeless?
user2: Bullock plays a wealthy wife. She's a interior designer who adopted the player.
user2: Home to home to home, finally ended up in the right home.
user1: That is nice of her, would you say she helped in his turn around leading to success
user1: poor kid l
user2: Yeah. A feel good story. 
user1: Were there any other important characters in Michaels life
user2: Bullock hired a tutor for him, to try to get his grades up.
user1: Did he have any learning disabilities
user1: Its good they gave him a tutor
user2: The player became suspicious of why Bullock took him in. He ran away again, to find his real mother. Gangs welcomed him back. But he stayed strong.
user2: He then got admitted to OleMiss University.
user1: Wow, I guess he didn't believe anyone really cared about him and became suspicious of it. Poor guy
user1: Wow great accomplishment
user1: The movie sounds like something I will watch 
user2: Yeah, it takes a lot of love to turn a guy around.
user1: very uplifting
user2: I might watch it too.
user1: Thanks for your insight and yes it would take a lot turn him around
user1: Thanks for chatting
user1: Have an awesome day
user2: You are welcome. 
user2: Have a nice day too.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello, 
user2: How are you today?
user1: I thought you would like to see a movie, called the Blind side, have you heard of it?
user2: Isn't that the movie with Jennifer Anniston?
user1: No its the one with, Sandra Bullock, Tim McGraw, the biography of the football player who came from nothing and became a great linebacker.
user2: I love biographies.  Was the movie faithful to how things actually happened or did they change up stuff 
user1: It was really inspirational and worth watching. It was taking this child from homeless, and being adopted by a caring family and raising him up to become something great inside and out.
user1: A real feel good movie and I am sure we need those today?
user2: I like those kinds of movies.  Sounds very inspirational
user1: It really was and one of those that are funny too. Alot of funny stuff from being in foster homes and then moving in with his last foster family.
user1: He was a big ole boy. Also was african american and was being fostered by this white family. He would stand by his foster mom and just tower her. But she kept him in line.
user2: How did the story end?
user1: He went onto become a player in the NFL for the Ravens
user2: w
user2: What did the critics think about the movie?
user1: They of course found it average. But I am not a fan of sport biographies, but this one was inspirational because they showed the pre-struggle.
user2: Didn't Sandra Bullock win an award?
user1: During his highschool days, he had to get a tutor and his mother helped coach him. She taught him how to protect his player. He started to make some real life loving connections.
user1: I am not real sure, but she did get alot of praise on her performance. 
user1: I hope if you haven't seen it you might want to. 
user2: I will definitely consider it.  Was there any romance?  I love romantic movies
user1: No, not really just alot of a child, becoming an adult through adversities and a family coming to love him. Shape him into a good person that he really was.4
user1: Do you like a good nice movies story line?
user1: Makes me all happy. 
user2: Did it have a happy ending?  Not all biographical movies do.
user1: At one point he runs away to find his bilogical mother and of course that turns out to be a turning point of finding who really loves you and what you want out of life. 
user1: So he uses that strength and plays better and become a nfl player..still thinks he plays to this day.
user1: I am a big fan of it. Hope you get to watch it.
user1: hello?
user1: The name of the movie was called the Blindside the year was 2009 incase you need it?
user2: It think I will see the movie
user2: Is he still playing for the team?  Did he get his happily ever after in real life?
user1: wow that is great. yes, he is still playing and having a happy ending.
user1: still his family is a big part of it too. 
user1: that is what makes it so enduring i think?
user1: what do you think?
user2: Yes.  Did he like the movie?  
user1: Im not sure, but he did have a great life. YOu have a great day.. thanks for the conversation.

conversation:
user1: Hello,  my names Brandi what is the name of the movie you received to talk about. 
user2: Hello, my name is Enmanuel.
user2: the movie is The Blind Side
user1: Awesome I love that movie have you seen it before?  
user2: No, I have not seen it, but from what I see it is very good, Sandra Bullock participates and I am fascinated by her work.
user1: Yes she was a very good actress in the movie it really is a great movie.  It's based off a real story. 
user2: They are movies that leave us good messages of life for our personal growth.
user2: Do you like drama movies?
user1: Cool yes I do like drama movies how about you? 
user2: Yes, but there is a part of this movie that I do not like ... Have you seen it yet?
user1: What is the movie title?  And what part don't you like?  
user2: Well you should see it to be able to tell you well in which part of the film is what I do not like.
user1: I can't see a movie description,  but If it is a drama movie I think i would like it.. Can you tell me about  it? 
user2: I'm not sure about that, but did you know that there is a very beautiful scene in this movie?
user1: No I didn't know there was a beautiful scene,  what scene is that?  Can you describe it? 
user2: Do you agree with the rating of the film?
user1: Yes I do I think the rating was fair.  Do you like the movie? 
user2: Yes, the film received moderately positive reviews.
user1: Yes I think it should of been given 5 stars.  What about you
user2: Do you usually watch movies with grades (good / bad)?...
user1: I usually watch movies based off of ratings yes if it has good reviews I'll watch it if it sounds good. How about you? 
user2: It might seem like some very pathetic spectators, but The Blind Side has the benefit of having top quality material and a great performance from Sandra Bullock.
user1: I agree the blind side is one of my favorite movies.  I really like the whole story line it's very strong movie emotionally. 
user1: I like when the football player saves the boy
user1: What part do u like?  
user2: Michael has been in foster care with different families in Memphis.

conversation:
user2: Hello there
user2: Have you seen The Blind Side?
user1: Hello 
user1: Yes, I have. Have you seen it?
user2: No I haven't. But it seems like it has many positive reviews.
user2: It seems like it's a biographical sports drama film.
user1: It has. Sandra Bullocks performance in the movie was great. 
user1: Yes. It came out in 2009 and was the director was John Lee Hancock.
user2: Nice. It has Ti McGraw in it too apparently.
user1: It does. It also has Lily Colins in it too.
user2: Yeah she plays Collins Tuohy
user2: Oh I didn't know it was based on a book.
user1: Yes it was. The book was also called The Blind Side. Evolution of a Game
user1: It was by Michael Lewis
user2: And Michael Lewis is also the main character "Big Mike" right?
user1: It features Michael Oher, an offensive lineman who was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens of the NFL
user2: Oh so they're not the same. Ok. At least the reviews are decent.
user1: No, Quinton Aaron played big Mike in the movie
user2: Ah ok. It's sad about Michael's background though. He was placed in foster care and would run away each time.
user1: Yes it is. The father of whose couch Michael had been sleeping asks Burt Colten , the coach at Wingate Christian school gets him admitted despite his poor academic record. 
user2: Yeah it's cool what the Tuohy's do for him. Like Leigh Anne telling him he must protect he quarterback as a lineman, but in ordxer to do so, he has to maintain the minimum gpa
user1: Yes, and they hire a private tutor for him 
user1: She was outspoken and kind, she was Miss Sue.
user2: Yep. It seems like things worked out for him. I'm glad the decided to adopt him and save him from his impoverished upbringing.
user1: Well, Michael ran away before one of his interviews were over and confronts Leigh Anne about her motives for taking him in
user2: Yeah and after that, he goes on to try to find his biological mother in Hurt Village.
user1: Yeah, but unfortunately a gang leader welcomes him back and makes some sexually offensive insinuations  towards Leigh Ann and Colins. 
user2: But how cool is it that when the gang leader threatens to go after him, Michael actually battles him and the other thugs. 
user1: It was. After that, it was nice that he thought things over and after questioning Leigh Anne. Michael told Granger that he chose Ole Miss because it's where his family goes.
user2: Yep. And in the end, it's so sweet when he is finally accepted into college and says his farewells to the Tuohy family.
user1: Yeah, that was sweet. 
user2: Overall it seems like a decent movie. It has good morals and the ratings on RottenTomatoes ans Metacritic Score both seem solid.
user1: Very true and with the cinema score rating being an A+. You cant go wrong watching this movie. 
user2: Nope I think it's worth checking up. I wonder if it still holds up today seeing that it was made back in 2009. 
user2: *out
user1: I would think that it does. With the moral of the story I dont see how it couldnt
user2: True I also like how he's drafted by the Baltimore Raven. He's even a first round pick.
user2: Well I think that's all the articles we're getting. It was nice talking to you!
user1: It was nice talking to you also. 
user2: Goodbye.
user1: Goodbye.

conversation:
user2: Hello how are you?
user1: hi ow are you
user1: have u seen the blind side?
user2: Oh yes! I love that film 
user1: yea it got good ratings - 69 on rotten and A+ on cinema score
user1: also sandra bullock was really good in that film
user2: Sweet! Didn’t Sandra Bullock get an Oscar for that role?
user1: i believe so
user1: or she was nominated
user2: Do you like the film?
user1: yea i did
user1: it was fresh
user2: What about it makes it fresh compared to other films?
user1: ive never seen that type of coming of age film and it wasnt as predictable as the others
user1: what do u think about mike oher going from foster care to a division 1 player?
user2: I agree! I liked how the film tackled racial issues in contemporary society. Did you feel they addressed that well?
user1: i feel like it addressed that to some extent
user1: do you think that is controversial for the family to steer mike toward going to their favorite college tennesseee?
user2: Now I heard some controversy from film critics about the film tackling race issues. They could have used him for their favorite team
user2: They also projected the “white savior” cliche which I’m not really sure I liked 
user1: yea but that cliche is alive and well
user2: Very much! The film Get Out I think broke that code for a little while 
user1: that film broke a lot of molds
user1: leigh annes friends thought michael was dangerous
user2: Yah and they only showed the bad side of the African American community without really showing why it is in the state that it is 
user1: luckily theirs people like leigh anne to defend what is right
user2: Yah but Kind of still applying that white savior mentality 
user1: thats true but better than the alternative
user1: i think michael chose ole miss because of the tuohys
user2: Yeah. I guess with these type of films they only have so many options 
user1: right but it is based on a true story
user1: if i was in michaels plase i would probably choose the college they wanted me to go to as well tbh
user2: True but you know those true story films tend to stretch out that truth part to establish drama. There may have been some gain for that family 
user1: thats right
user1: they have to have more drama than there actually was
user2: But I guess it brought a good message overall and now Michael is a successful athlete out of all of this

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi
user1: I watched this movie and I really liked it
user2: Me too! one of my favorite movie
user1: It was based on a true story 
user1: I think the score for the movie was too low
user2: Right. I was shocked to see it only got 69% in rotten tomatoes
user1: Rotten tomatoes tends to rate movies harshly
user2: I agree
user2: John lee Hancock did a great job in this movie
user1: I agree, he put together a great lineup of actors and actresses
user2: Yes. Sandra is amazing here
user2: Quinton too! 
user1: It was definitely sad about mikes upbringing 
user2: Agree. It was eye opening for me.
user1: For the Tuohys to take in a complete stranger, I can imagine it being really difficult
user2: Imagine only having a pair of clothes and sleeping outside in a cold weather. It is heart wrenching 
user1: agreed
user2: What Leigh Anne did is amazing
user1: I always wondered if the scene where Leigh Anne going on the football field was real
user1: during practice
user2: Probably not lol but it was a nice addition
user1: one of the best parts
user2: Collins reaction is commendable too. Being open minded in a teenager is rare
user1: this day in age I agree
user2: When Mike run away from they and went back to look for his mother I cried in that part
user1: definitely 
user1: he could have gone down a bad path
user1: if he decided to stay
user2: Ikr. Good thing Leigh Anne looked for him.
user1: funny who the NCAA was coming after him
user1: it seems like they are lenient now
user1: funny how
user2: Lol yeah. 

conversation:
user1: Hello.
user2: hi
user1: Are
user1: Are you a Sandra Bullock fan?
user2: not a fan, but admire her acting skills
user1: not my fave either
user2: ok
user1: I don't know any of these other actors
user2: ok
user2: i don't know the movie name
user2: is it okay to ask?
user1: Blind Side
user1: it's a sports drama
user1: do you like sports films?
user2: yeah
user1: I liked Rudy.
user1: Basketball Diaries
user1: looks like the critics loved this one
user1: come to think of it, maybe I'm over Sandra Bullock
user1: I'll be okay to never see her again
user1: that will be fine
user1: beter movies prob
user2: she is starring in ocean's 8
user2: bet it will be a nice movie
user1: sounds like you liked the other oceans movies
user1: too hard to follow for me.
user2: not all of them
user2: the first one
user2: it's also one the best movies of hollywood
user1: what do you mean?
user2: the other two are trash
user2: oneans 11 was very good movie
user1: sequels  didn't match the orig
user1: same old story
user2: but oceans 12 and 13 were bad
user1: the nolan batman movies would be an exception
user2: yeah
user1: isn't tim macgraw a country singer
user2: don't know about him
user1: not a fan of country

conversation:
user1: Hey how are you doing today?
user2: Hey, I'm very well. Hope you're doing OK too.
user1: I'm doing great, just looking for a movie to watch.
user2: Ohh you have to watch The Blind Side
user1: I have not yet, how are the reviews?
user2: 69% on Rotten Tomatoes. And Sandra Bullock received an amazing feedback from critics and watchers for her performance on it
user1: That's not too bad at all, I do like Sandra Bullocks acting.
user2: Well, she's great on it. And it's really interesting that it's based on a true story about how motivation, family and persistance can help anyone achieve great feats.
user1: SO it's mostyl a drama?
user2: I'd say it's half a drama and half a comedy. Sandra Bullock's role is both inspiring and hilarious. And there's a kid named Jae Head who is really funny too.
user1: Sounds good to me, what does the kid do in the movie?
user2: He's friends with the protagonists and they share various funny scenes. The kid mostly stands by the protagonist at all times, motivates him and treats him like a real brother.
user1: I love a good family affair to be honest.
user2: Well this one has you covered in that aspect. And you'll also laugh a lot and be really inspired by the end of it.
user1: Anything else about the movie you can tell me?
user2: I could tell you it's also about how money and status can influence the outcome of people. It's sort of a criticism of how capitalism sometimes put money over people's necessities
user1: I get that, money can really change peolpes lives for the worst, but I think this is a movie I'd like to watch for sure.
user2: I'm sure you'll like it. Especially if you like Sandra Bullock. She's not the protagonist, but I'd say she's really the star here.
user1: She's one of my favorite actors, nice to see her with a starring role.
user2: So you'll watch it tonight?
user1: I think so, anything else you can tell me to persuade me?
user2: I can tell you this is a great movie to watch with your friends and family
user1: Sounds good to me, I would love a good laugh with the family.
user2: Don't miss it then! You'll all have a great time!
user1: Whats the best scene in the movie without spoiling too much?
user1: Hello?
user2: I'd say it's a scene where Sandra Bullock convinces Quinton Aaron's character to use his protective instincs and incredible size in a football practice
user1: I love football that sounds amazing
user2: Man, you should go and watch this movie ASAP

conversation:
user2: Hi, how did you like the movie?
user1: I thought it was excellent
user1: Sandra Bullock was great
user1: What do you think?
user2: Yeah, me too. I like the author, Michael Lewis. He writes about odd subjects and is always interesting. 
user1: It only got a 53 on metacritic, I thought it was better than that. What about you, did you think it was better than that?
user2: Yeah, much better. But I like football and think Sandra Bullock is great (and funny). So I guess if one isn't into that they may not like it. 
user1: I agree
user2: Michael Lewis wrote Liar's Poker, about bond traders at Solomon Bros. Sounds boring but is a great read. And funny. I used to work at Sollie, so that's why I read it. 
user1: And tim mcgraw wasnt bad even though hes a not an anactor
user1: I;ve never read it
user1: I dont even know what sollie is
user2: Sollie = nickname for Solomon Brothers, which was taken over by Citibank. It was a high flying Bond Trading firm back in the day. 
user1: i see
user1: What did you rhink of the Tuohy's? I thought they were nice people
user2: I remember this guy playing in the Super Bowl. I think he was with the Panthers at the time. Denver killed him. But his story is great. 
user1: Yeah, good story
user1: DDoes he still play or did he retire?
user2: He still plays.
user1: I thought so
user2: It's a great sports story. Not too focused on sports, so I think it will appeal to many folks. 
user1: And man, that John Lee Hancock...whata a great director!
user1: I think Leigh Anne;s friends were silly for suggesting that her kid wouldn't be safe
user2: Yeah. Subtle racism...I think that's what they were going for. 
user1: I agree
user1: She fostored his protective insiticts too, which helped him play wlel
user2: The "protective instincts" leading to "protect the QB" seems a little too pat, though.
user1: Yeah, i guess
user2: But hey, its a movie.
user1: it is a movie, but a good one
user1: and then Micheal ran away from the interview, that was uncomfortable
user2: Yeah. There was a lot of tension. But you have to have some drama, even in a feel-good movie. 
user1: and then some dude offered him a beer, i wonder if he was thirtsy?
user2: In the real world it would've been a doobie.
user1: ha, yep
user1: but then he got accepted into college
user1: alls well that ends well
user2: ole miss. 
user1: yeah
user1: uhh?

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: Have you seen the movie The Blind Side?
user1: No
user1: What year was it made
user2: It came out in 2009
user1: Pretty old
user1: Who are the lead characters
user2: Sandra Bullock plays Leigh Anne Tuohy and Tim McGraw plays her husband Sean Tuohy.
user2: Quinton Aaron plays Big Mike
user1: okay
user2: The movie is very well made.
user1: Sandra Bullock is  a great actress
user1: Is the movie a comedy or drama
user2: She really is, it is a drama that has a bit of comedy
user1: Sounds good
user1: What is main plot
user1: what is the main plot
user2: It is about Big Mike being in and out of foster care due to his mom's drug addiction. Leigh Anne finds him and takes him in, and he is a BIG DUDE and protective so he becomes part of the football team
user1: Wow, sounds like the character faced a lot of adversity
user2: Sean Tuohy and Leigh Anne help get him enrolled at the private school so he can play for the football team
user1: Did he face any issues on the football team
user2: Yeah. Then since the Tuohy's are a rich family Leigh Anne's friends judge her and wonder why she is even bothering with this kid
user2: He didn't face any big issues with the football team but with school he did
user2: He didn't grow up in school so he struggled
user1: Wow, seems like her friends were very judgmental
user1: Did he have any learning disabilities
user2: Yeah, after that she wants to become his legal guardian but has issues because no one knows where the mother is.
user2: No he didn't have learning disabilities, he just didn't grow up going to school because he always ran away form his foster home and his mom was addicted to drugs
user1: Wow, he faced a lot of issues and its good the family helped him out
user1: How successful was he on the team
user2: Later on there is an interview with Big Mike about becoming part of the family. But he runs away and confrotns Leigh Anne about why she even cares and why she is trying to help him
user2: Unless he has retired he is in the NFL now.
user2: Since you haven't seen this movie I highly recommend it. It pulls the heat srtings and the acting is wonderful
user1: The kid had it tough so is understandable he wonder why someone cares. Sounds like an interesting movie
user1: Thanks for your insight 
user2: It really is. When I first saw it i didn't understand why people cried but now I do.
user1: I will watch the movie
user2: You're welcome. Awesome! I hope you enjoy it.
user1: Thanks for chatting
user2: Thank you!
user1: Have a great day

conversation:
user1: Hello, Blind Side was a very interesting movie.
user2: It was ok, a little too sappy for my taste, though
user1: Cinemascore was A+ but like you Rotten Tomatoes and Metacritic weren't very thrilled with it either.
user2: I trust a site like rotten tomatoes, just like I trust IMDB
user1: Agreed.  The movie is a good one for children to see, it will give them hope I think.
user2: That makes sense to me, it seemed sort of like a fairy tale, in a way
user1: I really like Sandra Bullock is my reason for liking the movie I guess, she had a good role in adopting the boy.
user2: She did do a fine job in the film
user1: Agreed.  I think it is neat that the boy got signed to the NFL.
user2: Well, first, he got a full ride to college, then the NFL
user1: True.  It had to have been tough being with all those families in foster care and having a mother who is addicted.
user2: True, it certainly did not give him much hope at all
user1: I probably would have run away from them too like he did.
user2: Perhaps
user1: Getting adopted by Sandra Bullock probably saved him from a life of crime and eventual prison.
user2: That totally makes sense, his prospects were pretty much nil up until that point
user1: Do you like sport dramas?
user2: To some extent, sure. Do you?
user1: Not really, but this one was better than most to me.
user2: How so?
user1: That was pretty smart what she told him about protecting the quarterback, the fact that she used his test scores to help him get ahead is a pretty novel idea for a parent.
user2: She played to the boy's strengths quite well
user1: I'm glad he stuck up for his Mom against those thugs.
user2: The "protective instincts", I reckon
user1: Exactly.
user2: And he ended up going to the same school as his adoptive parents
user1: I know that made them proud of him.  He did pretty good for himself with their help.  
user2: Good enough to get a movie made about him. lol
user1: True.  And a sizeable contract with the NFL doesn't hurt either.
user1: It's been good chatting with you, I hope you have a good day.

conversation:
user1: Hello, how are 
user1: you doing?
user2: Hi!  I'm doing well, thanks!
user2: So, what did you think of the blind side?
user1: I love sports documentaries, so I favored this movie. How about you?
user2: It was quite good.  I'm not surprised it got such good reviews on Cinemascore
user1: Same here. It is a little odd that it got lower reviews on other platforms like Metacritic. I take it you like sports docs too?
user2: Yes, very much.  It's surprising how much adversity Oher had to overcome, don't you think?
user1: Yeah, It must've been really difficult on him. I wonder how he felt having to relive his experience through the movie. I don't know how I would handle it. 
user1: Did you like Sandra Bullock in the movie?
user2: Yeah, Bullock was great.  Although, she's a great actor so I think she does well in most of her roles
user1: Totally agree. Easy to see why the critics applauded her performance
user1: Any thoughts on any of the other actors? I had forgotten Tim McGraw was in the movie, haha
user2: I thought Quinton Aaron was very good, too.  
user2: It must have been tough to go through foster care so much, but I think it's good that Oher found something to latch on to in football.
user1: Yeah, he certainly excelled in it. I think he was able to apply his protective qualities in his personality to football
user2: Definitely.  He was also very lucky to finally find a good foster family.  It's super difficult to find a good family that cares about their foster kids.
user1: Yeah, I would imagine that it's hard. I feel like that's why it was such agood movie. Nothing seemed to be all that good in his life until he found a family that would treat him like one of their own
user2: What do you think of the idea of "protective instincts" and how it influenced Oher's behavior?
user1: I remember he ranked very high when he was taking his career test. It definitely translated well into his efforts in football. Do you think that helped his family as well?
user2: I'm sure it did.  It's ironic, though, that he has such strong protective instincts when he was abandoned by his mother. Do you think he was overcompensating?
user2: How did you feel about the scene where Collins adopts Oher?
user1: As for being overcompensating, that he was not. I think that was built naturally in him, where he was not consciously trying to do it.
user2: How did you feel about the scene where Collins adopts Oher?
user1: I think LeighAnne's friends were concerned that Collins would not be safe around him.
user1: I think that was probably a tough choice for the family to make as a whole.
user2: Do you think going to Ole Miss was a good decision?
user1: Yeah in the long run, he felt like he had family there. Do you think that he meant his mother at all in that choice?
user2: Probably not because she was a drug addict.  I think he was referring to his adopted family.
user2: How do you think the gang leader in his old town affected him?
user1: I think that was what grew his protective instincts even more. He was worried what might happen to his adoptive family when Leigh Anne and Collins were threatened by the gang leader. 
user1: Do you think he made the right decision to fight back?
user2: Yeah, definitely, you have to protect yourself!
user1: Absolutely, I think he felt more of a connection with his adoptive family than with his own!
user2: Definitely, and who wouldn't.  I don't understand why people are so connected to their blood relatives if they weren't around to be part of their family
user1: Yep. It seems like the Tuohy family accepted him and made him feel like he belonged there with him.
user1: Good conversation, thanks for chatting!

conversation:
user1: hello
user1: have you seen The Blind Side
user2: Hi! Yes I have. I loved it. What did you think of it?
user1: I really liked it however it has been a while.
user1: Sandra Bullock was great in it
user1: good story
user2: It has been awhile for me as well. I agree. I am a big fan of Tim McGraw, so I liked that he was in it as well.
user2: I was a great, touching story. I like inspirational movies like this one.
user1: yeah same 
user1: I liked the guy who played Big Mike 
user2: Yeah Quinton Aaron is a great actor, and I think he played the character well
user1: i hadn't heard of him before that
user2: I was surprised it only got moderately positive vies and only a score of 6.1 on rotten tomatoes
user2: Me either
user1: i guess i didn't remember that he had been in foster care
user2: It must have been so tough for Big Mike before he came to the Tuohy family
user1: but that makes sense
user1: yeah definitely. 
user2: Yeah it is so sad that kids have to go through that
user1: seemed like an unlikely match at first for him and the family
user2: I agree. Totally unlikely, but it changed all of their lives
user1: yep
user2: It is sad that other people judged him so much without really giving him a chance
user1: i agree 
user2: Leigh Anne was such a strong women. I loved her character
user1: unfortunately not too shocking because it's Tennessee
user2: Yeah that is very true. 
user2: I am glad Big Mike ended up where he did
user1: oh yeah i remember when he went to find his biological mom
user1: but yeah and i remember almost crying when he said he wanted to go to ole miss because thats where his family goes
user2: I remember that too. It was very emotional
user1: he truly deserves his NFL fame! 
user2: Agreed! He worked so hard to get where he did!

conversation:
user1: Hi!
user1: What did you think of this movie?
user2: HI
user2: I liked this movie
user2: How about you?
user1: I really liked it. I like movies that are based on a true story.
user2: That's my favorite kind of movie
user1: I also really liked the actors and actresses they chose for the characters. Good choices.
user2: Yes.  I like Sandra Bullock and the others as well.
user1: I'm a little surprised at the rating. I wouldn't typically watch a movie with a low rating like that from Rotten Tomatoes.
user2: I rarely pay attention to critics.
user2: I like to go by word of mouth
user1: That's probably smart
user2: I think almost any movie Sandra Bullock is in is good

conversation:
user2: Hi
user2: I hear that you have a good movie suggestion
user1: yes i do
user2: What is the name of the movie>
user1: the blindside
user2: ?
user1: the blindside is based on a true story
user2: The Blindside... would you recommend it ?
user2: That sound good. 
user1: yes  i would.  i love anything sandra bullock stars in
user2: Sandra Bullock rocks
user1: yes and if you a football fan you would enjoy it
user1:  do  u think u would want to see it so far
user2: Football you say.. instant winner (in the movie category)
user1: lol good
user2: would you happen to know if it is available on streaming services or DVD? 
user1: yes its available on dvd for sure and you can get it on netflix also
user2: Well sign me up.
user1: sure will....also the lil kid name SJ in the movie you are gonna love him. The little kid rocks
user2: I hear that you are a bit of an expert when it comes to the Blindside movie (more than myself). Is there anything else you could tell me about the movie that would cement my interest?
user2: is CJ Sandra Bullock character's child? 
user1: Yes if you are into movies where a kid grows up in a not so safe neighborhood and being adopted by a family of another race , and the foster kid defys alll odds and make it big time
user1: yes SJ is her bioliogical child in the movie but she adopts a black kid
user1: they teach the foster kid about being an offensive lineman in football by protecting little SJ
user2: who needs buddy-cop films
user2: So she (Sandra Bullock) adopt a foster child and teaches him football
user1: yes 
user1: its a stuggle at first for him to fit in...and he tries to go back and fnd his real mother in a bad area and sandra bulllock goes in the neighborhood like she aint scared and brings him back to her house.
user2: I am not sure what else we need to discuss. 
user2: Before I start watching this, is there any twists or plot point that will hook me until the end?
user2: plot points*
user1: well ole miss is the college that he ends up going to and his foster sister will be a cheearleader there at the same time...and its sandra bullock and her husband alma mater
user1: read up on the Tuohy family...thats who the movies is based on
user2: Sounds good. I am convinced.
user1: awsome
user2: It was a pleasure chatting to you
user1: do we press finish conversation?
user1: same to u
user2: I think so

conversation:
user2: Hey! Have you seen the movie "The Blind Side"?
user1: I have not, but I have heard great things about it.  Anything in specific you can tell me about it that makes it stand out?
user2: Well, It's based on a book, so you know its gotta be from a well told story
user1: That's for sure.  Do you know what it covers basically?
user2: Its a biography, so it covers a true story. It's about a football player with a rough childhood
user1: I'm assuming the football player overcomes a lot of adversity as an adult as well?
user2: The movie focuses more on his early life, and his life as a young adult
user1: Ah, that's good news to me..I'm not the hugest fan of the sports side of movies.  So it's more on him as a person than the actual football?
user2: Yeah, there's certainly football involved, but the movie is mainly about how he overcomes adversity with the help of people that come into his life
user1: Do you know if there is any tragedy in it?  I do love me some drama here and there.
user2: There's quite a bit of tragic happening. The football player's mother was a drug addict
user1: Ouch.  Do you know offhand who's starring in the movie?
user2: Sandra Bullock is the biggest star. Her performance was considered great
user1: Ah, she's a great actress.  Do you know if any awards were won by the movie?
user2: Not to my knowledge, however I know the scores the movie got. It has an A+ on CinemaScore
user1: That's a pretty admirable rating.  Do you know who directed it?
user2: John Lee Hancock did
user1: Him I don't know haha, but if he's working with Sandra he must be good.  In your opinion is this a family friendly movie?  Like would my 10 year old be able to enjoy it?
user2: I think that with parental guidance the film could definitely be suitable for young audiences. Depending on your opinion though, the themes of this movie could be too heavy for a child under 13
user1: Disregarding the themes, do you think it's a pretty easy movie to follow, even if you aren't a huge football fanatic?
user2: Yes, the plot doesn't focus on the football as much, so a knowledge of football isn't needed
user1: Awesome.  Do you happen to know approximately how long it is?
user2: No, I don't
user1: Ok, you've given me a ton of information anyway!  Do you know what it's rated?
user2: No, but I'd guess PG-13 at least, because of the heavier themes and the depictions of neglect
user1: That makes sense to me.  Do you know if any racism themes are covered at all?
user2: I know that the football player is taken in by an adoptive family. He is black, and they are white. Some of the adoptive mom's friends don't approve, so the movie definitely does tackle racism
user1: That's a great thing.  I don't want too much spoiled, but does it at least have a happy ending?
user2: Without spoiling anything, the football player is drafted into the NFL, you'd get that by googling his name, as this is a true story. The movie is more about his journey, and the hardships along the way.

conversation:
user1: Hi!
user2: Hi! I saw this great movie the other day that stars Sandra Bullock.
user1: How cool!  What's the name of the film?
user2: It's based on a book called The Blind Side. The movie has the same name. I highly recommend it.
user1: Can you tell me what it's about? It sounds interesting and I like Sandra Bullock!
user2: The story is about a child's impoverished upbringing.
user2: In the book he gets adopted and later in life become a pro football player.
user1: Awesome! I love films revolving around the subject of sports and overcoming harsh upbringings. Who else co-stars in it?
user2: Um... Quinton Aaron is the child. And Tim McGraw plays Sandra Bullock's wife.
user2: Rotten Tomatoes only gave it 6.1/10 but I would have rated it more like an 8.
user1: Really? Tim McGraw the country singer? I had no idea he acted! I'd love to see how he performs as an actor! 
user1: Often times, Rotten Tomatoes can't be relied upon so I'll take your personal rating over theirs.
user1: Do you know what other critics said about the film?
user2: Yeah; I didn't even realize it was Tim McGraw. He was great.Other critics liked it and especially liked Sandra Bullock's role. 
user2: The story is really great. The poor kid has been in all different foster families and keeps running away.
user1: Glad to hear that regarding the critics liking it and Santa's performance. That does sound sad in terms of his upbringing. Poor kid!
user2: Yeah, but the kid is big and athletic so his friend's dad gets him on a football team. 
user2: And then he makes friends with a kid named SJ.
user1: So cool! Who is SJ?
user2: SJ is the character who plays Sandra Bullock's kid. So that's how the athletic kid "mike" meets Leigh (Sandra Bullock).
user2: She eventually tries to become his legal guardian.
user2: it's very sweet.
user1: Oh okay! That makes sense and also makes the film even more appealing! Do you know who directed the film?
user2: Yeah; John Lee Hancock. I think he did a great job.
user1: It sounds like a great movie so I believe he did as well just based on what you're telling me. Anything else happen story wise worth noting?
user2: It's also sweet because the big kid is afraid to hurt other people until he realizes his job is to "protect" the quarterback. Then he feels it's important to use his abilities to protect him at all costs.
user1: That makes sense... And I see why it's called "The Blind Side" now!
user1: Do you know the big kid's character name?
user2: Yeah. I love sports movies like this. And feel good movies. So if you like that sort of thing you'd enjoy it. The kid's name is "Big Mike" Oher.
user2: I think it's based on a true story in the book.
user2: I guess he played for the Baltimore Ravens in real life.
user1: I'm in the same boat and definitely love sports and feel good movies as well. And wow, so it's a true story! That makes the film even more interesting!
user2: He plays so well he gets accepted to college. All good all around.
user1: I love stories like that and am certainly glad to hear he was able to get a college education and also play in the pros. That's overcoming all the odds!
user1: Anything else happen in the story?

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: The Movie is the Blind Side. It is about a young impoverished boy who was saved by a family and saw his potential of becoming a feat football player.
user2: I loved this movie....Sandra Bullock is one of the best
user2: the young man had it tough, but she made sure he succeeded

conversation:
user1: Hi! I just watched "The Blind Side" and I was really blown away by Quinton Aaron's performance!
user2: how do you like 
user2: did you watch 
user2: that was sports drama 
user1: Yes it's a sports drama movie. I'm not usually into sports but I felt that this movie was very heartfelt with great acting.
user2: Michael Oher (Quinton Aaron), a homeless black teen, has drifted in and out of the school system for years. 
user1: Yes, that's what it was about. I was really suprised at how the critics downplayed this movie. I thought they'd like it more.
user2:  a homeless and traumatized boy who became an All American football player and first round NFL draft pick with the help of a caring woman and her family.
user2: what thing you like most i
user2: in this drama serial
user2: Based on a book by journalist Michael Lewis chronicling the real Oher’s experiences, this film manages to inspire despite its broad-strokes approach to characterization.
user1: I really enjoyed seeing how his mom struggled to support him throughout his childhood.
user2: yes
user2: that was lesson for all
user2: in which year that has released
user2: i think 2009
user1: The movie was released in 2009. I remember a lot of publicity around it.
user2: and how much business they earbed
user1: I'm not really sure how much they made with the movie. I believe it was pretty popular among audiences. So I'm sure it did fairly well financially.
user2: and i read this film was recieved many positive reviews
user2: what most you like in this movie
user1: I got very emotionally involved in watching Michael struggle through high school.
user2: hello
user2: yes i also impressed
user2: do you like the cast?
user2: i think people who love sports like much
user1: The cast was amazing and really worked well together. I could really feel a bond between the entire family especially Sandra Bullock and Quinton Aaron.
user2: because it relted to sports
user2: The Blind Side” was a massive box office hit, beloved by both critics and the viewing public. The movie raked in $300 million, earned an Oscar nod for best picture, and clinched Sandra Bullock, who starred in the film, 
user1: Well I feel like the sports themes themselves were toned down somewhat and it was more like a general family drama.
user2: yes i know
user2: this is family drama
user1: Yes. I think seeing how Michael finally settled down with this family after all of the foster care drama was especially uplifting.
user2: what rate would you gave to this drama
user2: i belive it could get 7 out of 10
user1: I'd probably rate it a 9. I just couldn't get it out of my head after watching it!
user2: how was this conversation
user2: do you like
user1: I'm not sure which conversation you mean. There were many heartfelt conversations in the movie. A lot of them involved Michael. I remember one specific one where Leigh Anne was explaining how gentle Michael was.
user2: i am taking out conversation
user2: about the film
user1: Our conversation is going well. I enjoy hearing different viewpoints.
user2: it was fine and all section of the film we cover
user2: is anything special in this drama
user2: which make them unique
user1: Well it's unique for its story. I'm not sure how I would set it apart from other dramas. I just feel it was very heartfelt and emotional. I like that there wasn't too much football content per se as I'm not really into sports much.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello, 
user2: How are you today?
user1: I thought you would like to see a movie, called the Blind side, have you heard of it?
user2: Isn't that the movie with Jennifer Anniston?
user1: No its the one with, Sandra Bullock, Tim McGraw, the biography of the football player who came from nothing and became a great linebacker.
user2: I love biographies.  Was the movie faithful to how things actually happened or did they change up stuff 
user1: It was really inspirational and worth watching. It was taking this child from homeless, and being adopted by a caring family and raising him up to become something great inside and out.
user1: A real feel good movie and I am sure we need those today?
user2: I like those kinds of movies.  Sounds very inspirational
user1: It really was and one of those that are funny too. Alot of funny stuff from being in foster homes and then moving in with his last foster family.
user1: He was a big ole boy. Also was african american and was being fostered by this white family. He would stand by his foster mom and just tower her. But she kept him in line.
user2: How did the story end?
user1: He went onto become a player in the NFL for the Ravens
user2: w
user2: What did the critics think about the movie?
user1: They of course found it average. But I am not a fan of sport biographies, but this one was inspirational because they showed the pre-struggle.
user2: Didn't Sandra Bullock win an award?
user1: During his highschool days, he had to get a tutor and his mother helped coach him. She taught him how to protect his player. He started to make some real life loving connections.
user1: I am not real sure, but she did get alot of praise on her performance. 
user1: I hope if you haven't seen it you might want to. 
user2: I will definitely consider it.  Was there any romance?  I love romantic movies
user1: No, not really just alot of a child, becoming an adult through adversities and a family coming to love him. Shape him into a good person that he really was.4
user1: Do you like a good nice movies story line?
user1: Makes me all happy. 
user2: Did it have a happy ending?  Not all biographical movies do.
user1: At one point he runs away to find his bilogical mother and of course that turns out to be a turning point of finding who really loves you and what you want out of life. 
user1: So he uses that strength and plays better and become a nfl player..still thinks he plays to this day.
user1: I am a big fan of it. Hope you get to watch it.
user1: hello?
user1: The name of the movie was called the Blindside the year was 2009 incase you need it?
user2: It think I will see the movie
user2: Is he still playing for the team?  Did he get his happily ever after in real life?
user1: wow that is great. yes, he is still playing and having a happy ending.
user1: still his family is a big part of it too. 
user1: that is what makes it so enduring i think?
user1: what do you think?
user2: Yes.  Did he like the movie?  
user1: Im not sure, but he did have a great life. YOu have a great day.. thanks for the conversation.

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: How are you today?
user1: I am ok, how are you?
user2: Movie paragraphs are not showing
user1: OK
user1: It is the blindside
user1: I dont think they are suposed to show for you. I have them and am supposed to act as though ive seen it
user2: Yes I know, what is it about?
user1: ok
user1: I ironically have not seen it
user2: Is the script telling you about the story?
user1: It gives a general overveiw and critics ratings
user1: it is an autobiagraphy about a football player
user2: Tell me about the story.
user1: its about michael oher who ended up with the baltimore ravens
user2: The main character came from impoverished roots and was nutured by an elite family.
user1: yes that is the main part of the plot
user2: What challenges did he face?
user1: He was in many different foster homes his mother had drug addiction
user2: Is the story about him overcoming these challenges?
user1: yes he had poor carreer aptitude, and was slow to learn football
user1: he needed the help of a tutor for his grades
user2: He did become a 1st round pick of the Baltimore Ravens.
user2: So he got the help he needed to succeed.
user1: hes i belive that is what happened
user2: How was his professional career?
user1: im not really sure other than playing for baltimore ravens
user2: I believe he was very good.
user1: ok
user2: What was his adopted family like?
user1: the woman was an interior designer and wife of wealthy buisnessman
user1: her friends thought it may not be safe to have him living with them
user2: So he was introduce to high society.
user1: yes i guesss that is one side
user2: His future was shaped by her intervention.
