wiki document:
cast:
Robert Downey Jr. as Tony Stark / Iron Man
Chris Evans as Steve Rogers / Captain America
Mark Ruffalo as Bruce Banner / Hulk
Chris Hemsworth as Thor, the crown prince of Asgard. 
Scarlett Johansson as Natasha Romanoff / Black Widow
Jeremy Renner as Clint Barton / Hawkeye

critical response:
Whedon and his cohorts have managed to stir all the personalities and ingredients together so that the resulting dish, however familiar, is irresistibly tasty again.
 Like a superior, state-of-the-art model built from reconstituted parts, Joss Whedon's buoyant, witty and robustly entertaining superhero smash-up is escapism of a sophisticated order, boasting a tonal assurance and rich reserves of humor that offset the potentially lumbering and unavoidably formulaic aspects of this 143-minute team-origin story. 
Ruffalo is the revelation, turning Banner into a wry reservoir of calm ready to become a volcano
His Iron Man is certainly a team player, but Mr. Downey comes to the party with two insuperable superpowers: a character of established sophistication the industrialist/inventor Tony Stark, a sharp-tongued man of the world and his own quicksilver presence that finds its finest expression in self-irony. 

director:
Joss Whedon

genre:
Drama, Superhero

introduction:
Marvel's The Avengers is a 2012 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.1 It is the sixth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The film was written and directed by Joss Whedon and features an ensemble cast that includes Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson, Jeremy Renner, Tom Hiddleston, Clark Gregg, Cobie Smulders, Stellan Skarsga rd, and Samuel L. Jackson. In the film, Nick Fury, director of the peacekeeping organization S.H.I.E.L.D., recruits Iron Man, Captain America, the Hulk, and Thor to form a team that must stop Thor's brother Loki from subjugating Earth.

movie name:
The Avengers

rating:
Rotten Tomatoes: 92% and average: 8/10
Metacritic Score: 69/100
CinemaScore: A+

year:
2012

description:
The Asgardian Loki encounters the Other, the leader of an extraterrestrial race known as the Chitauri. In exchange for retrieving the Tesseract, a powerful energy source of unknown potential, the Other promises Loki an army with which he can subjugate Earth. Nick Fury, director of the espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D., and his lieutenant Agent Maria Hill arrive at a remote research facility during an evacuation, where physicist Dr. Erik Selvig is leading a research team experimenting on the Tesseract. Agent Phil Coulson explains that the object has begun radiating an unusual form of energy. The Tesseract suddenly activates and opens a wormhole, allowing Loki to reach Earth. Loki takes the Tesseract and uses his scepter to enslave Selvig and a couple of other agents, including Clint Barton, to aid him in his getaway. 
The Avengers become divided, both over how to approach Loki and the revelation that S.H.I.E.L.D. plans to harness the Tesseract to develop weapons as a deterrent against hostile extraterrestrials. As the group argues, Barton and Loki's other possessed agents attack the Helicarrier, disabling one of its engines in flight and causing Banner to transform into the Hulk. Stark and Rogers work to restart the damaged engine, and Thor attempts to stop the Hulk's rampage. Romanoff fights Barton, and knocks him unconscious, breaking Loki's mind control. Loki escapes after killing Coulson and ejecting Thor from the airship, while the Hulk falls to the ground after attacking a S.H.I.E.L.D. fighter jet. Fury uses Coulson's death to motivate the Avengers into working as a team. Stark and Rogers realize that for Loki, simply defeating them will not be enough; he needs to overpower them publicly to validate himself as ruler of Earth. Loki uses the Tesseract, in conjunction with a device Selvig built, to open a wormhole above Stark Tower to the Chitauri fleet in space, launching his invasion. 
Rogers, Stark, Romanoff, Barton, and Thor rally in defense of New York City, the wormhole's location. Banner arrives and transforms into the Hulk, and together the Avengers battle the Chitauri while evacuating civilians. The Hulk finds Loki and beats him into submission. Romanoff makes her way to the wormhole generator, where Selvig, freed from Loki's mind control, reveals that Loki's scepter can be used to shut down the generator. Meanwhile, Fury's superiors from the World Security Council attempt to end the invasion by launching a nuclear missile at Midtown Manhattan. Stark intercepts the missile and takes it through the wormhole toward the Chitauri fleet. The missile detonates, destroying the Chitauri mothership and disabling their forces on Earth. Stark's suit runs out of power, and he falls back through the wormhole just as Romanoff closes it. Stark goes into freefall, but the Hulk saves him from crashing into the ground. In the aftermath, Thor returns Loki and the Tesseract to Asgard, while Fury expresses confidence that the Avengers will return if and when they are needed. 

conversation:
user1: Do you like superhero movies>
user2: Love them. Do you like dc or marvel more?
user1: Marvel is my jam! But the avengers are pretty cool. :)
user2: Are you excited about infinity wars?
user1: Absolutely! If it's anything like the first one, it'll be great. Plus I don't think Joss Whedon can do any wrong lol.
user2: Me either. He did such a good job with avengers. If he had failed their is no way they would be releasing infinity wars in may 
user1: Yep. The only thing I really didn't think would work is having Robert JR be part of a team. He seems to be more of a lone wolf type.
user2: He is the leader of the pack. I really dont think the averages would be as popular as it is if he wasn't the leader of the team 
user1: This is true too
user2: Who is your favorite member from the first avengers?
user1: Thor lol. I've always liked the character in the comics so i was really excited to see it played out in a movie.
user1: WBU?
user2: Love thor even more now after his third movie. My favorite is captain america. Hes the most interesting character to me 
user2: Which member do you dislike?
user1: Black widow. Her character just didn't pop for some reason
user2: Same here. I feel as they could've done without her. Do you think she should have her own movie?
user1: Maybe. It would help build her character up and she wouldn't seem as flat 
user2: marvel movies dont flop but i feel as if her would flop. 
user2: How do you feel about loki?
user1: I like his character. Thats what i named my dog lol
user2: I love that lol. I wish they would make a movie about him
user2: Is it weird to you that the avengers has such a high critic rating? most critics dont like super hero movies
user1: I was just looking at that. I thought that was weird too lol. It's got some pretty big actors in it though so maybe they're fans lol.
user2: How do you feel about hawkeye?
user2: hello?
user2: still there?

conversation:
user2: hi
user2: Marvel's The Avengers is a 2012 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt DisneyStudios Motion Pictures
user1: Hello. How are you? I am not entirely sure about what question to ask, so I'll just ask: do you think the critics were fair in their critique of the movie?
user1: I agree with them that Ruffalo was great in the movie. 
user2: I agree them great in the Avengers  movie. 
user1: I think the cast was top-notch. 
user2: no
user1: You don't think so?
user2: y
user1: Downey JR, Chris Evans, Ruffalo, Hemsworth, Johnasson are amazing actors
user2: yes,the Avengers teams are very good
user1: Do you agree with the ratings of the movie?
user1: I think all 3 were fair!
user1: What do you think about the key scene?
user2: so good 
user1: What do you think is the best part of the scene?
user2: Thor's brother Loki from subjugating earth
user1: Do you think the Genre should be Drama
user2: yes,this rigth
user1: I agree
user1: What do you think about the second scene?
user1: How did the avengers become divided?
user2: Some emotions
user1: What kind of emotions?
user2: finest expression
user1: I can agree with that
user2: rich reserves of humor
user1: What do you think about the 3rd scene?
user2: that good
user2: What do you think about the defense of the team
user1: I think they have a strong defense to beat the Chitauri invaders. 
user1: Where did Thor take the Tesseract to?
user2: I can agree
user2: What do you think about the 4th scene?

conversation:
user2: Hey
user1: Hi
user2: How’s it going?
user1: Pretty good. Are you a Marvel fan?
user2: Good to hear. Sure, what about you?
user1: Yes, I am a huge Marvel fan. One of my favorites is the Avengers. Mark Ruffalo is great as The Hulk. 
user2: Sure, I liked the Avengers a lot.
user2: I also think Ruffalo is a great Hulk.
user2: Is Avengers the movie we’re supposed to talk about?
user1: Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 92% rating and average of 8/10. Yes, I believe so. 
user2: Okay then. Right, I’ve always experiened that IMDB gives movies a lower average rating than rotten tomatoes.
user1: Tha
user1: That's true
user2: But I guess 92 and 80 are a fair assesment.
user1: Yeah, I think Joss Whedon was a good choice for director also. His vision was really inline with the comics. 
user2: Well, I can’t speak for the comics (haven’t read them), but this movie is a great mashup of all the heroes and their stories.
user2: I guess it’s just a very good movie with an amazing plot.
user1: I agree. 
user1: Loki using Clint Barton to help him with the Tesseract was awesome too. I like him even though he's a bad guy
user2: Right, that was a great scene.
user2: Loki’s a likable villain I’d say.
user1: It was interesting how it caused such a riff within The Avengers. Thor still felt like he had loyalty to him for a long time during the movie. 
user2: You think?
user2: I thought he was pretty ruthless with him.
user2: That’s just my opinion obviously.
user1: I can see that somewhat but he could have done a lot more damage if he wanted to. 
user2: Do you have a specific example on mind?
user1: The end fight scene definitely was. He could have killed him. 
user2: Oh, the one where Hulk ends up hitting him?
user1: Yeah, that was classic. One of the funniest moments of the movie. I also liked when Iron Man fell back through the wormhole. It had everyone on edge I think. 
user2: Absolutely. Epic scenes.
user2: Can we talk about other movies or just this one?
user2: You know, MCU
user1: I also like the way Nick Fury stood his ground with the Council. Just this one. 
user2: Understood.
user2: Yeah, Fury’s great too.
user2: So, any final thoughts?
user1: It's crazy that the Council wanted him to drop a nuclear missile into New York. 
user2: Great examples, man.
user2: It was great talking to another MCU fan.
user2: Take care now!
user1: Definitely! You too!

conversation:
user2: HI
user1: Hey there.
user2: HOW IS MOVIE
user1: I don't know. I don't have the document with the movies name. What is the movie's title?
user1: Do you have the document?
user2: AVENGERS
user2: CHARACTERS ARE VERY INTERESTINGS
user2: YA I HAVE DOCUMENT
user1: Oh cool! I really liked the first two movies. 
user2: REALLY
user1: Is it the same cast of characters? Iron Man? Thor? Black Widow? Captain America?
user2: MISSING HULK NAME
user1: Oh yeah! Forgot about the Hulk. Does it say what the movie is going to be about? Like the plot?
user2: TONY STARK ACTING IS VERY AMAZING
user1: I agree! Robert Downey Jr. is a good actor. 
user1: What is this new Avengers movie about?
user2: DO U LIKE HIM
user1: I do.
user2: ME ALSO
user1: Does the document describe who the enemy is?
user2: S 
user2: WHO IS THAT PERSON
user1: Who is the enemy in the movie?
user2: ILOKI
user2: LOKI
user1: Ah I see! Thor's brother. Have you seen the first two films?
user2: HE IS THE LEADER OF AN CHITAURI
user1: When will the movie be released?
user2: YA I SAW
user2: 2012
user1: Did it receive good reviews?
user2: U ALSO AH

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: Hi, Do you think  this movie earned its 92& rotten tomatoes rating?
user2: Yes, I think it did, it was a great movie.  What do you think of Robert Downey Jr in that role?

conversation:
user1: This movie has all the great actors!
user1: I like the mix of all the classic heroes and Thor
user2: THE TALK VERY NICE
user1: yes
user2: THE MARVELS IS A2012 AMERICAN FILM BASED
user1: Chris Hemsworth is excellent in action movies and so is Scarlet Johnason
user1: It is based on Marvels comics
user1: I never thought it would be entertaining for adult but it actually is 

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: HI
user2: Zootopia have u see this movie
user2: hello

conversation:
user2: Hello?
user1: Hi, the movie is the avengers from 2012
user2: Sounds great! Who starred in the movie?
user1: It stars robert downey jr as tony stark/iron man. And chris hemsworth as thor. With a rating of 92% on rotten tomatoes, it's a movie you should see
user2: That sounds like it's really good. Is this a sequel?
user1: Cinemascore also gave it a A+. Some critics call is formulaic and familiar but Joss Whedon was able to stir all the personalities and make it tasty again
user2: That's great. Did Joss Whedon direct it as well?
user1: I don't know anything about a sequel only the 2012 The Vengers movie. Yes Joss Whedon is the director.
user2: Any idea how much it made in the box office?
user1: It's part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, the 6th film. And it was distributed by Walt Disny Studio Motion Pictures. 
user1: No, I don't know how much it made at the box office. But it has a powerful energy source called the Tesseract in it. 
user2: What month in 2012 did it release?
user1: I don't know the month, just that it was released in 2012.
user2: Gotcha. Sounds like a really great movie.
user1: It has Thor's brother Loki who is trying to subjugate the earth with an army.
user2: Who is Loki played by?
user1: I don't know the actor that plays Loki.
user2: Is Hulk in it?
user1: But I can tell you that in the movie shield wants to harness the tesserect to build weapons. And the hulk is in it. He's played by Mark Ruffalo
user2: Are Shield basically the bad guys?
user1: He actually transforms into the Hulk while arguing with the group.
user2: Does Hulk fight with the group at all?
user1: Well Shield wants to develop a weapon that acts as a deterrant to hostile extraterrestrials. 
user2: Oh gotcha. So Shield works with the Avengers team?
user1: When the other avengers stark, romanoff, barton, thor and roger go to defend New York City. Banner comes and transforms to the Hulk, and fights the Chitauri with them.
user1: The hulk also beats Loki into submission.
user2: Who is the character Stark? Which superhero is he?
user1: While Shield wants to defend against extraterrestrials, Nick Fury's superiors want to end the Chitauri invasion by bombing Manhattan.
user1: Stark is Tony Stark also known as Iron Man. He's played by Robert Downey Jr. 
user2: Oh nice, I love him.
user2: Who plays Nick Fury?
user1: In the movie stark intercepts the missile that the Fury's superiors sent, and takes it into a wormhole. 
user1: I don't know the actor that plays Nick Fury.
user2: So Nick Fury works for Shield?
user1: But Nick is the director of Shield.
user2: Oh I see. How many Avengers are there exactly?
user1: There are 6 avengers, Hawkeye, Black Widow, Thor, Iron Man, The Hulk and Captain America.
user1: Also Shield is a peacekeeping organization.
user2: What does Captain America do, what's his skill?
user1: And The Avengers are recruited by Nick Fury.
user1: I don't know Captain America's exact skills, but he does help defend New York City.
user2: Does it all take place in New York City?
user1: No, some of it take place at a remote research facility. Some on a Helicarrier, and Loki comes out of a wormhole. 

conversation:
user1: Hey, have you seen The Avengers? It's a pretty good movie, you should check it out if you like Robert Downey Jr.
user2: YES, I KNOW AND ALSO I LIKE THE MOVIE
user1: It's really great what Mark Ruffalo did as Bruce Banner/The Hulk, making him so calm yet ready to become a volcano don't you think?
user2: Yes, I think so
user1: I'm not always a big Joss Whedon fan, but he did a good job with the humor to spice up the team origin story. Were you surprised that it worked with so many characters?
user2: Strictly, this may be his main potential
user1: I would say Robert Downey Jr. is also playing to his potential here, with his sharp tongue and sophistication. Who was your favorite character?
user2: Robert Downey is my favorite favorite CHARACTER
user1: Did you think he made a good leadership figure of the Avengers or did anybody else stand out to you more that way?
user2: No, he is right
user1: That opening with the Tesseract escape was pretty cool, setting the tone for the movie.
user2: MAY BE That was the reason for the film's success
user1: Yeah, it was pretty surprising when Hawkey got enslaved so early in the movie though.
user2: It refers to  image capture skills
user2: PLEASE CHAT ME FAST
user1: I'm not sure about that, but Nick Fury is always so cool. Too bad the bad guys always have to get one up on them.
user2: It's their nature and it's impossible
user1: I guess so. I wonder what the deal is with the leader of those Chitauri? Very mysterious.
user2: It was a mystery to the last
user1: For this film at least I guess. It was pretty sad when Coulson died. Did that scene get you?
user2: There is a glimpse of seeing
user1: Yeah, at least it brought the Avengers together finally, no need for them to be fighting each other the whole time.
user2: There is no need
user1: Absolutely. Beat on Loki, like the Hulk did. Who kicked the most butt do you think?
user2: I think so
user1: I loved that Hulk saved Iron Man when he was falling, such a great moment.
user2: I like Hulk too
user1: Yeah he's the best. It's great that the whole team had to work together to save the day in the end, don't you think?
user2: I knew and I thought
user1: There were certainly some high stakes with that nuclear missile heading for New York.

conversation:
user1: hey
user1: so are we ready to talk about this movie?
user2: Yes..
user1: Ok well overall I thought this movie was pretty good.
user2: Its very action movie, I like this movie so much 
user1: yea, it actually does a nice job of giving all of the characters stuff to do and doesn't feel like to much is going on
user2: Yes., Its all are done a good job..I Saw this movie in 4 times..
user1: ive seen it quite a few times also
user2: okay,,.who is director of the movie??
user1: joss whedon
user1: he doesn't do marvel movies now he's moved on
user2: Okay thanks for your information..
user1: no problem, i feel like this movie really launched chris hemsworth as a big deal 
user2: Yes sure..Its really big deal on Chris hemsworth
user1: i also think this movie has kind of served as a template for newer super hero movies
user1: the all star cast really helped too 
user1: not sure you could do a movie better than this one for this style
user2: Yeah..but previous super hero acting is very well and adorable..
user1: well all depends on the movie
user1: this movie also may have done the best job out there on getting the hulk right
user2: Yes..Hulk act is marvelous in this movie
user1: it also does a nice job of making iron man a leader
user1: overall just a really good display of the characters
user2: Yes..Its all super heroes action equally displayed
user1: yea it works out pretty well
user1: i feel like this is kind of the super hero movie that does it all right
user2: Yes.. really 
user1: hopefully they keep getting it right
user2: Yeah..when you watch this movie??

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hello
user1: What do you think about the movie?
user2: action is very goood
user2: i like that moviee
user1: I thought Mr. Downey did a job playing Iron Man
user2: which character would you like that movie
user1: Iron Man was my favorite character.
user2: okey
user1: Who was your favorite character?
user2: i too like iron man
user1: I thought it was cool when Loki opened the worm hole. 
user2: i cannot understand
user1: What was your favorite part of the movie?
user2: action
user2: i like comedy and action movies 
user2: but my most favourtie action movies
user1: I like action movies too
user2: yeah okey...
user2: how many movies go to per month 
user1: 2
user2: okey
user1: Do you like The Hulk?
user2: yes hulk is my most favourite character
user1: Loki is my favorite villain 
user2: okey
user1: Do you like Thor?
user2: no
user2: i dont like
user1: Did you like the end of the movie? 
user2: yeah
user1: It was a good battle
user2: yeah
user1: I'm glad The Hulk saved Iron Man
user1: Do you agree with the rating of this movie?

conversation:
user2: Hello how are you?
user1: Hi
user2: Do you like superhero movies?
user1: Yes, I do. By the way, can you see the article of the movie? I cannot.

conversation:
user2: hello there
user1: I really did like this movie, Robert Downey Jr. is one of my all time favorite actors along with Mark Ruffalo. 
user2: yeah me too
user2: he is doing some crazy things
user2: best genius superhero in marvel
user1: I agree and i hope that in the later ones that spider-man will show an appearance. 
user1: and dead pool of course. 
user1: I do not think that i have fully watched the film from beginning to end though. i have seen the movies entirety just not all in one sitting sadly. 
user2: yes
user2: deadpool is my favorite character
user1: It also did very well in the ratings surprised that with the Metacritic Score was that low honestly. 
user2: i recently watched the deadpool 2 traier
user1: considering every thing else is 80% or more 
user2: yes that movie scored well
user1: I am very excited about the deadpool 2 movie as well
user1: So what exactly does S.H.I.E.L.D stand for do you know?
user1: I am assuming it is shield because Captain America is the leader correct? But it is an cranium so what do the individual letters stand for? 
user2: yes 
user2: captain america is the leader
user2: i don't know about  SHIELD stands for
user2: do you know THANOS stands for
user1: No i dont think so
user2: 6 gem stones are stands for his names
user2: totally 6 infinity stones
user1: interesting 
user2: he was the biggest villain in upcoming avengers infinity war movie
user2: he has the power of 6 infinity stones
user1: Ah. I have heard good things about that movie so far. 
user2: so no one can't kill hhim
user2: that movie will be released in 2 months
user1: So the character Loki he is the Villain correct?
user1: My roomate has a cat named Loki
user2: wow interesting
user1: Isnt there a relation between Loki and Thor since they are both "gods"/
user2: loki is the brother of thor
user2: thor is only the god
user1: Okay i thought so but was not entirely sure. 
user2: he was the god of thunder
user2: but loki was a traitor
user1: interesting 
user2: ok bro. we have enough talk
user2: lets finish this chat
user1: sounds Good. 
user2: thank you for your valuable time

conversation:
user1: Hello! Anyone there?
user2: Hello! Yes
user2: The movie is a drama,superhero movie starring big actors like Robert Downey jr. as Iron Man and Chris Evans as Captain America
user1: Is it the Avengers? I love Marvel Comics!
user2: Yes it is, the 2012 Avengers made by Marvel Comics.
user1: I'd definitely watch that again. Who's your favorite character?
user2: It's Nick Fury, the director of S.H.I.E.L.D
user2: I  love how he manages to assemble the superheroes and defeat the villain.
user1: Unique choice! I think my favorite is Iron Man. I love Tony Stark's bad boy attitude and Robert Downey is awesome.
user2: I agree
user2: Do you generally watch movies based on ratings?
user1: Sometimes I do - it depends. I go to Rotten Tomatoes a lot, but if I've already made up my mind to see a movie, I just do. 
user1: Like if it's a Stars Wars movie, I will always see it, no matter what the critics say.
user2: This movie has 92% on Rotten Tomatoes and a metacritic score of 69/100. Do you agree with these scores?
user1: I definitely do. It's very well made, and that Metacritic score is pretty good considering MC scores are usually skewed lower.
user2: One of the key scenes in the movie is when Loki shows his desire for destruction by making a deal with the Chitauri.
user1: Agreed. I like Loki as a character; he's three-dimensional, not just a cookie-cutter villain. I'm also happy with how they've developed Thor.
user2: This deal is made on the promise that he will give them the Tesseract, one of the most poweful energy sources.
user1: Not as powerful as the Infinity Gauntlet, though! That's going to be killer in this next film.
user2: I also liked the scene when the Avengers become divided of their different opinions on how to deal with the imminent threat. 
user1: That's the coolest part about the team - they're all human, and they all butt heads, just like humans do. It makes them relatable and down to earth.
user2: I think it gives the the opportunity to show their acting skills. Do you agree?
user1: Definitely do. I also think it gives each actor a chance to really dig down into their character's motivations.
user2: When you watch the movie, note that Loki character is build in a way in which for him, simply defeating the Avengers will never be enough.
user1: Well he is the god of trickery in a sense, so he's always going to want something more.
user2: Were you excited when Stark's suit ran out of power?
user2: I liked that part, because it made me believe he was gone.
user1: That's always a nice point of tension because his reactor keeps him alive, too. That's why I loved the first Iron Man movie so much, too. His situation is precarious, and you forget that.
user2: Also, there was a scene I didn't really enjoy. It was when the Hulk beat Loki so easily. It seemed a bit unrealistic.
user1: Yeah, I agree. I mean Hulk is incredibly strong, but Loki is a GOD! It shouldn't be one sided.
user2: But in general, the whole movie was awesome and I think the ending was the best. 

conversation:
user1: Hi. Just looking at this now.
user2: Hola, ando leyendo
user1: Who played Hawkeye?
user2: hey let me remember that
user1: What role did Robert Downey Jr play?
user1: Ok, so I am looking for Robert Downey Jr. 's role and who played Hawkeye. Do you know? 
user2: is one of the main characters of the plot
user1: Do you know who wrote and directed 'The Avengers?'
user2: 	Stan Lee and Jack Kirby
user1: Joss Whedon
user2: The publisher Marvel Comics
user2: oh !
user1: Do you know the Rotten Tomatoes score?
user2: no, tell me about that
user2: tell me that you know about this movie
user1: 92% with an average of 8/10 interesting
user1: Do you know who Thor's brother is in this film?
user2: really no, i dont know tell me that
user1: Loki. The team of Captain America, The Hulk, and Thor, along with Iron Man are trying to stop Loki.
user2: you here?
user1: Mark Ruffalo played the Hulk. Did yo know that?
user2: ah, I understand it's quite complex and the three main characters have a mission
user1: I liked the movie because of the mission you mention. Did you like it?
user2: I'm just reading about it
user1: Ok
user2: I'm really interesting and it's a classic
user1: I guess a wormhole opened to let Loki through to the Earth.
user1: The wormhole is called aTesseract. That's hard to say and spell.
user2: that hole that he found was quite exciting
user1: A movie critic said the the Hulk was played like he was a reservoir of calm but then became a Volcano. I agree.
user1: 143 minutes for a movie is long these days
user1: are you there and reading the document. Tell me about your impression of how long the movie is please
user2: i understand
user2: why let chat
user2: just i lose my conexion

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: Hey, have you seen the avengers?
user2: I do not have the paragraph
user2: And yes I have!
user1: ah ok the paragraph is on the avengers
user1: I think you should give it another watch so you can appreciate it even more.
user2: ok great I was going to ask about it
user2: yeah I would want to anywyas before the new movie come sout
user2: I do not remember everything from the previous ones
user1: yeah that's a good idea for a refresher
user1: what questions do you have about it?
user2: what aspects of the movie do you personally think were its strengths and likewise for its wekanesses?
user1: I thought the plot was a strength. It was about how Loki makes it to earth and tries to take the Tesseract
user1: I thought it made the movie exciting
user1: I also thought the cast was a strength
user1: lots of big names like robert downey jr. and scarlett johansson
user2: I personally thought the same about the plot and definitely agree about the cast
user2: I believe marvel cast the perfect people for their roles
user1: Yeah it's basically how I imagined they would be
user1: surprisingly one of the rating websites only ranked it 69/100
user2: along the lines of plot do you think one would need to watch the first avengers to see the second or third?
user2: yeah i believe critics do not really appreciate marvel movies
user1: I dont know if it's necessary per se, but I do think it would be a big help
user2: they are more of the peoples movies
user1: One of the biggest appeals of the avengers is that its a lot of action and superheroes and you can generally pick up on the plot quickly
user1: the only thing you might not get is some inside jokes from the previous movies
user2: Do you think that is why they appeal to large audiences and garner the biggest box offices?
user1: and perhaps you might not understand about S.H.I.E.L.D that much
user1: Yeah I think the quality of the movie is really good
user1: and the general public likes superheroes
user1: also the cast is good looking
user2: I definitely do not know much about s.h.i.e.l.d
user2: and yes superheros are very public friendly
user1: another thing is that the setting is mostly in new york city, which is nice because it makes it more relatable as opposed to a made up city
user1: like you can see hulk and loki fighting on the streets
user1: it's pretty cool
user2: Ah yes people would relate to it
user2: definitely helps keep audiences interested.
user2: I will probably rewatch the avengers

conversation:
user1: HEY...
user2: hi
user1: What movie you want to talk about?....
user2: i got the article for the avengers
user1: yeah i did
user2: the ratings seem really good 8 out of 10
user1: yeah it's not bad at all
user1: so did you watch it?....
user2: yea superhero movies i think pretty cool
user1: yeah i like them
user1: any other movies u like?
user2: i like action movies iron man plays a huge role
user1: that movie was good too
user1: Love wonder woman
user1: it was a great movie
user2: joss whedon did a great job as the director
user1: what do u think of wonder woman?..
user1: yes she did
user2: ita good movie because its so familiar
user1: i which wonder woman got a Ocars Award
user1: i really enjoy that movie
user2: yea this movie is really good its one of those movies that you just want to keep watching 
user1: if part two on the making definitely i will be going to watching it
user1: that's so true
user2: yes with all the new super heroes it would be interesting
user1: have u seen black panther?.... i heard it really good
user2: what do you think of when furry used the death to encourage the avengers
user1: it was sick, was on point......
user2: yea that sure got them motivated
user1: yeah
user2: yea the hulk catching iron man was great
user2: the hulk kicks butt
user1: that part was sick i laugh so hard
user1: hw old r u if . u don't mind me asking?
user2: I'm 24 you?
user1: 25
user2: do you watch a lot of movies?
user1: sometimes wen i have the time
user1: are u a woman r man?
user2: yea i hear ya man you?
user1: woman
user2: cool
user1: nice talking to about the movies 
user1: talking
user1: bye
user2: do like horror movies?
user2: bye
user1: sometimes i do
user2: good talking to you

conversation:
user2: What was your favorite part about Avengers?
user1: I liked the origin aspect to it, how the team all came together

conversation:
user1: Hello did you read the document on Avengers?
user2: Indubitably.
user1: great and what do you think about the movie?
user1: I myself really enjoyed the movie and really like Thor in this movie
user2: Tony Stark, played by Robert Downey Jr. sounds like the alpha leader character along with Banner who seems to be bi-polar, I think creates quite and interesting cast
user1: yeah Robert Downey plays a great Iron Man with the correct amount of sarcasm for sure
user2: I wonder why metacritic gave ti such a low score compared to other critics
user2: *it
user1: not sure unless they are just very bias when It comes to superhero movies
user2: that could be. there are a lot of big names actors in it. seems like you couldn't go wrong with such a big star cast
user1: and that could by why they picked it apart a bit more since they had some many A list actors
user2: The Tesseract sounds like it could be a rather cliche "source of power" that the bad guy tries to get
user2: might warrant a lower score if it follows archetypes to a tee

conversation:
user1: Hi! Did you see The Avengers?
user2: I did see the Avengers,  yes.
user1: What did you think of it having all those superheroes?
user1: Hello?

conversation:
user2: The Avengers was rated highly on Rotten Tomatoes so it must be good.
user1: I think the avengers movie isn't the best of marvel's movies myself but i do love thor and loki and can't forget ironman
user2: Yeah Robert Downey Jr. plays Iron Man really well
user2: I also enjoy Chris Evans as Captain America
user1: oh yes there is no other to be able to play ironman better
user1: yes he is really good i miss him as johnny storm as well though
user1: and chris hemsworth makes a great thor
user2: My favorite is the Hulk though. I really want there to be a standalone Hulk movie. Mark Ruffalo is amazing
user2: I am not the biggest fan of Thor, however, the most recent Thor movie was great
user1: yeah i think they should try another hulk movie cause mark ruffalo is the better hulk
user2: Yeah he is
user2: I can't remember the main villain in the Avengers
user1: yeah i loved the newest movie of thor. i however am not a fan of black widow at all and find that avengers falls mroe flat with her and hawkeye
user2: I actually like Hawkeye but I am not a fan of Black Widow. She's a bit boring
user1: i can't remember either i think it changes
user1: yeah she is boring lol
user1: im also not a fan of nick fury and the whole s.h.i.e.l.d. 
user2: yeah same
user2: The Marvel movies are also a bit confusing to me. Way too much happens haha
user1: i do think there is enough fans of the avengers or at least one superhero or another from it to keep the franchise going though
user1: yeah some of them can be very confusing
user2: oh yeah the whole Marvel universe is extremely popular
user2: Even though I am not the biggest fan, I usually always watch them
user1: it definitely can find something for everyone to love one way or another 
user1: to me its a hit or miss some of their movies are great others like the avengers isnt always my favorite
user2: yeah, but Josh Whedon is a great directorr
user1: yes that he is he knows how to get people to tune in to the next movie lol
user2: So are the Avengers part of S.H.I.E.L.D. or is S.H.I.E.L.D. bad?
user1: rotten tomatos at 92% is a great acheivement even for the ones like me who don't much care for the avengers. it gets them more notice
user2: I remember Samuel L. Jackson as Nick Fury but I don't remember if he was a bad guy
user1: its weird i don't think they are technically part of shield jsut work with them
user2: oh ok so SHIELD is good. gotcha haha
user1: he is a good guy if i remember right but still shield is a pain
user2: yeah 92% is very high, however I think the other Avengers movies got rated lower

conversation:
user1: hello
user1: I am ready
user1: Are you still here?
user2: Hello! I'm ready too.
user1: Hi
user2: Hi!
user2: Did you like the movie?
user1: What is the title again?
user2: The Avengerd
user1: Can you remind me who were the headlining stars?
user2: Sorry Avengers with Robert Downey Jr, Samuel L Jackson , Chris Hemsworth, Chris Evans, Scarlett Johansson, and Jeremy Renner
user1: Oh, I remember it now.
user1: It was sort of a sci-fi movie, right?
user2: Yes it includes some of the Marvel comic book characters like Iron Man, the Hulk, Thor, and Captain America
user1: I always like these types of movies.
user1: I liked Iron Man and Thor so I watched this one.
user1: I thought it would be cool if all of these heroes came together in one movie.
user1: This one was just about as good as I thought it would be.
user2: Yes I liked it. Love all the main actors.
user1: Yeah, me too.
user1: I think the cast was well chosen.
user2: Ok I'm lost... wasn't that three paragraphs?
user2: Now I have a different document. Stand by.
user1: ok
user2: Ok it is a detailed message about the main scenes, contains a lot of other bad guy characters, and I think it's just page 2. Now what. I reread the tasks and it says three paragraphs with four people and the page will come up automatically. Can you check again under Tasks on the bottom?
user1: My tasks just says it is a conversation with one person.
user1: My instructions says I have to make 12 responses.
user2: Three responses to four people. If you click strategies next to send message, it says what to ask. I'm going to find one to ask you. Brb
user2: Do you agree with the ratings of this movie?
user1: What were the ratings of this movie?
user1: I do not have that option next to send message. 
user2: Rotten Tomatoes gave it 92%and 8/10. I think that's fair.
user2: Okay...do you have the 2page document about the movie and how are you sending messages?
user2: This is why we have not moved on to the next person. 
user1: The only options on the bottom of my screen are tasks/send message/abort conversation/finish conversation My Finish conversation is not available.
user1: Ok, It is available for me to click now
user1: Nice talking to you
user2: You too

conversation:
user2: It sounds like a good movie to me 
user1: Agreed. A 92% on rotten tomatoes stirs a lot of confidence as a rating.
user2: a good mix of culmination of characters and good actors as well
user1: Robert Downey Jr. is awesome, he brings wit and energy to every role he's in.
user1: Do you like superhero movies?
user2: Mark Ruffalo has a good cycnical side in his movies as well to balance out the other actors. it sounds like a good mixture to me and with the A+ rating it recieved It seems like a good movie to watch. 
user2: very much so what about yourself?
user1: Yeah I agree with that, all the actors are great here, it really shines through in the movie too, especially with the humor. everyone seems like they're having fun. 
user1: I do, and The Avengers is one of my favorites. Who is your favorite superhero in this movie?
user2: I would have to go with Thor or Hawkeye personally. What about you? What was you favorite scene of the movie?
user2: The Special effects for the Chitauri were excellent in the movie.
user1: Personal Favorite would be Captain America. But I do love Hawkeye, I think he really grounds the film. A movie about a bunch of superheroes can quickly get out of hand, so having him without superpowers in the mix is really. cool. I didn't like how Loki brainwashes him for most of the movie and makes him a villain though.
user1: oh I agree. The Tesseract looked super cool as well
user2: Completely agree there Clint does bring his own type of superpowers though to his scenes. I also thing Samuel L. Jackson pulled off Director Fury really well. The effects were Grade A to say the least. Loki has the smug attitude though that makes you want them to get him in the end.
user1: Oh yeah, Loki was a scene stealer in this movie. Especially in the introductory scene where comes through the wormhole. So badass. 
user1: What did you think of what Joss Whedon did as a Director for this movie?
user2: Definitely a scene stealer in multiple scenes. I think he did an excellent job he made sure the movie had a good mix of humor as well as plenty of action to give it a good balance and feel to the whole of the movie. What did you think of Scarlett Johansson's  black widow?
user2: The scene where the Hulk Rampaged on the Helicarrier was awesome I would hate to be in his warpath.
user1: Yeah Joss Whedon seems to have a knack for seemingly blending tones in movies, especially this one. And I thought she was great. Scarlett Johansson always brings great energy to her roles. Black Widow was another character that I think really grounded the film, which didn't stop her from being incredible in every scene. 
user1: Oh yeah, that was so cool. I loved how they all tussled with each other. Thor vs. Hulk was brief but incredibly cool. Also, like we were just talking about with Scarlett, this is another scene where she really shined. 
user2: I hated that they had to kill Coulson but his scene against Loki was great
user2: Definitely anyone who can take on such a physically challenging role like that deserves every bit of Merit that can be mustered 
user1: Yeah Coulson dying was tragic, but also was great for the story. The Avengers really snapped into gear after that, which lead into an amazing 3rd act. 
user2: BY far my Favorite scene of the entire movie was Hulk facing Loki in Stark Tower
user1: The way he smashed him into the ground like that was so satisfying, especially since all the trouble Loki caused. That beat-down felt so justified. 
user2: Seeing the Chitauri ships leads me to think that there is no way this can be the end and the emotional response from Tony Stark Really set the final tone of the scene, "Puny God!" lol
user2: Seeing the massive ground force in Manhattan vs the Avengers really shows what they are capable of when they all work together and dismiss the tension between one another.
user1: The way they filmed the ending was great because it launched an amazing direction for the other movies that would later come out. Including some interesting storylines for Tony. That wormhole experience really messed with him.
user2: Agreed I think in some ways seeing what was on the other side broke him in more ways than can be explained setting him in a new direction all together.
user1: Yeah, I agree. and I LOVE the way Joss Whedon filmed that, the continuous shot with all the avengers in action was incredible. It visually showed how connected they had become as a team, which I thought was a really cool visual representation of the core concept of the movie. I gotta give Whedon props on the directing in this. 
user2: Completely agreed there he was the perfect match for this movie I believe and the choreography between everyone was amazing in itself.  

conversation:
user2: OK, I'm reading
user1: I'm here. Take your time.
user2: So, have you seen this movie?
user1: No, what movie are you watching?
user2: The Avengers
user1: I remember the name but I'm not sure. What's it about?
user2: It is a 2012 American Superhero film based upon the Marvel Comics series.  I don't thin it looks too goo.
user2: Good-lol
user1: I think my husband has watched it. It's with Robert Downey, Jr. right?
user2: Right- I think it's a guy thing-lol
user1: Yea. That's probably why I haven't seen it. Maybe I'll give it a try. It's one of the superhero movies.
user2: Rotten tomatoes gave it  a 93%
user1: That's a good rating. I do like Robert Downey Jr's acting ability. I should probably add it to my list.
user2: It's based on a comic
user1: So the good guys win in the end?
user2: I like Downey too, I'm just not crazy about superhero stuff
user2: Of course!
user1: Me either. I'm more into good drama, thriller films.
user2: There is a full cast of all sorts of superheros 
user1: Yes, I'm looking it over on my phone. It does sound interesting. 
user2: I like dramas and thrillers if I'm not alone-lol
user1: Lol. Understand that. You know sometimes these superhero films will keep you on the edge, too. 
user2: Yep, I think my teenage son saw this one with his friends. It's produced by Disney
user1: Disney does put out good films. Lol. My granddaughter and her fav movie, Frozen.
user2: Here is the cast of characters: Iron Man, Captain America, hulk, Thor, Black Widow
user2: I'm old and I love frozen!
user1: Scarlett Johansson and Samuel L. Jackson are in the movie too. All the more reason for me to actually sit down and watch it.
user2: Do you usually watch movies by rating?
user1: No, believe it or not. Some great rated movies are terrible, while some forgotten ones are pretty good. 
user2: I agree, so it sounds like you will watch this movie?
user1: Yes, my husband will probably look at me funny when I ask about it, cause he knows my likes very well.

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: Hi!
user2: Have you seen The Avengers?
user1: I have not, can you tell me what it's about?
user2: The Avengers is a movie about a group of superheros based on Marvel Comics (Iron Man, Capt. America, The Hulk, Thor, Black Widow and Hawkeye). Are you familiar with any of these characters?
user1: I have heard of a few, what is their objective?
user2: Nick Fury of a peacekeeping organization S.H.E.I.L.D. recruits the superheros to form a team to stop Thor's brother Loki from taking over the Earth.
user1: Are they successful? or is Loki?
user1: Is this a kid friendly movie?

conversation:
user1: Hi! so what movie did you read about?
user2: hey, i read about The Avengers
user1: oh I think i've heard of that! Are there any good actors in it?
user2: Yees,...pretty good actors, Chris Evans and Robert Downey were my best
user2: You should really watch it
user1: ew to chris evans but i like robert downey junior a lot. do you know who directed by chance? 
user2: Yes, it was directed by Joss Whedon
user1: oh i know him! he's actually one of my favorites. he created buffy the vampire slayer and angel and firefly wow. so good actors and a great director. what was the story mainly about?
user2: The movie is a dram mainly about American superhero team who works together as ateam 
user1: oh a superhero movie i love those! which superheroes? 
user2: I love it too
user2: Superheroes like Captain America, the Hulk
user1: oh those aren't my favorite superheroes ugh idk if i would watch it
user2: Really
user2: Who are your favourite?
user1: my favorite superhero is spider-man for sure. is he in it?
user2: Noo. i loved spiderman too but you would love to watch the movie too, it is nce, with more drama
user1: i do like drama so that part sounds good. i also like a strong female lead too which joss whedon usually has. are there any strong female leads?? 
user2: Yes, scarlett Johansson acts as Natasha, a black widow
user1: ooh i like her a lot she's really talented. does black widow have any cool powers?
user2: Yes she does, she even seems to control one of the cast
user1: oh that's cool! What do you mean by that? I want to hear more!
user2: She acts like an iron lady with unique superpowers
user1: oh that's neat! 
user1: how long is the movie?
user2: yah
user2: 2 hours 23 minutes
user1: thanks that's very specific lol did you feel like the movie was dragging on?
user2: nooo, was all smooth
user1: oh that's a relief to hear. where does the movie take place?

conversation:
user2: Hello, did you enjoy the Avengers? I enjoyed the casting, as there were lots of familiar faces. It was surprisingly clever at parts, and was more than just a superhero movie to me.
user1: No, I have not seen this movie, what is it about?
user2: It's a superhero film based on the Marvel team of heroes, it's about the team of heroes, Iron man, Captain America, the Hulk, and Thor, and their objective is to stop Thor's brother, Loki, from endangering Earth. It's pretty well received, and has a good sense of humor in my opinion. What do you think?
user1: It sounds like a good movie, who does it have in it?
user2: Robert Downey Junior plays Iron man, Chris Evans is Captain America, and Chris Hemsworth is Thor. Scarlett Johansson is also in the film.
user1: I like Robert Downey a lot, he was great in Iron man. Do you find that the movie is true to the comic?
user2: I am unfamiliar with the comic, however, I know that it tells some of the origin story of the team of the Avengers, so that would be the point to compare.
user1: Do we have to start a new conversation about something else?
user2: I am not getting a new documents, however, I want you to know that if you are going to consider seeing the film, it has a metacritic score of about 70, but a 92% on rotten tomatoes, so it's received pretty well. Additionally, Hawkeye is in the movie. What do you think of that for your response? We are at 8 of 12.
user1: Who is Hawkeye? I am not a huge fan of superhero movies, other than Spider-Man
user2: I believe hawkeye is an archer of sorts, wielding a bow. Additionally, the film has lots of humor, and Iron Man is a big player in this.
user1: That's good, as I said I like Iron man. Who else is in this movie besides Robert Downey?
user2: Well, Jeremy Renner plays Hawkeye, and Scarlett Johansson is in the film as I said, she plays Black Widow. The film is becoming kind of old now, it came out in 2012, and Loki and Clint Barton are evil, Clint Barton being Hawkeye. I believe Hawkeye is enslaved by Loki in the film.
user1: I like Scarlett Johansson a lot also. Is the Black Widow an arch villan?
user2: I believe she is one of the SHIELD agents, but I am not sure if she is on the team with Iron Man. She wears a Black suit and is a hero or former hero to my knowledge. She is likely a main character.
user1: What are the Avengers trying to do in this movie?  Free Loki, have there been any other Avenger movies after this one?
user2: I believe they are trying to defeat Loki and prevent him from enslaving others. Loki cooperates with aliens called the Chitauri, and he attempts to obtain the Tesseract to trade to them for the subjugation of Earth for him. 
user1:  So you would recommend this movie?
user2: I would, it has good reception, a sharp sense of humor, and science fiction elements (the Chitauri and technology the SHIELD org uses). Do any of these aspects interest you? I can answer any questions.
user1: I've watched agents of shield on TV is that a totally different beast? Or does that have any of the same characters? I've only watched one or two shows when it came out.
user2: I am unsure personally, but I am sure they cover the same fictional organization.
user2: The avengers centers around the team of heroes, as well as Loki.
user1: Sounds good

conversation:
user1: hi I want to tell you about the movie The Avengers it has a great cast like Samuel Jackson
user2: I love Sam Jackson, who does he play?
user1: I think he plays a guy who helps Iron man out
user1: it also has thor who is awesome in the movie
user1: he's played by chris Hemsworth
user1: how does the movie sound so far
user2: i like all the people you have told me about!
user2: Who is the villian?
user1:  the plot is fun it's about trying to stop Thor's brother Loki
user1: from taking over the earth
user2: I see 
user2: Is black widw in it?
user1: yes
user2: nice
user1: scarlett johansson plays her
user2: i take it there are
user2: some sweet fight scenes
user2: ?
user1: yes and they all get a lot of screen time each hero
user2: Did they keep the same actor for Iron man?
user2: I thought he was good in the Iron Man movie
user2: well 2 of the 3
user1: yes it is still Robert Downey jr.
user2: Sounds like a fun movie
user1: yes the hulk and iron man fights a good fight while hulk is being controled by loki
user2: loki does like to play with people
user1: yes i think he is well liked by the fans lol
user1: any thing else you would like to know?
user1: all in all i thought the movie was great
user2: no i think i will give it a watch
user1: last few things i can say is that it has a nice finish to it
user2: thats good i hate when a movie ends ba
user2: bad*
user1: Yes me also I thibk that the Marvel movies have been great
user2: i enjoy them also
user1: iron man has awesome moments all through the movie
user1: so thanks I hope you enjoy the movie
user2: thanks

conversation:
user2: Hello. Have you seen The Avengers, the marvel comics movie?
user1: I have not seen it. What is it about?
user2: It's about a team of superheroes called The Avengers, and the film has the same title.
user1: That sounds interesting. Who is in the movie?
user2: It has a great cast, including Rober Downey Junior and Scarlet Johansson.
user1: I like those actors. What character does Scarlet Johanson play?
user2: She plays one of the superheroes.
user1: Who directed the movie?
user2: The film was directed by Joss Whedon.
user1: I have heard of him. Did he write the screenplay too?
user2: Yes, he did.
user1: That's cool. Did Joss Whedon produce this movie too, or does it have different producers?
user2: It was produced by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
user1: Disney does some good movies. What about the music in this movie. Does it have good music?
user2: I don't know much about the movie score.
user1: OK. What other movies has Joss Whedon made? 
user2: I couldn't really say about that either.
user2: I think the hulk character, played by Mark Ruffalo, is very entertaining in the movie.
user1: Is there anything really interesting about this movie that might make me want to see it?
user1: I do like the hulk too.
user2: Critics say it is witty and sophistocated.
user2: It's not as formulaic as you might expect from a superhero movie.
user1: That's good. I like superhero movies that are not typical.
user2: The plot centers around the God Loki and his plan to take over the Earth. He has a powerful artifact called the tesseract.
user1: Wow, that's interesting. There's a God in this movie?
user2: Yes. Thor is another god that appears in the movie as well.
user1: Ok I see. Is Thor Loki's father?
user2: I don't believe so.
user2: Loki is Thor's brother.
user1: Oh ok, that sounds familiar. And what is the tesseract? What does it do?
user2: It's a mysterious artifact that the villains are using to open a wormhole into another dimension that bring forth an army to subjugate the Earth.
user1: Wow, this movie sounds awesome. I'm definitely going to see it now.
user2: Yes, I would look for it on blu-ray, as it was released in 2012.
user1: Ok I will. Thanks for the information!
user2: You're welcome.

conversation:
user1: Have you seen the avengers movie from a few years ago?
user2: The one directed by Joss Whedon in 2012?
user1: that's the one
user2: Omg, yes! I loved it!
user1: Oh really? Why is that?
user2: Robert Downey Jr. is one of my favorite actors, and he plays Iron Man!! Hot!!
user1: Oh okay! I didn't like it that much, but that's because I'm not the biggest fan of superhero movies. Why do you like iron man so much?
user2: I have 3 boys, who are obsessed with Iron Man, so I didn't have much of a choice but to accept him. Once Robert Downey Jr. played him it was easy to accept! Iron Man is one of the few "superhero's" that has two superpowers!
user1: what are his superpowers?
user2: I don't honestly remember. 
user1: me neither, I just know that he has a lot of money
user2: Lol, yeah he does. "Tony Stark" the inventor.. makes himself lots of money that way. Then doubles as a super hero, who'd of thunk it?!
user1: Stan Lee I guess, since he made him and batman
user2: Batman isn't a part of the Avenger's though!
user1: yeah I know, but he still has the superpower of being rich
user2: Heck yes he does!! There's a lot of cool superhero's in the Avengers movie though!
user1: yeah that's true. What did you think of the villian in the avengers?
user2: Loki?! What a bummer that he's Thor's brother and turns out to be bad :(
user1: yeah, but that's how it works out I guess. They have to make a bunch of unexpected turns now, since no one likes traditional stories anymore
user2: Yeah, it was pretty crazy when the wormhole opened and Loki came to Earth! At least for a fantasy movie anyway...
user1: sometimes it just gets out of control like that. Such a weird plot twist to make a random wormhole
user2: Definitely!
user2: Awesome scene when the Hulk arrives and beats Loki into oblivion though!

conversation:
user1: I always liked the Avengers.  I read a lot of the comics growing up.  
user2: I never did, but this movie has a great cast.
user1: Yes, it definitely does, and Whedon is a great talent.
user2: Did you like Robert Downer?  He's one of my favorite actors.
user1: Yes, I really liked him.  I never would have thought of him as a super hero before his Iron Man role though.
user2: Me either!!  In reading the reviews it looks like it has some comedy in it.  Is that true?
user1: It looks like, according to the quotes.  Doney is very funny sometimes, as is Joss Whedon's writing.
user2: I never thought of watching this movie, superhero movies turn me off, but this sounds like one I might like considering the cast and the humor,
user1: I generally put a lot of trust in the Rotten Tomatoes website, and they gave it a 92%.  I'm sure it must be good.
user2: I'm really impressed with the list of actors.  
user1: It's a pretty large cast too.  Looks like lots of complex characters.
user2: Do you know who plays Nick Fury, the character who recruits the Agengers?
user1: The document doesn't say, but it does mention Samuel L. Jackson as a cast member.  I wonder if it's him.
user2: That kinda makes sense, but he can be pretty evil too.
user1: That's true.  I bet Johansson looks great as the Black Widow.
user2: Have you seen any of the other Marvel movies??
user1: A couple.  I saw the first two Iron Man movies.
user2: I can't believe this came out in 2012, that seems so long ago.
user1: I wonder what S.H.I.E.L.D. is an acronym for.
user2: Hmmm, I don't know, but it says it's a fighter jet from the other side.  
user1: Interesting.  I used to like reading about Norse mythology.  Thor and Loki should be interesting.
user2: Probably, I like Vikings, so I would probably like them too.
user2: Takes place in New York, which I love.
user1: Yes, New York is a great setting for a big action movie.  I love that they can then have real world buildings.  Makes it seem more real.
user2: I'm sure.  It looks action packed. The only cast member I don't really care for is Scarlett.
user1: Not a fan of Scarlett?
user2: Johannson. I forget which character she plays.  
user1: Black Widow I think it was.  Not a very exciting character really.  Token female super hero perhaps.
user2: Probably. But it's a long movie - 2 hrs, 23 minutes.  It would take a lot to hold my attention for that long.
user1: I agree that is long, especially for a movie that I expect is mostly action sequences.
user2: Maybe the beginning, where he has to recruit the super heroes takes a good amount of time, so it's not all action.
user1: Perhaps you are right.  I wonder how much CGI is used.
user2: What is CGI?
user1: Computer special effects.

conversation:
user1: Greetings
user2: hello
user1: What did you think of Avengers?
user2: im supposed to learn from u today
user2: oh..its great
user2: but i cant remember watching it
user1: I really liked the Hulk in it
user2: nice
user1: Did you like Iron Man in it?
user2: I like captain america and yea iron man
user1: Captain America was great also
user1: I thought Loki was a great villain for it
user2: Iron man is not practical though
user2: I love loki
user1: How so?
user2: he makes one fantasy and look at america as one bad ass super advanced country with high tech toys :P
user1: True. Alot of him just comes from his money
user1: I thought Hawkeye was great as the every man with no powers
user2: i dont think its a kid movie
user2: more of a 15 year old
user2: alot of violence
user1: Its definitely a movie teenagers and up would appreciate more I think
user2: yes adults would
user1: Enough action to keep them interested
user2: yes :)
user1: At least the violence is all towards the cartoony alien villains
user1: No real blood to speak of
user2: what kinds of movies do u like generally
user2: oh yes thats true
user2: I hate movies with blood
user1: Horror is my favorite genre
user1: I will watch them all the time

conversation:
user2: hi bro
user1: hello
user2: did you watch avengers movie?
user2: i like the superhero movies always
user1: yes bro i watched avengers movie
user1: i like iron man and captain america
user1: they always acted like marvellous
user2: yes  me too
user2: i am a biggest fan of iron man
user2: he is doing some funny things
user1: yes bro. one of the genius superhero in marvel comics
user2: do you watch captain america series
user1: yes civil war is my favorite
user2: which is the best scene of avengers movie?
user1: hulk hit first smash to the flying enemy object
user1: he says i am always angry
user2: nice bro. that scene was very impressive
user2: i like it most
user1: interesting scene
user1: but the end villain loki is not dead
user1: he escape before
user2: yes but he lead main role on upcoming films
user2: there is always a crazy character in every marvel film
user1: he makes some crazy things
user1: loki is more intelligent 
user2: yes i agree with that
user1: waiting for avengers infinity war movie
user2: yes bro i am waiting also
user2: avengers infinity war is my biggest expect
user1: thanos is one of the powerful villain in marvel
user2: how its gonna be end?
user2: maybe some main heroes will be dead
user1: oh if its happened captain america will be dead
user2: yes bro
user2: okay thanks bro it should be end the conversation now
user1: thank you too
user1: byeee
user2: bye

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hi
user1: Did you see Marvels The Avengers?
user2: Yes I have!
user1: Who is your favorite superhero between Captain America and Iron man?
user2: I really loved the movie.
user1: Mw too?
user2: Wow now that one is a very tough one umm I would have to say captain America.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: This is a great movie. Tyhe avengers from 2012. If you like sci fi this is an awesome movie. Good acting and known stars
user2: Is it the original Avengers, as in the first movie in the series?
user1: I believe so. Don;t remember for sure as to the opriginal cast but I believe yes
user2: How long is the movie?
user1: Downery Ruffalo hemsworth
user1: About 90 minuties I thinkl perhpas a tad longer
user2: What's the plot about?
user1: Agents of shield and the suer heroes save the world form bad guys
user2: Who are the bad guys in this movie?
user1: The asgardian Loki and an exterterastial race called chitauri
user2: what are the Chitauri like?
user1: an advanced alieb race who can use wormholes to get to earth
user2: who plays the part of Loki?
user1: not sure
user2: who are the Avengers in this movie? the fictional characters

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: Hi
user2: do u know about this moive
user1: What's the name of it?
user2: Avengers 2012
user1: Is it any good?
user2: Nice movie.Do u watch this moive ?
user2: Where r u from
user1: I haven't seen it. 
user1: Would you recommend it?
user1: USA
user2: yeah..Nice movie...Try to watch it.
user1: what is it about?
user2: Can not understand
user1: What is the movie about?
user1: hello?
user2: Yeah..
user1: who acts in the movie?
user1: are you going to engage?
user2: 	Robert Downey Jr.
user1: who else?
user2: Chris EvansMark RuffaloChris HemsworthScarlett JohanssonJeremy RennerTom HiddlestonClark GreggCobie SmuldersStellan SkarsgårdSamuel L. Jackson
user1: what is the plot?
user2: When Thor's evil brother, Loki (Tom Hiddleston), gains access to the unlimited power of the energy cube called the Tesseract, Nick Fury (Samuel L. Jackson), director of S.H.I.E.L.D., initiates a superhero recruitment effort to defeat the unprecedented threat to Earth. Joining Fury's "dream team" are Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr.), Captain America (Chris Evans), the Hulk (Mark Ruffalo), Thor (Chris Hemsworth), the Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson) and Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner).
user1: sounds good
user2: yes really nice
user1: What was your favorite part?
user2: In honor of my favorite to see the Avengers 2
user1: the second one is your favorite then
user2: your fav?
user1: I haven't seen any of the Avengers movies
user2: okay
user1: I like Thor though, he's funny

conversation:
user2: Who is your favorite Avenger?
user1: Hi, I don't have a favorite, but I'm leaning towards Captain America.
user1: Though it's a toss up between him, Iron Man and Black Widow. How about you?
user2: I think you've got to be some sort of history buff to really understand Captain America. I've always liked the concept of The Hulk
user2: Not really Dr. Jekyll and Mr Hyde, but almost
user1: That's an interesting observation. I don't really read too much into the characters. 
user2: I read too much into everything, LOL. 
user2: What made you pick this movie over the others they offered to chat about?
user1: I don't know much about Thor's brother, Loki but am trying to read into him. Reviews say he is trying to subjugate Earth.
user2: Loki is looking for a people to follow him, so yes, I think your assessment is true
user1: I think we may have gotten different instructions. I only have The Avengers to chat about. 
user2: Interesting, I had 5 movies to pick from. 
user1: I'm glad I got this one as I only saw it once, and that was a long time ago. 
user2: Me too; I've watched a few of the other Avengers movies since. I only recently got to see Dr. Strange
user1: Were all your movie choices from the Marvel Cinematic Universe series?
user2: No, they weren't, though they were about the same time frame, as long as they meant the 2012 Jaws movie, and not the 70's version.
user1: Oh interesting. At least we got a good film with great reviews. 
user2: It's got appeal for so many people - those of us who grew up with Superman action figures can take our kids who now play Marvel video games :)
user1: That's true, even though they introduce some new characters. Did you have favorites growing up? 
user2: We had a video rental store in the next town with limited selections - it was Superman or Star Wars - episodes IV, V, and VI. I remember the Hulk had a TV show for a while. 
user1: Yes! Video rentals. Ahhh the good old days. :) That was our friday night fun/ fights. Deciding if we would get a comedy, action, horror, or something else. 
user2: It was a real treat when my brother and I could each get OUR OWN movie, and didn't have to agree on just one!
user1: Lucky. Interesting thing I notice is The Avengers is listed as a Drama. With all the attacks and whatnot going on, I'd consider it more of an action/ adventure. That confusion would've caused great debate in my family. 
user2: Not sure how they decided it is a Drama - it's definitely more of an Action movie, but not quite sci-fi
user1: Agreed. Wish it had been out when I was a kid because it's The Hulk that ends up saving the day and getting Loki. I was scared of The Hulk when I was little, thought he was always the bad guy. 
user2: I think Bruce Banner would agree with your opinion of The Hulk. There's probably a metaphor somewhere in there with the big, strong guy beating the egomaniac...there I go, looking for deeper meaning again, in a movie with alien invaders, no less...oops
user1: lol, That makes sense. There is a lot of depth to each of the players. Guess that's why the series is so popular.
user2: I think so  -  it gives us "regular people" hope for superpowers. Just need to find that radioactive spider!
user1: hahaha! Gotta love Superheros! I'm glad they keep releasing movies and merchandise. 
user2: Me too - it keeps me in touch with my inner 12-year-old. 
user1: Ditto that 

conversation:
user2: Okay, so the movie is The Avengers, which came out in 2012.  It was a really excellent movie, because it was a collaboration between Marvel and Disney.  Lots of big superstars in this movie.  Have you seen it?
user1: I have not. Im interested though
user2: Have you seen any of the Marvel movies before?
user1: Iron man.  Is he in it?
user1: Who are the main actors?
user2: Yes!  He's in this move, along with a LOT more.
user2: RObert Downey Jr,, Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson Jeremy Renner, and many others.
user1: Woah, what a cast.
user1: Must have been a really expensive movie
user1: If it came out in 2012, are there sequels?
user2: Anytime you go to a Marvel movie, you are NEVER disappointed.  I can only give information from the data sheet I was given.  So I can't say anything about sequels.
user2: But this movie has Iron Man, Captain America, Hulk, Thor, Black Widow and Hawkeye.
user1: Hence the name The Avengers.  I wonder who the Villain must be to have a team that powerful?
user2: The team must stop Thor's brother Loki from subjugating the Earth.
user1: Seems like a very powerful being.  Do you know how long the movie is?
user2: No.  I don't have that information.
user1: Well I am interested in watching it. Thank you
user2: You are very welcome.  Do you go to the movies very often?
user1: Not really.  The only movie that made me go out in the past 5 years have been the Star Wars movies, 
user2: Those are fun too.  I think I see more than most.  My step-daughter has been assistant manager at the local multi cinema at the mall for 5 years.  She is always getting us in for free.
user1: Thats a nice perk. on a 10 point scale what would you rate The Avengers?
user2: Oh, I would give it a solid 8.  I see that's about in line with Rotten Tomatoes score of 8/10.
user1: Well Thank you for the information.  Have a great night. 
user2: Okay.  Have we met the minimum number of interactions?  I think we need to have 15 each.
user1: I thought it was 15 total. Out of everyone in the Avengers, who would you consider the leader? Who carries the team?
user2: Seems to me it is Captain America.  But Iron Man does a lot too
user1: I think everyone of the avengers has their own movie now. 
user2: Yep.  Well, have a good night.
user1: Thank you. 

conversation:
user1: Hello?
user2: Hey
user1: I'm looking for a movie to watch. Any suggestions?
user2: Have you seen the movie the Avengers?
user1: I have not. What's that about?
user2: Its a great movie! It based on the Marvel comics superhero team consisting of The hulk, iron man, Captain america, thor and etc
user2: They form a team to defeat thors evil brother Loki from subjugating earth
user1: That seems like a good reason to form a team
user1: It sounds like a good movie but I'm not convinced. Anything else?

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hey!  Have you got a chance to see The Avengers yet?
user2: No I have not
user2: Should I?
user1: You should check it out.  I know you're a fan of Robert Downey Jr.  He's in it and so is Mark Ruffalo, Chris Evans, and Chris Hemsworth.  
user1: Joss Whedon directed it and it gets pretty good reviews.
user2: I am also a Robert Downey fan, so he is playing iron man again?
user1: He is.  And Hemsworth is Thor, Ruffalo is Hulk and Evans is Captain America again.  They are even bringing Scarlett Johansson back as Natasha/Black Widow!
user2: Seems like a great cast. Is there any other heros in the movie?
user1: Hawkeye comes into play as does Nick Fury!    The villain is Loki which is pretty darn cool.
user1: Critics really liked Mark Ruffalo as Hulk.
user2: Isn't Loki one of their families? 
user1: Yeah, he is Thor's brother.  He wants to subjugate earth after a wormhole opens and he shows up.  Agent Coulson from S.H.E.I.L.D. makes a cameo.
user2: I really like that they were able to bring all of these characters together. Does it seem to fit well together?
user1: Yeah, definitely, I read one reviewer saying that Whedon stirs all the personalities and ingredients together and makes the avengers new and 'irresistibly tasty again.'  I thought that was a great way of talking about it!!
user1: It's a funny movie as much as it is exciting!
user1: Lots of moments of humor between Ironman and the other characters.
user2: Yes that really does make my interest rise. Glad they could make a comedy mix well with action
user1: Totally. I mean it falls into the drama, superhero genre but it is so much more.  
user2: Good movies always seem to spread into many genres
user1: Absolutely.  At one point the Avengers become divided over how to approach Loki and the fact that SHEILD wants to develop weapons to use against aliens.  It takes the death of an agent to pull them together to fight as a team
user1: It's a good message of working towards the greater good.
user2: Great to have an emotional work into the movie
user1: All the fight scenes with Hulk are pretty amazing.  They did a good job with Banner's transformation.
user2: Did the movie get good ratings online?
user1: Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 92%.  So I'd say so!
user1: It averaged about 8/10!
user2: That is really good ratings. Did it come out last year?
user1: In 2012.  They've made other films in the franchise since then but this is one of the best.  
user2: It does not seem like it came out 6 years ago. Would you say it has held up well over time?
user1: I would definitely say that!  The scenes in New York look really recent and you would never know it was close to 6 years ago!!
user2: I did not know it was based in NY. Is it all set in that area?
user1: Mostly.  There are some scenes in Asgard and in space as well as some unidentified locations.  But it is mostly in New York.  Lots of stuff happens right in Manhattan!!
user2: That is really cool. Hasn't other Avengers movies came out since?
user1: Yep!  I think there has been another one or two.  You should check them out as well!
user2: Sounds good I check it out

conversation:
user1: Have you watched the avengers?
user2: Did you like the movie?
user2: Yes
user1: Yes and apparently so did rotten tomatoes. They gave it a 90%
user2: It was truly an amazing breakthrough
user1: It was directed by joss wheaton 
user1: Whedon, i mean
user2: I would definitely like more movies like it
user2: Yeah
user1: I think a few more texts and we should be good
user1: Would you consider watching in theaters again?
user2: It had a record breaking gross income 
user2: Yes
user2: I wouldn’t mind seeing it thrice too
user1: I didnt know they considered it a drama
user1: I have not seen it once lol
user2: What exactly are you talking about?
user1: but my friends like it, so maybe one day
user2: Oh it is really nice
user2: You should definitely consider watching it
user1: Im typing about a document givin to me about the avengers
user2: Okay
user1: You just converse back and forth at least 15 times and then thats it.  I think i was supposed to lure you into watching it tho. I think i messed it up on my end from the start, lol
user2: It has amazing cgi effects in the climax that makes it pretty good
user2: Yeah im here
user1: Scarlett johansson is in it  Thats nice
user2: Yes
user2: Thor has done really good actng
user1: I didnt know loki was a part of the avengers  hmn
user2: Acting *
user1: I do like thor. I watched his first one
user2: He wasn’t before 
user1: oh lol
user2: He cannot be trusted as such
user2: Evidently he is the god of mischief 
user1: Okay i think we are done. Thanks for the chat. Cheers!

conversation:
user2: So, what's the name of the movie we're talking about today?
user1: So today we are discussing the move The Avengers that was released in 2012.  Have you seen it?
user2: I haven't. What's it about? Have you seen it?
user1: The Avengers is an American superhero film.  The characters come from various Marvel Comic books.  Are you familiar with Marvel comics?
user1: Oh sorry, yes I have seen it
user2: Somewhat. Are there any  big stars in it that I might know?
user1: The film stars such recognizable stars as Robert Downey Jr, Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johannsson, Jeremy Renner, Tom Hiddleston and Samuel L Jackson
user2: Oh cool! I know a lot of them. Sounds good so far. Did the movie get good reviews?
user1: The movie got overall good reviews.  While some cited it as being a little familiar or formulaic, in general the film was found to be very entertaining.  The performances of Robert Downey Junior and Mark Ruffalo were noted as exceptional
user2: Interesting. What's the basic plot? Who are they fighting?
user1: The basic plot is that all of these superheroes are recruited to fight Loki who is intent on taking over the world.  Loki has stolen a powerful artifact and is using its powers to battle the forces of Earth.
user2: This isn't a sequel to another movie, is it? I mean, can I jump right into this or will I be confused if I haven't seen the previous movies (if there are any)?
user1: There are 5 movies prior to this one so it may be a little tricky jumping right into this one.  It is mostly enjoyable on its own but to get the full flavor of the movie, you'd want to see the 5 movies that were made prior to it.
user2: Oh wow, lots of catching up to do then. Did it win any awards?
user1: The film did not receive any nominations or awards that I am aware of.
user2: Okay. Was it successful money-wise at least?
user1: I don't have any information on if it was successful money-wise.
user2: What's it rated? Safe for kids?
user1: I don't have any information on the rating.  Given the storyline involving what appears to be lots of combat, I'd say it is only safe for kids of a certain age.
user2: Guess you're right. Maybe I'll give it a try? Is it on Netflix or anything now? Or should I just buy the DVD?
user1: I don't have information on whether it is available on Netflix.  I'm not sure it is on DVD but given this film came out more than 5 years ago it is likely out on DVD now.
user2: Okay. Who directed it? Is he well known?
user1: Joss Whedon directed the film.  He also wrote the film.  This seems to be a very expensive film with all the stars so I would assume is well known.
user2: Any good quotes from the movie?
user1: I am not aware of any good quotes from the movie.
user2: Oh well. Can I see the movie in 3D?
user1: I don't have any information on if the movie is in 3D.
user2: Are there any sequels out or coming out I can watch that go with it?
user1: I do not have any information on sequels that are out or are coming out for this movie.

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: Hello!
user1: Does this movie seem interesting to you?
user2: It sure does
user1: What is the title of the movie?
user2: it has a 92% on Rotten Tomatoes
user2: The Avengers
user2: You should see it!
user1: That's an action film right? It seems so good!
user1: I bet there are all sorts of characters in it and funny ones too. 
user2: Ya it has Robert Downey Jr in it
user1: He is a great actor.
user1: Have you seen it before?
user2: The plot is pretty interesting,
user2: Ya once when it came out in 2012
user1: Tell me a little about the plot.
user2: A lot of stuff about aliens and SHIELD, then the Avengers have to come together to save the planet.
user2: Typical Marvel
user1: I love stuff about aliens!
user1: Marvel always seems to have alien stuff in their movies.
user2: Haha Loki is a great one
user2: he's the villan and he's Thor's brother, so there's a whole family dynamic
user1: Wow, so a good brother and a bad brother.
user1: Like kane and abel.
user2: haha just like, but less stabbing
user1: Still just as dramatic!
user2: Some of the main scenes have Nike Shield, Samuel L Jackson, trying to get everyone together
user1: Samuel L Jackson is great.
user2: They find alien artifacts with weird energy signaturs
user1: He always has a serious look.
user1: That sounds mysterious.
user2: He should do more romcoms. Then Toni Stark, Shield and the Avengers have to save the day.
user1: Yeah, they are all great.
user2: There's also a big wormhole between universes
user1: OOH so that's how those different marvel characters meet.
user2: it is pretty impressive CGI with the aliens flying out of it into Earth
user1: Aliens always add a good dimension to any movie .
user1: This movie sounds great. I want to see it.
user2: Yep, they have to come together, Hawkeye, the Hulk, Iron Man, Captain America
user1: Thanks for talking to me about it.
user2: Ya, it's good I hope you see it and like it!
user1: Bye!!
user2: You're welcome, thanks for listening

conversation:
user2: Hi, can you tell me the name of the movie?
user2: Are you there?
user1: hi
user1: avengers
user2: Did you like the movie description?
user1: yes
user2: What did you like about it?
user1: it has a ton of big name actors
user2: what else?
user1: they all work together really well in the fulm
user1: film*
user2: work together really well doing what?
user1: the cast has a great chemistry on screen
user2: how so?
user1: they have to work together in the story line
user2: What are they trying to achieve together?
user1: but iron man seems to be the leader
user2: what other characters are in the movie?
user1: theyre trying to stop loki
user2: Again?
user1: the Other promises Loki an army of his own
user2: Do you know if Loki gets the army in the film?
user2: what other characters are in the movie?
user1: it looks like he does
user2: Go Loki!
user1: the hulk
user2: I like Wonder Woman
user1: shes not in here
user1: black widow is
user2: too bad
user2: I don't know that character
user1: scarlett johansson plays her
user2: oh, maybe I do, actually
user1: i think she wears a black jumpsuit
user1: captain america is in the movie
user2: I see, I think I know the character after all\
user1: hawkeye
user1: thor obviously
user2: I don't think I know Hawkeye
user1: jeremy renner plays him
user2: Oh, yeah, the arrow shooting guy
user1: yes!
user2: Now I know his name
user1: joss whedon directed it
user2: I may have seen this, now that I think about it. . .
user1: yea, i know hawkeye more from cartoons
user2: I think we have completed the task?
user1: i hope ? hahah
user2: Okay, bye for now :-)
user1: bye!

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello
user2: Have you seen the movie The Avengers? 
user1: I have. I thought it was a really good movie. Have you seen it?
user2: I have not, but I hear that it is really good
user1: It is, they do a great job of bringing super heroes together
user2: I have seen a few other marvel movies that it relates to like Iron man
user1: Iron Man played a key role in stopping Loki from ruining Earth 
user2: It has a great list of popular actors also
user1: Yes! Robert Downey Jr. & Scarlett Johansson are 2 of my favorites 
user2: They are really good. Plus I just found out it has a 9/10 rating
user1: Yes! Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 92% which is exceptionally high for movies.
user2: The only hero I have never heard of is Hawkeye
user1: He is one of the lesser known ones and does not play a particular huge role in this movie.
user2: Must be why I do not know him. Im surprised to notice it came out 6 years ago
user1: It definitely feels like it was just last year. Time sure does fly. Joss Wheldon did a really good job at directing this film.
user2: Do you know if he directs other Marvel movies?
user1: He has written many TV shows but I do not think he has done any other movies.
user2: Would you say it is pretty accurate to the other movies and comics, since it combines heros
user1: Yes definitely. It does a good job of bringing all of the characters together into one movie.
user2: Thats good. I hate when crossovers do not stay to true to the originals
user1: I think Marvel does a good job overall with all of their productions.
user2: I know they have been fairly accurate in the movies I have seen before. Do you think there will be more avengers movies?
user1: I think in the future there will be interest again and there will be more movies.
user2: So what is the villain in the movie?
user1: Loki, who is actually Thor's brother. He wants to subjugate Earth
user2: Seems like a good way to create a conflict in the movie. Adding in brothers to fight makes it more interesting
user1: Yeah it puts a twist into things throughout the movie.
user2: Thats good

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: hello
user2: Is that The Avengers(2012) is a most popular movie?

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hi! You should definitely check out the Avengers movie. It has awesome actors and a really fun plot based on a superhero adventure. 
user2: What is this movie all about?
user2: Ok.
user1: It is about the organization S.H.I.E.L.D getting a team together with Iron Man, Captain America, the Hulk, and Thor to stop Thor's brother from conquering earth. 
user1: It's awesome. 
user2: Sounds cool
user2: Is it worth my time and money?
user1: It really is. Lots of adventure. 
user1: Do you like superhero movies?
user1: Rotten tomatoes gave it 92%, which is pretty amazing. 
user2: Yeah. A bit. Only if there are emotions, action, realistic things involved
user1: Right, I know what you mean. Some superhero movies are very cheesy. 
user2: Yeah.
user1: This one got a cinemascore of A+
user2: Great.
user1: I think all of the Marvel movies are pretty good. 
user1: This is the sixth Marvel film.
user1: It came out in 2012. 
user2: It is not about the scores. Most online users are in their teenage years
user1: Very true. Well I'm not a teenager, and I can tell you I love it. And my husband does as well. 
user2: They like such movies. You know action, super hero types
user2: Then I guess I should give this film a try.
user1: I think you will like it a lot. And then you can watch the sequels. 
user1: Well, it's been nice talking to you. 
user2: Same here.
user1: I hope you have a nice evening. 
user2: you too.
user1: Good night. 
user2: Sweet dreams
user1: Thanks!

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user2: are you there?
user1: Hi how r you  the movie I would love you to see is the Avengers.
user2: The first avengers or the second one coming out in May?
user1: This is the one that came out in 2012
user2: awesome, what is it about?
user2: why do you want me to see it?

conversation:
user2: so the movie in discussion is avengers 2012
user1: Okay, sounds interesting. What is it about?
user2: do you guys know about this movies?
user1: No I don't.
user2: it is a movies about action heroes, iron man, hulk, captain America, mostly marvel characters
user1: So they are comic book characters?
user2: Pretty much, the movies have good ratings and enjoyable for an action movies, I would definitely recommend it.
user1: Can you give me some examples why you recommend it? 
user2: wonder how much longer do we have to talk about this until we can finish and submit this. 
user2: Sure, the example would include:
user2: good action scene, there is decent stories about how the avengers come together and form a team
user1: What does the team do?
user2: there is good action scenes from most of the character, if you like iron man, and hulk, and captain America, black widow, hawk eye, etc, you would like the movies
user1: Are they fighting villians?
user2: the team tries to save the world from destruction and the plot of loki to rule the earth
user2: yes, loki
user2: his brother thor is also in the movie
user1: I see.  What kind of character is Loki?
user2: he is the brother of thor, but he is adopted and he is a god with power of magic who likes to plot of ways to rule planet and universe
user2: mischievous, tricky, kind of a magician plotter with decent combat power
user1: So they are on Earth and not some other planet then?
user2: the movies happen mostly on earth, so most of the action is there, though some of the scenes are on other planet 
user1: Do you know what the rating of the movie is? Would it be appropriate for children?
user2: I would guess pg-pg 13 since there are some fight scenes, most likely appropriate for children since some of the character are based on comic books children grow up with
user1: Well I know that Batman was a bit dark and scary.  Is this like that?
user2: no, it is a bit lighter with some humors mixed in and a lot of actions, think iron man or superman with many more characters in one movie
user1: Oh good I like a bit of comedy mixed in.  You mentioned fight scenes, are they gruesome or more comic book like?
user2: comic book like, not too much blood or death, more like showcasing power of the characters and how they are known in comics
user1: But still exciting with lots of action I hope?
user2: yes, it is pretty exciting actually, if you ever wonder how each other character stack up against each other, the movie does show quite a few fight scene between the characters
user1: So there isn't just one villian that the team goes against but another team of villians?
user2: there is a main villain the team go against that is plotting to bring an alien army onto earth that the team has to go against 
user1: Oh the plot thickens...what kind of aliens?
user1: I think I've asked all the questions I can come with...nice talking with you.
user2: chitauri armies aliens that is given to loki by the other to take over the earth
user2: nice talking with you

conversation:
user1: Wow, a good choice for the movie, imho....
user2: i watched this one in a drive in theater. it was amazing
user1: I'm sure it was!  I've been a big Marvel fan for 40 years, this was one of the best ones.
user2: My favorite scene has to be the hulk's puny god scene with loki
user1: Yes, my gf cracked up on that one.  And they made a subtle reference to it in Thor-Ragnarok as well.
user2: i cant wait to get my hands on that one, havent had an opprotunity to watch it yet
user1: It's easily the best Thor one and sets up the ones coming out this year with Thanos and GotG.  Loki is well portrayed as well!
user2: to be honest Loki has always been my favorite marvel character. he is a fairly balanced character, which can be extremely difficult to do in film because you only see him from an outside perspective. 
user1: I agree, he shows some character growth in Ragnarok as well, instead of completely reverting to his villainous ways.  He was awesome in Avengers but if he's going to be in several movies his character needs to evolve.
user2: which i can admire as an aspiring novelist. the one character that just doesn't sit well with me is Tony stark. its hard to place why i don't quite like this film's version.
user2: perhaps its just that Tony stark either comes off as cocky, or confident. and this time round it came out as overly cocky.
user1: Interesting.  I thought Robert Downey Jr nailed the arrogance and charisma of Stark even better than the comics.  Especially since the first Iron Man movie, he's evolved a good bit as well.  Watching him and Cap go head to head over philosophical difference in Winter Soldier was fun to watch because I could see both points of view.
user1: I see the cockiness as part of Stark.  The growth he's showing is moving beyond that and seeing other's viewpoints, to the point where he's conceding that the Avengers need to be under someone else's control.  
user2: its a delicate point to balance, because it rests entirely on the audience's viewpoint. just like the plot is hard to balance in any superhero movie, especially if your going at it from an angle of just barely beating the villan. i agree that winter soldier was an excellent portrayal of the relationship between Cap and tony, but it kinda feels thike the director was trying to avoid that aspect in this film.
user2: and that to me is a neccecary part of the character of stark.
user1: Avengers came out well before Winter Soldier, so I see the change from too cocky to still cocky but conceding that things need to change and maybe he needs to change too.  Stark agreeing that the Avengers need oversight and trying to argue other team members to see it that way as well shows he finally sees it's not all about him and his ego.
user1: No one here now?
user1: It says User 2 has left
user1: I'm going to keep posting a few more.
user1: And Joss Whedon is awesome!
user1: I've been a Whedon fan since Buffy and Firefly.
user1: Plus, new Avengers movie is out this year!
user1: Yay!
user1: Okay, a couple more...
user1: And then I'm gone.
user1: To go home.
user1: Cool...

conversation:
user1: Hey, what's up?
user2: hey there!
user2: so the movie we got is the first Avengers
user1: Ugh, I wasn't a fan.
user2: im supposed to try and convince you to watch it 
user1: Alright,
user2: so its got a rotten tomatoes score of 92% and Joss Whedon does make good moves 
user1: Yeah, a lot of people liked it
user2: apparently "Ruffalo is the revelation, turning Banner into a wry reservoir of calm ready to become a vulcano" 
user1: Lol
user1: mark ruffalo has the same effect on me
user2: ummm im trying here dude its not that easy when you aren't allowed to use what you already know 
user2: you aren't lying lol 
user1: yeah, its genuinely a little tough
user1: the story isn't great from what i remember
user2: so there is a key scene in it where Loki encounters the "other" a leader of an alien race 
user1: and its not like you can show me a cool gif or anything
user2: right thats usually what gets me to watch a movie t
user1: yeah!
user2: this talks a lot about who directed it, the cast, etc 
user1: so loki schemes with the aliens in the movie?
user2: apparently. 
user2: He apparently tries to take over the world with the tesseract 
user1: oh yeah, the tesseract
user2: and the avengers "become divided" on how to approach him 
user1: none of this makes any sense!
user2: right 
user1: the movies are garbage
user1: oh, we're done
user1: see ya dude!
user2: i mean im not gonna lie, i liked the movie well enough, but its super hard to explain like this 
user2: bye 

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: hi
user2: let's talk about the avengers
user1: it seems like the critics like it alot
user2: yes i like robert downey jr
user1: and i like chris evans
user2: the intro was a great way to start a movie
user1: yes and i like that samuel jackson was in it
user2: and ironman was great and added to the movie
user1: yes he was a team player
user2: i loved how loki was being bad
user1: and how clint barton was aiding him in his escape
user2: yes and how he was able to open the worm whole
user1: the plot of this was very awesome
user2: i think that loki beinging the bad guy helped
user1: i hope that we can see more about him 
user2: i like how the other agents were controled
user1: yes it made for a tense scene
user2: and how thor fought hulk
user1: and how they finally had to band together after a tough time
user2: yes that death made a big impact on them
user1: and how loki started his attack on the earth
user2: i like how they fought in new york
user1: and how hulk beat loki up lol that was good
user2: that was a good scene
user2: what about iron man taking the missles in the wormhole
user1: that was great and the end set it up for more movies
user2: yes i think that it was a great movie
user2: abd i like fury a lot
user1: yeah all around it w
user1: was great sorry
user1: thanks for speaking with me
user2: thanks too bye

conversation:
user2: HI
user1: Hello! Have you heard of this movie, The Avengers?
user2: yes
user1: Have you seen it? I don't think I actually ever saw this one haha
user2: I saw it once it is so interesting
user1: Did you ever look at any of the comic books the movie is based on?
user2: yes i think it is a comic based story.. I haven't read any comic but I heard so
user1: My dad used to really enjoy comics and I'm fairly sure this is one he liked. I always thought it was really interesting that they made the individual movies like Iron Man, Thor, The Incredible Hulk, and then they made the movie with all of them together. 
user2: It would a great treat for comic lovers because it is based on some traits and facts 
user1: I agree, what did you think of the people acting in it? I kind of liked Robert Downey Jr. but Hawkeye was one of my favorite avengers growing up, so I kind of had to like Jeremy Renner. 
user2: Its undoubtedly that Robert did his best and of course Jeremy's scenes in the movie is incredible
user1: I am actually kind of surprised so many people liked it so much, it's like the same people who don't like comic books or think people who enjoy them are nerds who liked this movie. At least that's how it seemed to me.
user2: Because some people may hate to read books or comics however if it is in visual format with some interesting graphical scenes everyone would like and love to see
user1: I suppose that's true. It is nice that it moved on and made so many spin-offs as well. How many little kids loved those movies you think?
user2: Avengers is kind of movie that adult would like more than kids because some kids may understand and some may not. I would say 3- - 40% kids may enjoy the move
user1: That's kind of weird to me honestly, being that little kids love superheroes and all that stuff. I see your point though, maybe for an older age child like 9 and above.
user2: yes i think so. Only the kids aged after 10 would see such movies and enjoy the superhero stories
user1: Did you like that kind of stuff when you were young? I really enjoyed superheroes and stuff like that
user2: yes i started enjoying after 15 but my younger brother liked these kind of movies. I too enjoy the superhero movies.
user1: I honestly don't even know what the first one is about, and these paragraphs provided are kind of confusing me for some reason, is Loki the antagonist of this one?
user2: It explained the key scenes happened in the movie. Yes Loki seems to be antagonist because she oppose the happening over there
user1: Okay, what would you say your favorite scene was, if any>
user2: Many scenes are there especially I like the scene when the Tesseract activates and opens a wormhole to reach earth.
user1: Who would be your favorite character?
user2: Rogers
user1: So how do we finish this up? Hahah
user2: Yes...
user2: Hope U have enjoyed the chat...
user2: Lets finish it off
user1: I did thank you. Hope you enjoyed it as well

conversation:
user2: Hey (:
user1: Hi there
user2: This movie has a great cast.
user2: What do you think?
user1: It certainly looks that way, have you seen this movie?
user2: No I have not. Have you?
user1: I have not, although I might be convinced to do so.
user2: Yes the reviews certainly seem good.
user1: They do indeed. I like Rotten Tomatoes and IMDB for reviews.
user1: You?
user2: Me too.
user1: So, a 'key scene' just appeared. Not sure what a lot of this is saying, I do not follow this genre
user2: It seems like a bit of science fiction.
user2: Which I think is cool. I like that there are physicists are in this movie.
user2: I think we need to discuss each scene 3 times.
user2: Do you know Loki? From Thor?
user1: I know the name, but only because I am somewhat familiar with the mythology
user1: God of mischief or something like that
user2: Interesting (: I've only seen the first Thor movie. Have you seen Thor 1 and 2?
user1: I have not seen either one
user1: Are they any good?
user2: I liked Thor 1 because I like Natalie Portman. I think Thor 2 touches on Loki's character more though
user2: There's a lot of names in Scene 2 haha. 
user2: I think it's interesting that the avengers/good guys initially start off fighting amongst themselves.
user1: Yep, and then aliens show up?!?
user1: Wow!
user2: Haha it's definitely a creative plot
user1: More stuff just appeared. Loki gets beat down by Hulk
user1: That is awesome all by itself
user2: Hahah agreed.
user2: Wow there's missiles and alien powers all at once. Crazy.
user1: I see that, looks like tons of action
user2: I also think it's scary that Loki has mind control abilities
user2: It seems like there's going to be a lot of action throughout the movie.
user1: Well, it is based on a comic book after all, action is somewhat mandatory. ;)
user2: Haha true.
user2: I like that you can see the avengers working together now "Stark goes into freefall, but the Hulk saves him from crashing into the ground"
user1: Yep, looks like they patched up their disagreements
user1: Good timing
user2: Indeed
user2: Are we done? It says "This is the end of document"
user2: It was nice chatting with you :)

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: hai
user1: Any body there
user2: heloo
user2: ru there
user1: Hi any there

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hi, how are you?
user1: I'm ok, how are you
user2: Good.  The movie I'm discussing is about a group of superheroes who come together in order to stop a villian from taking over Earth.
user1: Hmm, is it the Avengers?
user2: The group is put together by an organization called SHIELD, which is played by Samuel L. Jackson.
user2: lol, so quick to get it right....I guess that was a pretty obvious one
user2: have you seen the movie?
user1: Yes
user1: Have you?
user2: Yes, I've seen it too.
user2: Who is your favorite superhero in the movie?
user1: Probably Hulk. Who was yours?
user1: I also like Captain America.
user2: I like Capt. America too but I think Iron Man is best.
user2: Did you know the movie got a 92% rating on rotten tomatoes?
user1: Yeah I like Iron Man too.
user1: I didn't know that. 
user2: What do you think of Loki in the movie?
user1: I don't love Loki but that's ok.
user1: I like Captain America, Iron Man and the Hulk more than Loki.
user1: This has been a good conversation!
user2: The felt the way that they plotted how Loki came to Earth from the outer world could've been done better.
user1: Yeah, I feel that.
user2: but I don't have any ideas in mind of how else it should've been done, lol
user1: I don't either haha
user1: What other Marvel movies do you recommend
user2: I thought Deadpool was pretty good, the comedy and action was a good mix.
user2: Have you seen Avengers 2?
user1: I haven't seen Avengers 2
user1: is it better than the first
user2: Oh, there's a new one coming out soon (forgot the name) but it has Thanos in it.
user2: Part 2 was pretty good. I'd say better than the first.
user1: Oh neat. I'll have to check it out! Thanks for the recommendation.

conversation:
user2: Hey have you seen The Avengers?
user1: Yes, I have seen The Avengers.
user2: Did you like it?
user1: Have you seen it?
user1: Yes, i did actually.
user2: Yes it's great! 
user2: Did you think this film got the critical rating it deserved?
user1: Not really.  
user2: Why was that? Did you not like the actors in it or possibly the story? Or just simply didn't think it was as good as the other  Marvel Movies?
user1: I am a huge Marvel fan.  I didn't like when Captain America and Iron Man fought.  I know it happened in the comics also, but that was the big drawback for me.
user2: Really? Why was that particular scene a drawback? I personally liked that it took Thor to stop them (more or less).
user2: Did you like Mark Ruffalo as the Hulk?
user1: I didn't like the division of the Avengers .  I guess that is what bothered me most.   
user1: He has grown on me.  It took a minute for me to get used to him as Hulk.
user2: I liked the scene when he transforms and falls from the carrier and surprises Harry Dean Stanton in a cameo who asks if he needs pants! What was your favorite Hulk part in the Avengers?
user1: Probably when he smashed Loki.  That was pretty good to me.
user2: Yeah I liked that part...hilarious. I guess I'm not a fan of Scarlet Johansson as Scarlet Witch in this film. She looks great, but her part in this film is so boring.
user1: I understand.  It seems like I heard they may be making a movie for her soon?
user2: I've heard that on and off but I'm  not sure. Either way she seemed boring to me in The Avengers. Which actor did you like least and why in this film?
user1: I enjoyed Spiderman in Civil War.
user2: Do you think Robert Downey Jr. deserves the credit he gets for playing Iron Man in this movie?
user1: I think he does good with Iron Man.  He has made it his I think.
user1: I don't really care for Clint (?)  not 100 % sure of his name.  He is about as Minor as Black Widow.
user2: Oh right Hawkeye. But I even feel he was developed a smidge better than Black Widow overall. I think Joss Whedon did a good job directing this. For the most part, it was the Avengers movie I always wanted to see
user1: I agree with you.  It was directed well and I enjoyed it very much.
user2: I was really shocked when Agent Coulson died!
user1: That was a shock.  Is he really dead?

conversation:
user1: It seems as though critics enjoy this film.
user2: It does. 
user2: I love Joss Wheadon. I had no idea he was still around. 
user1: He is extremely good at action scenes.
user2: He is. I had no idea that all these characters were in one movie. I have seen the Lego brickheadz of Iron Man, Captain America, Hulk and Black Widow but did not know where they came from.
user1: Do you usually listen to critics assessments of superhero blockbusters?
user2: The rating from Rotten tomato looks good. I don't normally base what I watch off the ratings but if it's good, it couldn't hurt.  The lower ratings I sometimes still watch anyway.
user1: Cinemascore is user ratings so both critic and audiences like this.
user2: I wasn't aware of that. Thanks for the info!
user1: Robert Downey Jr. is apparently great in his role.
user2: The key scene seems a little confusing. I wonder if the movie is hard to follow if you aren't a superhero fan.
user1: I think the Chitauri are a weird concept but aliens who want to blow up the world is normal.
user2: Yes I get aliens blowing up the world but the Chitauri not so much.
user1: Teams of bad guys are children's movie staples. Simple but fun. 
user2: I wonder if it would be appropriate for my 5 year old to watch. 
user1: It is violent. What did you think of Hawkeye being evil and enslaved?
user1: I like that they fight each other in the middle of the movie, it it like they cannot get along, but then everything comes together.

conversation:
user2: Have you ever watched The avengers?
user1: No I have never watched the Avengers
user2: You really should look for it as soon as you have the opportunity!
user2: just look at the cast!
user2: Robert Downey Jr, Mark Rufallo, Chris Evans...
user1: OK, I will. I like all of the actors you mentioned.
user1: Which female actors are in the movie?
user2: The beautiful Scarlett Johansson has a major role! She is black Widow in the movie.
user1: I love Scarlett Johanssen! She is a talented actress.
user1: What is the movie plot?
user2: The plot is about an organization that recruit super heroes- Iron man, HUlk, Thor...- to face Thor´s brother- Loki- who wants to destroy the planet earth.
user2: Not that complex :)
user1: That sounds like a great movie! 
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: Yes. Otherwise I would not be here suggesting the movie!
user2: Even its metacritiic score is fairly good: 69 out of 100.
user1: What is metacritic?
user2: Metacritic is a site where you can find reviews from critics that have already seen the movie. 
user2: It´s nice because it allows you to get an idea of how good the movie might be.
user1: That website sounds very helpful. Do you trust the reviews on it?
user2: It depends on the person that is writing the review
user2: but let´s move to another topic
user1: OK
user2: Since you have not seen the movie, I will tell you a little about some of the key scenes of the movie
user1: please do!

conversation:
user2: Hey, how's it going?
user1: Hey there, the movie is Superhero Drama and you should watch it because it has a rotten tomato score of 92%. 
user2: Rotten Tomato is usually pretty right on with their reviews. I do love super hero movies. Whats the name of the movie?
user1: The name of the movie is The Avengers lol. It's a pretty popular movie though and has a good cast
user2: Who are someof the actors in it?
user1: Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, and Mark Ruffalo. 
user2: Robert Downey Jr, he plays Iron Man, correct? 
user1: Yes. Samuel Jackson is also apart of the cast. 
user2: Sounds like a great cast! How long is the movie?
user1: I'm not sure how long the movie is but usually these types of movies last well over an hour. Probably around an hour and a half.
user2: Do the reviews say if it is action packed?
user1: Yes, the critical responses talk about how the movie has a lot of action and great characters. Also I just found out the movie is 1143 minutes long so it
user1: 143*
user2: Thats a good time for a movie. I wonder if its kid appropriate?
user1: It is probably PG13+ and/or rated fpor a mature audience
user2: Yea probably more for violence than anything. I have seen some of the other Marvel movies and that is usually what it is for.
user1: Yup, some other interesting things about the movie is that there are a lot of Marvel character's in it and the story line appears very original
user2: The franchise is so big now, I have seen a lot of the other movies, but I like the ones that have all them together.
user1: Yea I think those are the best as well. I also like The Avengers because it tend's to have a unique storyline whereas some of the other Marvel story's can become repetitive. 
user2: That is true. I also cant resist seeing Robert Downey Jr.
user1: Yup, he's a great actor along with the rest of the cast. Some of the directors are great actors as well. 
user2: I wonder if I can find the movie on a streaming channel?
user1: I'm not sure, but this movie probably also has a lot of really cool effects since it has fighter jet's in it and all kinds of explosions. 
user2: That sounds like it would be awesome to watch in 3D. Its really good to watch a movie with great visual effects
user1: I agree it would look great in 3D, seems like an overall great movie choice with all of the great actors, great effects, and a high critic rating. 
user2: I think I definitely am going to try and watch this movie. Maybe I can finally get caught up on the Marvel movies
user1: I'm glad you are going to watch it, I hope you enjoy it. 
user2: I am sure I will!

conversation:
user1: Do you think Whedon did a good job with this movie?
user2: I think it was pretty good, he did a good job squeezing all the characters in.
user1: Yeah. Ruffalo was a good choice for the casting.
user2: Yea, also Downey is always good as Iron Man. What did you think of Renner?
user1: I think he is a good actor but he brings the movie down.
user2: Yea, the fact that he is Hawkeye does not help either.
user1: Agreed.
user2: I thought it was a decent movie though, I would give it a 8/10.
user1: I would give it an 8 out of 10 as well.
user1: I guess Rotten tomatoes agrees with us.
user2: Yea, makes sense since it is an aggregate.
user1: Loki is a fun character to watch.
user2: Yea, he is one of my favorite villains in the movies.
user1: Agent Coulson is also one of my favorites with his steady personality.
user2: I actually can do with or without him, I do think the way the Chitauri were portrayed was quite good.
user1: Yes. Very good.
user2: Same with the tesseract, I had no idea what I was expecting but it seemed reasonable.
user1: The Tesseract is very interesting.
user2: I thought it seemed a little too powerful, how could it do everything it did?
user1: I love the way the Hulk bashing everything in sight. haha
user1: I'm not sure about the tessaract's power.
user2: Yea, they did a really good job with the action scenes
user1: I did like the Coulson death scene as a motivational factor.
user1: The way Fury handled it was priceless.
user2: Yea, it made sense in the context of what was going on.
user1: The Hulk beating Loki senseless was great.
user2: Yea!  It was a highlight for me as well.
user1: And of course the Hulk catching Iron Man. I like that relationship.
user2: They are my two favorite heroes as well in the movies.
user2: Both actors are great and so are their characters.
user1: I think they should find a way to get rid off that staff forever.
user2: That would just solve too many problems.
user2: There wouldn't be enough content for the movie!

conversation:
user1: The movie is Marvels 2012 The Avengers and is a superhero movie.
user2: Don't think I ever got around to seeing it
user1: It has actors like Robert Downey Jr as Tony Stark and Chris Evans as Captain America
user2: Saw earlier ones with those characters and actors, by the time this movie game out I was feeling burned out on them
user1: It is the sixth film
user2: Sixth including the individual character intro movies (Thor, Iron Man, etc)?
user1: Yes in this one Samuel L. Jackson is Nick Fury and he recruits them all for a team.
user2: OK, maybe I did actually see this one.  First time with all the characters on a single team.  Didn't realize they managed to milk out the whole thing for THAT many movies
user1: The villain is Thor's brother Loki.
user2: Definitely remember Loki, from this movie and I guess two Thor movies
user1: Do you care about movie ratings it had a 92% on Rotten Tomatoes
user2: Surprised it rated that high.  Thought it was good, for a Sci Fi-ish action
user1: Some of the plot includes the searching for the Tesseract which is a energy source of unknown potential.
user2: Don't recall that part, but then it's been a while since I've seen this movie
user1: It is a bit older having been made in 2012.
user2: Seems that way to me, seems they've pumped out hundreds more since then
user1: The director on this one was Joss Whedon
user2: Don't know him or of him.
user1: Do you like superhero movies?
user2: I did a while ago.  They just suddenly started putting out so many it seemed they were milking the genre for all its worth and I burned out

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: Hi, How are you
user1: Good and you
user2: Very fine, I am a huge fine of Marvel's The Avengers
user1: Oh yeah? What is Marvel?
user2: Marvel Entertainment, LLC
user1: What genre of movie is this?
user2: Super Hero
user1: Is this an action movie?
user2: Action, Adventure, Science fication
user1: Where does it take place?
user2: When Thor's evil brother, Loki (Tom Hiddleston), gains access to the unlimited power of the energy cube called the Tesseract, Nick Fury (Samuel L. Jackson), director of S.H.I.E.L.D., initiates a superhero recruitment effort to defeat the unprecedented threat to Earth.
user2: How many times have you watch this movie
user1: I am interested in watching this movie
user2: Where you are going to watch this movie
user1: Who are the super heros?
user1: I’m not sure yet
user2: Iron Man, Captain America, Hulk, Thor, Black Widow and Hawkeye
user1: What was your favorite part of the movie?
user2:  my favorite part of The Avengers. (This is far from unique.) Every time I watch this movie, I laugh hysterically when the Hulk punches Thor at the end of that Avengers-assembled long take, and I cheer when the Hulk pulverizes Loki. “Puny God” might one the best
user2: With whom you are going to watch this movie
user2: I thought it was successful as entertainment: kids would want to see it and parents could be equally entertained, teens would go in hordes on group dates, college students & twentysomethings could escape for a fun date night and the real adults can enjoy it too. It's one of the rare movies where you don't mind paying the $20 (per person) because you just have fun watching it.
user2: I personally loved this film for being unabashedly entertaining. It was, for all intents and purposes, a comic-book come to life. A well-written, witty, well characterized comic-book at that.
user2: Have fun:)
user2: have a great evening:)

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: hi
user2: are you dc fan or marvel fan
user1: yeah, I'm a big fan
user2: big fan of what?
user1: marvel and avenger
user2: did you watch latest avenger trailer
user2: its awesome and created lots of excitement
user1: yes. it was fanstastic
user2: how you want to be killed in this movie
user2: sorry who not how
user1: I'm waiting for movie.
user2: which was you favorite scene in avenger 2012?
user1: hulk tranformation
user1: for u?
user2: mine was same when hulk punch the alien ship
user1: yes
user2: what do you think about hulk and black widow" 
user1: I like hulk
user2: i think superman in avenger is like ant in elephant's party
user1: s
user2: what do you hate or want to be changed in avengers 
user1: How much rating u gave for avenger out of 10
user2: i will give 8 to first avenger
user1: good
user2: and you
user1: 9
user2: and 7 to second one
user1: waiting for that
user2: how much will you rate age of ultron
user1: 7

conversation:
user1: Hi!
user2: hiya
user2: how are you
user1: Hi! I am doing fine. How about you?
user2: i'm, great 
user2: bored tho
user1: Haha, I thought you were supposed to tell me about a movie. 
user2: maybe
user1: What are you up to?
user2: have you seen the avengers?
user2: about to put on a movie
user1: no, I haven't. 
user1: I heard it's good, though
user1: What's it about?
user2: it is good
user2: in the movie team shield has to defeat loki
user1: Who are in the team shield?
user2: the hulk
user2: iron man, thor, black widow
user2: some others too
user1: wow
user1: who are on the team loki?
user2: Just him I believe
user1: Loki is that powerful? Wow. 
user1: Was it happen on the earth or?
user2: yeah it is no earth
user2: loki is trying to take over earth
user1: Where's loki from?
user2: I am not sure
user2: have you read any reviews of the movie?
user1: no, I haven't. But my friends told me it's good. 
user2: you should go 
user2: do you have netflix?
user1: yes, I have netflix
user1: can I watch it on netflix?
user2: I am not sure
user2: I have to google it
user1: haha
user1: do you have netflix?
user2: I dont
user2: I have hulu though
user1: Oh, is it on hulu?
user2: i would have to look on google for that too
user1: haha
user1: you are funny
user2: what is your favorite movie?
user1: who are your favorite super hero?
user1: I like la la land
user1: have you seen the movie?
user2: i have not
user2: did it win an award?
user1: yes
user1: I think it won six Oscars
user2: dang
user2: who is the star?
user1: So it's a romantic comedy, and there's always a guy and a girl. :)
user2: you like those?
user1: The guy is Ryan Gosling and the girl is Emma Stone
user1: it depends. I like musicals. 
user1: They meet each other in LA and they help each other to pursuit their dreams. 
user2: i like emma stone
user2: was she in spiderman?
user1: you do?
user1: I like her too
user1: Yes, she was in Spiderman. :)
user1: Did you see it?
user2: btw you should totally watch avengers
user2: its amazing
user1: I will watch avengers for sure
user1: thank you for your recommendation 
user2: youll like toni stark
user1: The iron man!
user1: Thanks
user1: I have to go
user2: get to it!
user1: do you think we can end the conversation?
user1: It's nice talking with you!
user2: i have no idea
user2: same to you
user1: I need to catch a class
user1: Have a great day!

conversation:
user2: Hello?
user1: Hi :)
user2: Have you seen "The Avengers" movie?
user1: I've seen the movie before. 
user1: It has a great cast in my opinion according to the document.
user2: Did you like it? I personally, LOVE the movie.
user2: It does. RDJ, Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo Chris Hemsworth, ScarJo and Renner all do a great job in the movie?
user1: Yes, I really liked the movie as well.
user2: I'm a big Joss Whedon fan so I figured this movie was BOUND to be good. :)
user1: Yes, I didn't realize though who Loki was until I read this document, lol
user2: Like I said, the movie was great but I didn't like the way they used Loki.

conversation:
user1: hi there.
user2: Hello!
user2: So the movie I have here is The Avengers from 2012.  I think you should see this movie.
user1: Sounds interesting. Is there anything you can tell me about the movie?
user2: It got a 92% rating on Rotten Tomatoes, and it's a superhero movie based on the Marvel Comics.
user1: which superheros are in it? 
user2: Thor, The Hulk, Captain America, and Iron Man.

conversation:
user2: HI
user1: Hey.
user2: HAVE YOU SEEN THIS FILM
user1: What film?
user2: THE AVENGERS 
user1: No I haven't.  What's it about?
user2: IT WAS RELEASED IN 2012 
user2: AMERCIAN SUPERHERO FILM BASED ON THE MARVEL COMICS
user1: Nice!  Might have to check that out.  Any other details?
user2: THE FILM WAS WRITTEN AND DIRECTED BY Joss Whedon
user1: I might be interested, but I'd like to know more about it.  What separates it from other Superhero films?  Joss Whedon?  Oh he did "Firefly" which was great.
user1: Any other details you can give me?
user1: Who is in it?
user2: It is the sixth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe
user2: Robert Downey Jr.
user2: AS Tony Strak/Iron man
user1: I see.  Anyone else I might know?
user1: Is it long?
user2: In the film Nick fury, Director of the peacekeeping organization S.H.I.E.L.D, recruits Iron man
user1: Aren't there a bunch of characters that come together in the Avengers films?
user2: yes
user1: Hmm...what else can you tell me?
user2: Chris Evans as Steve Rogers/Captian America
user2: Mark Ruffalo as Bruce Banner/Hulk
user2: Chris Hemsworth as Thor,the crown prince of Asward.
user1: Wow.  That's quite the cast of characters!
user1: Anything else you can tell me about the story?
user2: Is is 143- minute team-origin story
user2: Whedon and his cohurts have managed to stir all the personalities
user1: That's kind of long, but if it's a story about the origin of The Avengers, that makes sense.
user2: yes
user1: Anything else you can tell me?  I'm interested, but still not quite certain it'll be for me.
user2: it is cinema score of A+
user1: Oh wow!
user2: And Metacritic score of 69/100
user1: So critics loved it more than audiences?  That sounds about right.
user2: yes
user1: Awesome!  Thanks for all the info.  Might have to check it out.
user2: ok
user1: See ya!

conversation:
user2: The metacritic score seems lower than I expected.
user1: Hello!  Have you seen The Avengers?
user2: Yeah I've seen it 3 times.
user2: Have you seen it?
user1: Yes I have seen it a few times.
user1: Did you like it?
user1: Who was your favorite character?
user2: Yeah I think it was a good introduction to the series I like the movies in general.
user2: I'd say captain America is my favorite.
user2: Who is your favorite character?
user1: I agree with you that the metacritic score seemed low.
user1: Iron Man is my favorite.  He's so snarky and jerkish.
user2: Yeah I think Robert Downey Jr. was the perfect actor for Tony Stark
user2: I think the key scene is the only thing different on the document doesn't seem like we got much new info to talk about.
user1: That is true lol
user2: By the way are you h uman?
user1: I am
user2: I suppose we might as well talk about the new info then, I think I would have preferred a different plot unrelated to loki for the first movie what about you?
user1: Yes I thought that was an odd way to start the series.
user2: The new stuff reminds me I don't think I can remember the hulk doing anything in the series except going on a rampage you'd think they'd have kicked him out by now. 
user1: He is boring.
user1: He's always getting made and Romanoff has to calm him down.
user2: Yeah can't really have good writing when it comes to a mindless killing machine.
user2: I think how this works is we need to respond to eachother for it to count so you probably have to say something after I do to keep this moving.
user1: The Tesseract was so out there.  So unrealistic.
user2: Yeah didn't feel like a good plot point at all, I think they should have started with the infinity gauntlet stuff.
user1: In the next scene the angry hulk actually does something good 
user1: Being angry pays off
user2: Yeah it was about the only scene in the series I think I liked the hulk.
user2: The missle was a good climax atleast for the movie with IronMan potentially having to sacrifice himself.
user1: Yes.  I didn't think he would make it.
user1: And Thor gets to be the hero to Asgard
user2: Yeah it's kind of weird how after all that loki still gets to live.
user1: Right.  Does Asgard even want Loki back?  Probably not.
user2: Yeah that's the one thing I don't really like about super hero series they're too soft on the guys trying to destroy the world.
user1: They let them live to torment again!
user2: Gotta keep that cash flow coming in can't write them off you might need them for a sequel!
user1: Very true.  Keep the movies coming.  Marvel is good at that.
user2: Did the tesseract ever come up again?  I don't remember if it was relevant in any of the other movies.
user1: Nope I think that was the end of that story line.  
user1: At least as far as I can remember.
user2: I think we've had 3 conversations with the third paragraph that came up does that count as the 4th or something?  I don't know if we're supposed to click finish conversation now or not or something.
user1: I wondered the same thing.  
user1: We could probably try.  I think we just had to respond 15 times total?
user2: I think it was 12 total I think we should be good.
user1: Okay!  Take care!
user2: See ya mate.

conversation:
user1: This movie seems to have landed in the top 20% rating wise
user2: Do you generally watch movies with good or bad ratings? Does it bother you if it's reviewed by something like rotten tomatoes?
user1: Sometimes I will base if im willing to pay the theater price that way. How about you? 
user2: Yes. I will use rotten tomatoes as a guide reference. I enjoyed the Avengers. It was a great action movie with so many different types of superheroes and conflicting personalities working together as a team. Did you like this movie?
user1: I did enjoy the movie.I too am a fan of the action and superhero genre, it was a driving force in why I choose to see it. Do thing like who directed it really influence your willingness to see it? 
user2: No, not really. I mainly look at the trailer to see if it's great. Some times directors are hit or miss for me so I've come to stop relying on it. Did you like Chris Evan's performance as Captain America?
user1: I did enjoy his performance I thought it was incredible, how did you feel about the overall choice in cast? 
user2: Everyone seemed to fit into their characters well and played it well
user1: I agree, I felt that Scarlett Johannson really stood out in her role as well.
user2: Honestly for me, the one that shone through most was Chris Evans. I could not imagine anyone else being Captain America.
user1: He really did nail that role, and the stand alone Captain America movies are an awesome series as well. 
user1: How do you feel about Disney owning the rights to the Marvel universe? 
user2: I hope Disney doesn't mess it up as owners. I know that can happen. 
user1: I agree fully, do you often look at who is involved in distribution? is that ever a deal breaker for you? 
user2: Not really. I'm not extremely involved in the behind the scenes of movies. Did you enjoy the presence of Phil Coulson?
user1: I did, however not as much as Samuel L. Jackson. Were you overall impressed with the cast selection?
user2: Yes, I was. Like I stated earlier, everyone seemed suitable for the character they were cast to play. I think Samuel L. Jackson commanded well and was intimidating in a sense and exuded a great "director of "S.H.I.E.L.D." aura.
user1: How did you feel during the scene when the wormhole opened? 
user2: Shocked! But my wonderment is why Loki didn't just take the Tesseract for himself if it was that easy to steal from Earth
user1: Agreed. Did you enjoy the attack on the Helicarrier? I found it to be exciting and action packed. 
user2: It was definitely exciting. Hulk is so unpredictable you just don't know what you're going to get with him
user2: Did you agree that it was right or wrong for Fury to use Coulson's death as motivation for the Avengers?
user1: Did you find the 
user1: I dont think so, sometimes you have to motivate in unusual ways. 
user1: Do you think the actions of the World Security Council were warrented? 
user2: I don't believe so. When you are controlling a team of superheroes like Nick Fury did, it's either allowing him to control them fully or not at all. Any type of intervention just complicated matters and distracted them from the objective at hand. What do you think?
user1: I agree fully, if the plan had been to use state resources then why bother making a team of super friends? Do you think the Avengers will come through again when needed? 
user2: I'm not sure but did you think their teamwork was as good as it could have been with Stark diverting the missile while Hulk saves him and Hulk and Thor taking care of Loki? Do you think it could have been better? How so?
user1: I think its and all is well that ends well situation. Id imagine its pretty hard to think on your feet while saving the world. How about you? 
user2: Yes, I believe they handled it surprisingly smooth for being paired up for the first time
user1: Do you think things like team dynamic matter in the Marvel Universe? Like do they have an HR? 
user2: They must have some type of internal coordinator all those types of things but I'm not sure. Wouldn't that be Nick Fury?

conversation:
user1: Hi there
user1: How are you
user2: hi
user2: Y u left the chat?

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: Hi
user1: Have you heard about any good movies lately?
user2: Do you like superhero movies? 
user2: Have you seen Marvel's The Avengers yet?
user1: Sometimes.
user1: No, not yet. Have you?
user1: Who is in it?
user2: Robert Downey Jr. as Iron Man
user1: I like him a lot.
user1: Who else?
user2: Christ Evans as Captain America, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson & Jeremy Renner
user1: I like all of those actors.
user1: What is the plot?
user2: S.H.I.E.L.D. recruits Iron Man, Captain America, the Hulk & Thor to stop Loki from taking over the world.
user2: You know, typical superhero plot
user1: It sounds pretty good I guess.
user1: Did it get good reviews?
user2: Was just looking at some reviews - the critics seem to like it. I just went because my friend wanted to go
user1: Did you like it? Would you recommend it?
user2: I'm not a huge superhero fan, but if you want to stay in & have a movie night at home, it would be good to rent on Netflix or Hulu
user1: So you don't think it's necessary to see on the big screen?
user2: Only for Marvel superhero fans
user2: If you're not a huge fan, I'd wait 
user1: Okay, I'm not a big fan. But I heard the Iron Man movies were very good.
user2: It got a Rotton Tomatoes score of 92%
user1: Did the reviews say anything specific about Robert Downey Jr.?
user1: What is the movie rated? PG-13?
user2: It says his character is a team player with 2 superpowers with a sharp tongue 
user1: 92% is pretty high. Even people who aren't fans of superhero movies would probably like it.
user2: I think it's PG-13 (teeny tiny letters even with the zoom - grrr.)
user1: Okay, thanks. I can take my niece and nephew then.
user1: It looks like we've chatted long enough and can finish the conversation. Thanks for all the information!
user2: Oh, good. Thanks for putting up with me. 
user1: It wasn't too bad!
user2: Thank you.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user1: Tell me about the movie!
user2: Hello, so what do you think about the movie The Avengers? Did you like it?
user1: No I haven't. I'm curious as to what it is.
user2: Its about a group of superheroes that join to fight a common evil. It has characters such as Iron Man, Hulk, Thor in it.
user1: Oh wow
user1: I've seen some of those heroes before.
user1: So they teamed up to make one movie or fight one super strong bad guy or something?
user2: Yeah, they team up to fight Thor's evil brother and other villains. Its a really cool movie with great special effects, you should really watch it.
user1: yeah I'll definitely check it out
user1: Although there seems to be so many super hero movies now... 
user2: Yeah, it also has a lot of comedy in it so it doesnt get boring, I have watched it like 4 times and it doesnt get old. 
user1: How do I know which one to watch? Or is the super hero movie like this one the best one to watch because they're all in it.
user2: You should watch Iron Man 1 and 2 first and also first Thor movie to understand the plot better. 
user1: Oh okay, so there definitely is some plot that connects between the super hero world across the movies.
user2: The effects are great and also the music tracks, AC/DC ischaracteristic of IronMan movies. 
user2: Yeah, theres definetely a connection
user1: Thats pretty cool actually, like one giant plot almost
user2: Yeah, theres also a bunch of new super heroes such as Spiderman, Antman, Dr. Strange, Black Panther that will appear in the second movie. 
user2: It has a really interesting plot, 
user1: whoa I haven't even heard of half of those. are they powerful like superman and ironman?
user2: Yeah, almost as powerful but with different abilities, theres even a movie about each one of them as well. 
user2: All part of the Marvel comics universe of movies
user1: thats awesome. I used to think all the universes in those movies/comics were their own existence.
user1: I might have to give some of those movies another try. seems a lot more complex that I thought.
user1: with everything intertwined and such. makes for some pretty good cross movie plot I imagine.
user2: Yeah and its engaging because other superheroes appear in the other heroes movies. 
user2: Iron Man appears in almost all of them
user2: and Robert Downey Jr just cracks me up
user1: I like that, it honestly does get a little boring watching a super hero movie with only 1 hero and 1 villain 
user1: and yeah the actors are so great haha. robert is hilarious 
user2: It has pretty good actors as well such as Chris Hemsworth, Chris Evans, Scarlett Johansson.
user2: And the movie the Avengers has a 92% positive reviews rating
user1: wow thats really well received. everyone must love the movie, because I know how critical some online reviewers are haha.
user2: Yeah, most reviews are positive it also has a CinemaScore of A+ and thats a pretty good thing.
user2: Tells you a lot about a movie
user1: Yeah especially movies with a lot of green screens and special effects. For some reason people are SUPER critical about those movies and how their effects like explosions play out. more so than plot sometimes haha.
user2: Yeah, sound effects tend to be overloaded, but this movie has great ratings and a great plot, 
user2: the only negative rating is of Metacritic Score with a 69/100
user2: but I dont agree with that rating

conversation:
user1: Hello how are you today?
user2: Just fine, and yourself?
user1: I am doing fine as well, thank you.
user2: What do you think of Iron-Man's role in The Avengers?
user1: I actually am not familiar. Can you tell me a bit about it?
user1: bit*
user2: The Avengers  is a Superhero film that was produced in 2012. It included many very familiar characters such as Iron Man, Captain America, the Hulk, Thor,  Black Widow, and Hawkeye.
user1: Oh wow seems like an action packed movie!

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hey there!
user2: Tell me about the movie
user1: The movie was called "The Avengers" With Robert Downing Jr.. He plays an amazing Iron Man. 
user2: Wow that sounds great
user2: IS is good
user2: Is it good?
user1: Yes it is! 
user2: Is it funny?
user1: It is funny. RDJ definitely is witty and snarky. He makes for excellent comedic relief
user2: What is your favorite thing about it?
user1: My favorite thing would have to be how the whole cast is an all star cast. So you know your getting talented actors who know how to fulfill their rolls.
user1: Joss Whedon also is a great director that a lot of people can stand behind
user1: Do you like Superhero Movies?
user2: Not so much
user2: I believe I have made a decision about if I will watch the movie
user1: I can definitely see why people wouldnt like superhero movies, it can be difficult to grasp the outlandish plot. Thor and Loki, definitely provide for that in this movie.
user1: What is your decision on the movie?
user2: I grasp the plot just fine.  It's not complicated.
user2: I have already seen it.
user1: What did you not like about the movie? or liked?
user1: I thought a lot of the scenes had good visual appeal and action, like when Loki opened the Wormhole over starktower
user1: That seemed pretty coool.
user2: I liked it at the time.  It's just not the best movie ever or anything.  
user1: I can agree with that. There have DEFINITELY been better movies. I enjoyed it because it had some drama and crisis here and there. Plus Scarlett Johansson is enough reason to see the movie as well.
user2: Why is that?
user2: She's not a great actress.
user1: I just think that her role in the movie was great with her charming looks. I'm not very well versed in the world of acting but too me, she seemed to hit a bone with me. Especially the way she portrayed black widow.
user2: Where are you from?
user1: I am from the U.S. but did you remember the part where loki took over the S.H.I.E.L.D Facility? I thought that was a cool start to the movie and a great way to introduce the tesseract
user2: I don't believe you are real.
user1: I am real. We should just be talking about the movie, as is our objective. Did you like the part where they nodded that the avengers would return at the end of the movie? I was looking forward to seeing more. 

conversation:
user1: So, do you like The Avengers movie?
user2: Did you like the role of rober downey jr as iron man?
user2: Oh yes. Absolutely 
user1: I did, I think he did an awesome job. Which character was your favorite?
user2: Iron man has always been my favorite character 
user2: What about you?
user1: Same here. I also like Scarlett Johansson as Black Widow. 
user2: Yes she is truly amazing 
user2: Did you like the CGI effects on hulk?
user2: I think it gets better every movie
user1: I agree, every movie seems to look better than the last. Who was your least favorite superhero? 
user2: Thor
user2: I don’t like the idea of a God figure among superheroes 
user2: What was your favorite scene in the movie?
user1: Yeah, that makes sense. I think any scene with Iron Man is great. 
user2: What about Loki?
user2: The idea of a God of mischief 
user1: I actually kinda like Loki. I like him more than Thor. If there's going to be a god in these, I prefer one of mischief. 
user1: Should we move on to the next document? 
user2: Yes that really makes sense 
user2: Yes
user1: Actually, I'm not sure how to do that, it won't let me switch. 
user2: It did for me.....
user2: Its the scene about the tesseract
user2: Remember the naked doctor on the terrace?
user1: Okay, it just switched for me. 
user2: Who opens up the wormhole
user1: Yeah, so Loki can reach earth. 
user2: Yes
user2: He does it using one of his mischievous tricks of deception 
user1: Yeah, and he enslaves Hawkeye. 
user2: Yeah
user2: A character named coulson dies
user2: And the avengers try to avenge him
user1: Yeah, and then Loki opens a wormhole over Stark Tower. 
user1: And then Hulk beats the crap out of Loki. 
user1: Do you think the rotten tomatoes rating was a good rating for this movie? 
user1: Hello?

conversation:
user1: this is a very good movie with wth jiss whedons witty  and superhero stuff  wowo
user1: The name of hte move is the avengers
user2: What is the name of the movie
user2: oh i like that
user1: the cast is all star downey jr   as tony stark and chris evans as steve rogers for starters
user2: really  interesting love downey jr as action hero
user1: this is a 2012 movie by the way
user2: thats ok still worth seeing for what you are saying so far
user1: Universe. The film was writtenand directed by Joss Whedon and features an ensemble cast that includes Robert Downey Jr.,Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson, Jeremy Renner, TomHiddleston, Clark Gregg, Cobie Smulders, Stellan Skarsgård, and Samuel L. Jackson. In the film,Nick Fury, director of the peacekeeping organization
user2: I am familrar with some of theses names but not all
user1: rotten tomatis gave it a 92
user2: thats not to bad at all    I would like to see it on prime amazon
user2: so is this movie rated r
user2: or is this a g
user2: wondering if good for the kids
user1: well i am not sure really
user1: cinima score is a plus
user2: oh  
user1: have you seen josh whedon movies
user2: not sure What other movies has he done
user1: dont know
user1: why
user2: thats ok
user2: so tell me more about hte aventgers
user1: well chris hemsworth is THor thats neat
user2: awesome     Thor is great character
user2: was in anoher
user1: and Scarlet johansson is very excellent as actor
user1: in this they revelaion shield   plan to harness teh teseract to make weaposn
user2: ah
user1: they try to defend ny city  the worm hole locaion sounds good 
user2: oh yea  i am gona see it for sure
user1: at some point stark intercepts the missle and take it thru the wormhole  it denotnates and deestroys chitauri mohterhsip
user2: well i have seen this kind of stuff   sci fi acion  
user1: Thor finaly returns loki and tesseract ot asgard whel fury express confident that they will return if needed
user2: oh so typical 
user2: yes 
user1: this is a good movie  nad cast

conversation:
user1: hai
user2: hai
user2: You watch moive
user2: moive
user1: yes
user2: Which 
user2: U like marvel movie
user1: yes
user1: i like this movie
user2: Which character do u like 
user2: i like Iron Man
user2: Good speech
user2: good actor 
user1: i like iron man
user1: yes 
user1: he is a very good actor
user2: You see both part
user1: yes 
user2: Which part you like very much 
user1: second part
user1: i like
user2: oh..super ..i like also 2nd part.
user1: wow 
user1: i like another one character 
user1: hai
user1: than

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hello
user2: Have you seen Avengers?
user1: Yes, it was pretty good
user2: Who was your favorite character?
user1: Iron Man for sure
user2: Yeah he was mine too.
user1: I liked Robert Downey Jr's potrayal of him
user2: Who was your least favorite?
user1: Probably Black Widow
user2: I thought she was kind of boring too.
user1: I'm not a big Scarlett Johansson fan
user1: no chemistry with the other characters
user1: I liked Thor too
user1: He was pretty cool
user2: I don't think she is as great as everyone makes her to be.
user1: Who directed the movie?
user2: Thor was pretty bland in the first movie.
user2: Joss Sweden right?
user1: Ah, I think it's Joss Whedon
user1: I can't remember the plot line
user1: what happened exactly in the movie?
user2: Its where Loki tries to take over.
user1: Who was Loki?
user2: Thors brother.
user1: Ah okay
user1: Who was their father?
user2: It has the big fight with the worm hole and iron man almost gets stuck in space.
user1: I don't remember that part
user2: Did you like Hawkeye?
user1: Not really
user1: He's the one with the arrows right?
user2: Yeah
user1: Yeah, not that cool
user1: how does an arrow do so much damage
user2: He was boring in the movie.
user2: I wouldn't think so to super heros/ aliens
user1: Yeah, I agree
user2: Hulk looked pretty badass
user1: Yeah he was cool
user1: I think he was played by Mark Ruffalo
user2: How do think Nick Fury got his eye patch?
user1: He probably got in a bar fight
user1: someone stabbed him with a broken bottle
user2: Lol
user2: Drunken Nick Fury should have been in the movie
user2: I did this hit the other day and we were done by now.  
user1: that would be interesting
user1: I think we can submit now
user1: thanks, have a good day

conversation:
user2: hi
user2: hi
user2: did you see superhero (2012) movie?
user2: this film is released in the name of THE AVENGERS(2012)
user2: THIS STORY IS BASED ON MARVEL COMICS
user2: DID YOU LIKE THE AVENGERS?
user1: The movie the Avengers is based off the 1060s television series.
user1: yes, I like the Avengers
user1: How about you?
user2: THAT MOVIE WAS DIRECTED BY JOSS WHEDON
user1: I also like Dead Pool. Can't wait for the sequel to come out.
user1: Wonderful, did not know
user1: What else has Hedon directed?
user2: YES I LIKE TOO. BUT THE RATING OF AVENGER IS WORST
user2: YES I LIKE DEAD POOL MOVIE
user1: Oh, I see. Too bad
user2: YES
user1: I love that movie. So unexpected of the way we think a superhero should be
user1: Have you seen the first Dead Pool movie? I did
user2: I LIKE THE SCENE IN AVENGER IS Loki takes the Tesseract and uses hisscepter to enslave Selvig and a couple of other agents, including Clint Barton, to aid him inhis getaway.
user1: Sounds funny
user2: YES
user2: DID YOU LIKE IRON MAN MOVIE
user1: That was good, I like movies that have Mickey Rourke in them!
user2: DID YOU KNOW THAT Robert Downey Jr. as Tony Stark
user1: And Robert Downey Jr. too No I didn't
user2: THE HULK IS ALSO A GOOD MOVIE
user2: I LOVED IT
user1: Yeah
user2: while the Hulk falls to the ground after attacking a S.H.I.E.L.D. fighter jet. Fury usesCoulson's death to motivate the Avengers into working as a team.
user2: DID YOU SEE THE MOVIE CAPTAIN AMERICA
user1: No I did not
user1: I assume you did and that you like it?
user2: ONE OF MY FAVORITE MOVIE
user2: Rogers, Stark, Romanoff, Barton, and Thor rally in defense of New York City, thewormhole's location. Banner arrives and transforms into the Hulk, and together theAvengers battle the Chitauri while evacuating civilians.
user1: Great that sounds like a epic movie
user2: GOOD RATING FOR THIS MOVIE
user1: I might keep that in mind. How abou tthe batman movies?
user2: MY FOREVER FAVORITE MOVIE IS THE HULK
user2: YEAH I LIKE THAT TOO
user1: My fave movie is The Dark Knight. I could watch that movie over and over again!

conversation:
user2: This sequel managed to still be as good as the original.
user1: You would think after 6 films, I would get bored
user1: Marvel just doesn't disappoint
user2: Exactly. The awesome cast helped too in my opinion.
user2: Do you generally enjoy superhero movies?
user1: Jeremy Renner as Hawkeye was pretty brilliant
user1: Yes, I've seen all the Iron Man at least a dozen times, my favorite
user2: I agree and Robert Downey Junior was amazing as Iron Man as always.
user1: I'm looking forward to more S.H.I.E.L.D. action. Love they started em off with the team origin
user2: Funny you would mention Iron Man just as I was typing about it. This film certainly sets the stage for more to come.
user1: I was not expecting Loki in this movie at all, The way he came in fits the character though
user1: Always with the scientists right 
user2: riht
user2: righrt
user1: and the first thing he does is start enslaving folks
user2: rotten tomatoes gives it a high score.w orth watching.
user1: CinemaScore too, I completely agree
user1: I enjoyed the tensions between the heros too, makes sense with all their different approaches
user1: Gave Loki the perfect opening though, eh
user2: the wormwhole Loki opened up with the tesseract is a good action scene.
user2: my favorite hero is thor hands down.
user1: I thought it was the scientists opened it and he just came through
user1: yea , cause then he takes it once on Earth to make the agents help him get away
user1: lol right right, later, at the Stark Tower, duh
user2: Did you know the film was 143 minutes long? It flew by.
user1: yea, it didn't seem that long. must have been all the action
user1: I know there was a lot of saving, but I still felt like it was Iron Man saving the day. 
user2: Right. I knew there would he trouble when Loki made that deal with the other for his Army.
user2: Very true. It was lucky that Hulk saved him when he fell through the wormhole though.
user1: Certainly needed a team for this one lol
user1: I really like Fury's assertion that we would see the Avengers again, like Marvel telling us they aren't done yet
user2: You're right about that. Even though they became divided over a few things.
user2: Me too. I'm looking forward to the next cgapter.
user1: I'd bet the defeat was public enough that it won't be Loki causing problems again, they got his ego right
user2: And thats exactly what mattered. Its been great chatting with you.
user1: Wonder what ever happened to those scientists at the beginning. 
user1: you too
user2: Thank you. Good night.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Good morning. 
user1: You really need to see Marvel's The Avengers. 
user2: What is it about
user1: Iron Man, Captain America, The Hulk, and Thor get recruited to team up and stop Loki from subjugating Earrth.
user2: Who are the actors that play in it
user1: The movie stars Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johannson, Jeremy Renner, and Tom Hiddleston.
user2: Those are good actors 
user2: Does it have a rating
user1: They are definitely famous and well known. It does have a rating, but I'm not sure what it is.

conversation:
user2: First off, i cannot stand tony starks arrogance.
user1: I think Tony Stark is funny sometimes
user2: Im tired of them changing the hulk character.
user1: I like Mark Ruffalo
user1: I've never seen the other Hulk movies
user1: Who is your favorite in this movie?
user2: He is funny but the arrogance gets on my nerves.
user2: Thor
user1: Black Widow is a badass
user2: O agree
user2: Theyve had as many hulk changes as batman changes. Stick with one guys.
user2: Have you read the comics?
user1: I wish Loki was in all of the movies
user2: That would definitely be more interesting and entertaining.
user1: No I haven't read any comics. 
user1: Have you?
user2: No
user2: I want to because im the type that likes the details and the imagery from the readinf
user1: Have you seen agents of SHIELD?
user1: I do too, but I just google it I guess instead of going to the source.
user2: No, ive wanted to start it but i just started gotham
user2: I will be watching the new avengers movie that is coming out
user1: I am excited for that one
user2: Yes me as well
user1: I haven't seen the latest Thor movie though, need to
user1: I don't understand why sometimes Thor interferes with Earth, and sometimes he's nowhere to be found
user2: Me either, i would like to watch them all back to back like star wars
user2: I figured he was either om his planet if he wasnt on earth
user1: Thats probably true
user2: What other movies are you intereted in?
user1: Or why can't he take the other avengers to Asgard when they need help?
user2: Maybe you have to be from asgard
user1: Or could he only take his girlfriend because she had that ether stuff
user2: Or there will be consequences 
user2: Thats what im thinking
user1: I think Loki's dad should have told him the truth a long time ago, would have saved a lot of trouble
user2: Maybe since hes powerful hes able to take her but not other people
user2: Yes it seemed like they threw some human stuff in there like parents not telling the children tjeyre adopted
user1: It makes you feel for them, but could have been handled better
user2: Definitely
user2: How lomg are these conversations supposed to last?
user1: I know people were upset in this movie when Agent Coulson was killed off
user1: I don't know, I've never done one of these before
user2: Ohbyeah. I love when you cannot predict the ending though
user2: Me either
user2: Should we push finish conversation?
user1: Haha yeah I think so
user1: Nice talking to you
user2: Lol same tp u

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: Hi
user1: so you have read about a movie?
user2: Yes a little.
user1: do you need more time or are you ready to talk about it
user2: I'm ready. The movie is The Avengers.
user1: ok great! i wish it was one i did not know so much about but I will set that aside haha
user1: could you tell me about it
user2: Haha. It was released in 2012 and it is a superhero movie.
user2: The characters are based on the Marvel Comics characters
user1: oh nice, so there are several heros?
user2: Yes, Iron man, Captain America, The Hulk, Black Widow, and Hawkeye to name a few.
user1: do they work together as a team or separate
user2: They start start out a little separated but have to come together to fight a threat from Thor's brother Loki.
user1: so loki is the villian?
user2: Yes Loki is the main villain in the movie. 
user1: is there any comedy in the movie
user2: Yes there is. The director is Joss Whedon and most of his movies always have comedy.
user1: thats great! i love some comedy, so i am guessing it has a lot of action because it is superheros but am i right in that assumption
user2: Yes there is a lot of action.
user1: are the avengers all male or female or a mix
user2: There is a mix. Most of them are males but you have Black Widow and one shield agent who is kind of part of the team.
user1: oh good, I bet that makes it more interesting. where is the movie set?
user1: like what city
user2: There are many cities but the main battle is in New York city.
user1: I thats exciting! I live in nyc so that really makes me interested to watch it and see if things look familiar. Do the avengers work well together?
user2: Things are rough between them at first but by the end of the movie they are working well as a team.
user1: rough because of personality clashes or what?
user2: Yes Iron Man has a hard time working with the other teammates. They all have strong personalities which makes it a little hard at first. Also Loki does his best to divide them.
user1: that makes sense, speaking of loki, is that hard for thor to fight his brother?
user1: oh it looks like we can finish the conversation, thank you so much for telling me about the movie!
user2: thank you

conversation:
user2: HI
user1: HAI
user1: HELLO
user1: HI
user2: DID U SEE THIS FILM THE AVENGERS 2012
user2: THE FILM IS VERY GOOD
user2: I LIKE THIS MOVIE
user1: YEAH I SAW THAT MOVIE
user1: DID YOU SEE THAT MOVIE 
user2: S  I SAW THIS MOVIE
user1: REALLY 
user2: IT IS VERY GOOD MOVIE
user2: OFCOURSE
user1: DID YOU REMINDER THAT MOVIE SCENES 
user2: THIS FILM IS BASED ON THE MARVEL OMICS SUPERHERO TEAM
user1: YEAH MARVEL STUDIO IS MOST POPULAR IN THE HOLLYWOOD FILM INDUSTRY 
user2: SS I KNOW
user1: GOOD
user1: YOU KNOW THAT KAWKEYE COMIC
user2: NOW IT IS ABOUT comics
user1: IT'S REALLY GOOD
user1: I LIKE THE MARVEL COMICS,MOVIES,AND ANIMATIONS 
user2: S THE ANIMATIONS ARE GOOD. CHILDREN'S LIKE THIS VERY MUCH
user1: I'M ALSO LIKE ANIMATIONS AND CARTOONS 
user2: DID YOU KNOW ANY THING SPECIAL IN THIS MOVIE
user1: MOSTLY MARVEL PRESENTS ARE THE SUPERHEROS AND ADVENTURES
user1: SO IT'S ALSO SUPER HERO COMIC
user2: OH I C. ANYWAY IT IS VERY NICE TO WATCH THIS MOVIE
user1: YES
user2: DID YOU The film was writtenand directed by Joss Whedon and features an ensemble cast that includes Robert Downey Jr.,Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson, Jeremy Renner, TomHiddleston, Clark Gregg, Cobie Smulders, Stellan Skarsgård, and Samuel L. Jackson. In the film,Nick Fury, director of the peacekeeping organization S.H.I.E.L.D.,
user1: I KNOW
user1: OK 
user1: THIS CONVERSATION IS VERY BORE 
user1: HELLO
user1: ARE YOU FROM
user2: YES

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hi there!
user2: What did you think about the cast of ironman
user1: Robert Downey Jr.? I think he's literally the perfect actor for this movie.
user2: Yeah I agree, Chris evans was really good too I think
user2: What about Chris Hemsworth
user2: as Thor
user1: Definitely a good choice, and I like how he actually uses his superpowers a lot in the movie.
user2: Agreed.  Scarlett Johansson was a great female lead I thought, and very attractive.
user1: Definitely! I can agree with that too :)
user1: I also love Samuel L. Jackson's appearance; I love how he fits Director Fury so well
user2: While far fetched fantasy isn't really my thing, I enjoyed the movie in most part because the action was well done, and the fantasy aspects weren't too far beyond belief
user1: I didn't realize the villain was named the Other. I missed that part haha
user1: I'm also surprised that Metacritic didn't like The Avengers
user2: Yea me neither! Loki was quite the protagonist in my opinion.  I think the audience doesn't know whether to love him or loathe him, or maybe they love to loathe him
user2: I'm not familiar with metacritic but there is so much lofty fantasy in these films (even if they're comic book based) that it isn't too shocking for me.  These movies are really just action injected summer big names block busters
user2: i think the directors know they can get away with under developed story lines
user1: Everyone just wants good choreography and graphics nowadays haha
user2: totally
user2: make it go boom with pretty faces and funny catch lines
user2: and then make it go boom some more
user1: The target audience is definitely family friendly too, that might be half of it
user1: The comics are dark. lol
user2: yep true
user1: "Coulson's death"
user1: Literally the most jarring scene
user2: wait which one was coulson
user1: The badass SHIELD agent
user2: oh yea
user2: how can i forget the hulk
user1: I still dont remmber who this Other person is
user2: the bad guys
user1: Nah that's Banner
user1: Yeah but I forgot the Other specifically
user2: they're on the receiving end of the boom, that's all the audience needs to know
user1: That's true haha
user2: yeah i was just referencing the new paragraph that started talking about the hulk
user1: Ahh
user1: I wonder if the Chitauri ever return in the Avengers cinematic universe
user2: yea dunno.  the next one ties them ALLLL together
user2: that will be interesting
user1: I'm actually a bit behind; I just watched Guardians of the Galaxy
user2: i mean if you're looking for ways to create another multimillion dollar sequel, start linking them all together!
user2: the first one?
user1: Yeah...
user2: i was not eager to see it, but ended up liking it
user2: i like pratt 
user2: i haven't seen the second one yet
user1: Yeah, that was the last one I watched

conversation:
user2: Wow!  This movie has a great cast!
user2: Have you seen it?
user1: I just saw that!! I love Robert Downey Jr., no I haven't seen it yet.
user2: I haven't seen it either.  I love Chris Hemsworth.  Who doesn't??
user1: Chris Helmsworth plays Thor, I bet that is awesome
user2: Exactly!
user1: I love Vikings stuff
user1: Wow Downey is playing Stark again
user2: I like superhero action films.  Maybe because my son loves them!
user1: Man I've got to see this
user2: I think that it would definitely hold a viewers attention for the full movie.
user2: I'd like to see it as well!
user1: Loki
user1: He's the Norse god of mischief I think
user2: Yes!  I believe so.  Is he in this though?  I don't see his name listed!
user1: I've heard of a Tesseract beofre
user1: Its up in the Key Scene
user2: Oh!  I see now.
user1: So Loki got to earth through a wormhole the Tesseract opened and he's going to try to take over the world I think
user2: It received great ratings!  I always look for that before I watch a movie.
user1: OMG it has the Hulk in it too!
user2: He's bad news, that's for sure!
user1: Yeah it says he and Thor fight it out
user2: It has a lot of those heros in it!
user1: And now they're trying to defend NYC!
user2: Is it still in the theaters?  I don't think that it is.
user1: No, but I bet it has a sequel, he review said it was a 7 part series I think.
user2: Okay, so I would probably need to watch the other movies first.
user1: Take that back.  This film is the 6th in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
user2: Have you see the other ones?
user1: No, I am going to now though.  I had no idea.
user2: Me too!  Nice talking with you!
user1: Yes, same here.

conversation:
user1: Hello, did you enjoy the movie "The Avengers"? 
user2: I did! Did you enjoy the movie "The Avengers"?
user1: Yes, I did! It got excellent reviews. I particularly enjoyed Mark Ruffalo's performance. Who was your favourite actor in the movie?
user2: Good to hear! Robert Downey Jr.'s performance was particularly enjoyable for me. I also liked Mark Ruffalo in the movie, though I am not sure what the paper means by him being a "revelation". Do you know?
user1: I think the reviewer is referring to his swift change of mood, for example how he demonstrated that he was both "calm" and "ready to become a volcano." Did you also enjoy Ruffalo's acting?
user2: That makes more sense now! I did enjoy Ruffalo's acting. Did you enjoy or notice Robert Downey Jr.'s acting?
user1: I did! I agree that he has a good grasp of "self-irony." I agreed that the film was witty overall and he definitely contributed. Do you generally enjoy superhero films? 
user2: I do enjoy superhero films more than others. I enjoyed this movie in particular and Joss Whedon's witty take on the story.
user1: Yes, I found it very entertaining. Have you seen the previous five films in the Marvel Cinematic Universe? 
user2: I have seen most of them, but not all. Have you seen all of the previous films leading up to "The Avengers"?
user1: I have! What did you think of the plot of the film? I was really shocked by the scene where Clint Barton was forced to help Loki escape. 
user2: I found the entirety of the film to be engaging, though yes, the scene where Clint Barton was enslaved by Loki's scepter to be a real turning point. I think the rating given by Rotten Tomatoes was very accurate. Do you agree with the Rotten Tomatoes' rating?
user1: I do! The critical reviews were good and I found the film to be engaging and witty. Also I like movies with a large ensemble cast.
user2: i
user1: What did you think of the Chitauri?
user2: I don't always like movies with a large ensemble cast, but "The Avengers" was enough to change my opinion.  The Chitauri were an extraterrestrial race, but I do not think they were anything special.
user1: It is pretty scary that they were trying to obtain such a powerful object. Why don't you like films with ensemble casts? Do you find them too crowded?
user2: I agree. I find that sometimes films with ensemble casts don't always have the best writing and tend to depend more on the amount of characters. Quantity over quality, if you will. I did not find that to be the case with "The Avengers" however.
user1: Yeah, Joss Whedon wrote very funny dialogue. That kept the movie from being too formulaic. 
user2: I found the humor to be witty and entertaining myself. What did you think of the character Loki?
user1: I thought it was wrong to possess the SHIELD agents. He caused a lot of harm and he seemed to be very self-absorbed. 
user2: I agree. I did not enjoy the part where he killed Agent Coulson, though it did inspire the Avengers to work together.
user1: That's true. I did not enjoy watching the Avengers fight each other. I found Agent Romanoff's fight with Agent Barton to be rather upsetting since they seem to be friends otherwise.
user1: I was glad to see at the end that they seemed to be suggesting the Avengers might return for a sequel. 
user2: There were a few upsetting parts of the film, though that did add to the quality of it. Tony Stark falling out of the sky was upsetting for me, especially after the battle.
user1: I was very relieved to see that he was saved by the Hulk!
user1: An example of the team working well together. 
user2: Agreed, especially after the Hulk's transformation on the Helicarrier.
user1: Yes that was very worrying. I also was worried he might get hurt when he fell to the ground after attacking the jet. 
user2: The scene of the battle was very worrying, many things were happening at once.

conversation:
user2: hi
user2: hi friend
user2: are you there
user2: which scene like the film 
user1: I like the fighting scenes when all of the Avengers come together to fight against Loki. How about you?
user2: i like all scene
user2: interested in this film 
user1: Which character do you like the best?
user1: I loved the movie! Very action packed.
user2: i like that hero character
user2: yes i too love the action packed movie
user1: The Avengers are all hero characters. Which specific character did you enjoy the best, e.g. Iron Man, The Hulk, Captain America, Thor?
user1: Are you still there?
user1: It appears User 2 left the chat at approximately 10:33AM CT. I will wait 5 minutes before aborting the conversation.

conversation:
user2: Avangers ( 2002 ) was a Marvel's one of the best movie.
user1: Chris Hemsworth did an amazing job playing Thor in The Avengers.
user1: They teamed up to stop Thor's brother Loki.
user2: Yes,   Hulk was the most important role in that movie. 
user2: Mark Ruffalo acting was good
user1: Yes and Captain America always helped
user1: He is the one with the shield?
user2: Yes, correct I agreed.   Scarlett Johansson As Natasha Romanoff was a good actor. She is great support role to Hulk.
user1: And then there is Iron Man played by Robert Downey Jr.
user2: The director Joss Whedon got a lot of skill.
user1: The best scene when Loki finds the alien leader
user2: the key scenes of the avengers ( 2002 ) movie is The Asgardian Loki encounters the Other, the leader of an extraterrestrial race known as theChitauri. In exchange for retrieving the Tesseract, a powerful energy source of unknownpotential, the Other promises Loki an army with which he can subjugate Earth. Nick Fury,director of the espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D., and his lieutenant Agent Maria Hill arrive at aremote research facility during an evacuation, where physicist Dr. Erik Selvig is leading aresearch team experimenting on the Tesseract.
user2: And  Agent Phil Coulson explains that the objecthas begun radiating an unusual form of energy. The Tesseract suddenly activates andopens a wormhole, allowing Loki to reach Earth. Loki takes the Tesseract and uses hisscepter to enslave Selvig and a couple of other agents, including Clint Barton, to aid him in his gateway
user1: Did you see CinemaScore: A+
user2: sorry for my mistake the Avenger release year 2012 instead of 2002
user1: Yes 2012
user2: yes I saw it.
user1: why score only 69/100
user2: I don't know about it. But in my point of view Avengers is a great movie
user2: It's  Budget	$220 million
user1: I like how they were divided about how to approach but in the end they unite and win.
user2: And it's collect  Box office  $1.519 billion.   
user1: Did anyone die in the movie, any superhero
user2: No.
user1: Hulk beat Loki into submission
user2: ya. Really great action scenes. 
user1: They use Loki scepter to shut down the generator
user2: The Cinematography was awesome.
user1: They take a missle through a wormhole and destroy the alien ship
user2: Tony Stark did it.
user2: The Avengers become divided, due to approach Loki and the revelation thatS.H.I.E.L.D.

conversation:
user2: I love anything with Iron Man, especially since Robert Downey Jr is Tony Stark.
user1: Yeah, there is certainly an all-star cast involved.
user1: Do you feel that humor plays a large role in this film?
user2: This is why America is great, and we have Captain America.  
user1: Sorry, got ahead of myself there. Do you think humor is an important part of the film?
user2: Yes humor is huge, a lot of people say the humor is so important.  Thanks to the characters and director. 
user1: It seems like the humor counterbalances what could otherwise be a somewhat traditional superhero formula film.
user2: I agree, Batman never has any humor, the director Joss Whedon is credited with writing as well
user2: what next?
user1: Yes, both writing and directing certainly allows creative vision to unfold to its fullest. With Scarlett Johansen and even Samuel Jackson involved, et seems like he was reaching for the stars, though Samuel Jackson seems to have ended up with a smaller role.
user2: I also like Rufflalo and how he is used in the film.  He is perfect for the Hulk.
user2: I really think Tony Stark is the funniest.
user2: I like how Iron Man is a team player.
user1: The first key scene is a bit complex, but anything involving a wormhole has my attention...
user2: Did you find the 143 minutes to be too long?
user1: For me personally, a 143-minute film usually has to be a bit less predictable, humor notwithstanding, but I like the superheroes.
user2: Yes, anything with superheroes is a winner.
user1: I never quite got what S.H.I.E.L.D. stands for.
user2: In this film we need to protect the Tesseract before Loki can get; otherwise, he will give it to the other
user1: But he does get it and opens wormholes right and left! :-)
user2: Well, it activates and then that creates the wormhole that he travels through to get to earth.
user1: Loki is the type who is not easily satisfied...
user2: I don't know if they should use the power of the Tesseract because it could back fire.  Maybe we should just protect it.
user2: Yes, Loki doesn't understand not getting his way, I agree.
user2: Did you like how the Helicarrier appears, and the attack begins.
user1: Yeah, and it seems that the Avengers backfire against themselves with all their infighting. 
user2: It seems Loki will do anything for power.
user2: I like the scene when Coulson dies but Fury uses that to motivate the Avengers to fight and win.
user1: The final battle in New York is a classic superhero film ending scene - pretty exciting. WIth one final wormhole...
user2: The final battle is awesome. This is when Loki uses the Tesseract to reek havoc.  All the Avengers are going to have to work together.
user1: A classic film dynamic: Internal conflict replaced by unity against a common enemy.
user1: Pretty impressive to intercept a nuclear missile and redirect it into a wormhole. But that's Iron Man for you. :-)
user2: I just don't like that a superhero died
user1: Yeah, it takes a tragedy to unite people (or superheroes) sometimes.
user2: I like it when the Hulk finally gets Loki and beats him up, so funny.
user2: It was also really cool how Fury used the nuclear weapon against the Other.
user2: Fury's superiors were going to use the nuclear weapon against New York.  Thank God for Fury.
user1: And for Iron Man / Stark... He redirected the missile.
user2: And then it directly hit Chitauri's mothership, which disabled all his forces on Earth.
user1: Do you agree with the rating of the movie?
user2: Yes, 92% from Rotten Tomatoes, so yes, I agree.  What about you.
user1: I think the CinemaScore rating is a little extreme, but yeah Rotten Tomatoes is about right.
user1: Anyway, I think we have about covered it, haven't we?
user2: What do we do?
user2: Did you get that last text, I really don't know what is next?
user1: Click on "Finish Conversation", I think... Gonna try it now... Thanks for the chat.

conversation:
user1: hi! 
user2: Hello.
user1: am I telling you about a movie, or vice versa?
user2: Not sure I think we are suppose to talk about the movie.
user1: ok...but what movie? haha
user2: The Avengers i guess.
user1: ok...I've never seen it but I know a bit about it. Its a superhero movie with Tony Stark right?
user2: Right i seen it along time ago cant really remember it though. 
user1: would you watch it again?
user2: I know what to do now.
user1: lol okay. I'm following your lead
user2: Do you see a document on your end?
user1: I dont. I know one of us is supposed to have a movie to describe to the other, but I dont have one
user2: Ok i have it.
user1: alright. Ready and listening

conversation:
user2: Hello
user2: How are you today?
user1: Hi! I'm great, how are you
user2: I am doing well today.
user2: Have you seen the original Avengers movie?
user1: I actually haven't
user1: I've see a sequel I think
user1: But it was a while ago
user2: Are you a fan of the Marvel Universe or comics?
user1: I like the Marvel Universe, or what I've seen of it
user1: and I was a big fan of the original spiderman comics
user2: This movie was great, I grew up with older comics and cartoons, so It is great to see them all on the big screen.
user1: What's it about?
user2: Assembling a team of Super Heroes who protect man-kind
user1: Which superheros are in it?
user1: I know Iron Man is one
user2: It has Thor, Iron Man, Hulk, Captain America, Black Widow and Hawkeye
user2: Those are the main characters
user1: That sounds awesome. Who plays those characters?
user2: Robert Downey Jr. is the cocky Iron Man
user2: Chris Evans is Captain America
user1: I love Chris Evans
user2: Mark Ruffalo plays the scientist turned Hulk
user2: Scarlett Johansson play the Russian Spy/Assassin Black Widow
user2: Jeremy Renner play the Agent Bow and Arrow equipped Hawkeye
user2: Chris Evans is pretty awesome
user1: A star-studded cast. How is Scarlett Johansson in it?
user1: I mean how's her acting
user2: She is great, makes the trained spy look easy
user2: There are so many Marvel movies and shows out now, all entwining with each other somehow
user2: New Black Panther comes out soon, if not already
user1: I'm so excited about Black Panther!
user1: Are there any characters in both The Avengers and Black Panther?
user2: Yeah, he was a great character added to the last major Marvel Movie, Captain America: Civil War
user1: Who directed the Avengers? Is it the same director as Black Panther?
user2: As far as I know I think its just Black Panther in his own movie, maybe some of the Avengers are in it oo.
user2: *too
user2: Joss Whedon did the Avengers, I'm not sure who did the new Black Panther
user1: I've liked stuff Joss Whedon did in the past
user2: I do too!

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: Hello!
user1: Have you ever seen the avengers?
user2: Yes
user1: Did you enjoy? Would you recommend it to someone?
user2: Yeah, I liked it
user2: I would recommend to others
user1: It's got a lot of good actors in. Mark Ruffalo is my favorite
user2: I like him too
user1: I really like the banter between him and Iron Man
user2: who else is in it?
user2: that you like

conversation:
user2: To start out. I loved The Avengers
user1: Yes it was good. 
user2: To be honest, the newer improved Marvel films blow it out of the water, but a fine film
user1: It got reviews too. It has a 8/10 on rotten tomatoes.
user1: Yes it was good for it's time.
user1: I liked Scarlett Johansson as Natasha Romanoff / Black Widow.
user1: I am glad that the same trillion celebrities get to continue to make trillions of dollars pretending to be people. They deserve it because they were built with the correct bodies and we are stupid slaves.
user1: These people would never take 2 minutes out of their day to watch me do something but I need to watch everything they do for eternity.
user2: Thats so impressive for a superhero film! In a way you are correct, but they got to that point because they are all incredible actores
user2: The Iron Man was a real teamplayer and im happy they wrote the film in that direction
user1: Yes, it had nothing to do with any other factors. There are people curing diseases, but people who pretend to be other people make 1000x more money than them because they try harder than scientists.
user2: When Walt Disney bought this Franchise I knew great things would come about from it
user1: Yes good thing they keep using resources on these movies while people starve to death.
user1: I liked the beginning when Loki encountered the Other.
user2: Because they pretend on a gigantic screen and millions watch because they are good films
user1: That was a solid scene.
user1: If only there were real avengers who could make sure nobody is homeless.
user2: A temporary vacation. And The Avengers film knocked it out of the ballpark for its time
user1: That is what I think about watching this movie.
user1: The good thing about super hero movies is they inspire people to think about helping others and overcoming impossible odds.
user2: What i was thinking about was how good their next films will be
user2: I heard that Black Panther is about to take this franchise to the next level
user1: I liked how Loki didn't just want to take people out he wanted to validate himself so he wanted to publicly take people out. 
user2: That was one of the finest scenes in the movie
user2: There are so many parellels to this film and reality, oddly enough
user1: It was definitely cool. Then they opened a wormhole above Stark Tower.
user2: I felt they could've worked on Black Widows and Hawkeyes character with alot more dialogue 
user1: Yes they made more films that went into more didn't they?
user2: Somewhat. Ultron gave them all a weird nightmarish state to be in that took them to another time in their life
user1: I liked when Stark intercepted the missle and takes it through the wormhole. That was a smooth movie. 
user2: Oh yeah they all had is going in this film. It was one of the best action films of all time i hear
user1: Then Thor returns Loki and the Tesseract to Asgard. Good for him. Thor was cool.
user2: Thor has really come into his own after the most recent movie. In this one though he just trying to calm Hulk down haha
user1: It is good that they let us know that if needed the Avengers will return. 

conversation:
user1: Hi. It's a really awesome movie
user1: At least I think so
user2: Hi, May I know the movie name which you're talking about
user1: Oh. Avengers 2012
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: ya, it was awesome movie
user1: At first i wasn't sure how I would feel about Ruffalo as bruce/ The hulk but I think he's my fave version
user2: okay okay. I'm a big fan of Marvel comics which is the base of avengers movie
user1: Ah...I know they want us to discuss the movie though do I'm not sure we can just discuss the comics. LOL. I love all things Marvel.
user2: sorry if am wrong. Robert Downey Jr. as Tony Stark / Iron Man is the character which I admire about the most in this movie
user1: Nah...we're good. He was awesome. I think the casting for his role was perfect. Can't picture anyone else in it.
user2: ya you're right. the story line of this movie is making us so interesting to watch further more with full of interest.
user1: According to the document I have on my side of the screen here, the Metacritic score for the movie was only 69/100 while other places rated it at A+ or 8/10. I wonder why metacritic rated it so low. It was a 85 or 90/100 at least to me. How about you?
user2: Yeah, I too feel about the same. At my point of view the rating may be in the range between 80 -90
user1: Fave part of the movie?
user1: I understand you might be doing other HITS right now but this is taking longer than it needs to.
user2: Iron Man going into the portalby Kelly West is the fav part of mine
user2: sorry for the delay 
user2: which is your fav scene
user1: I love when Hulk showed Loki who was boss
user1: Puny human!
user2: yeah that too a super scene 
user1: He really thought he was so important and Hulk cut him down to size
user1: Hoping that the next Avengers movie doesn't dissappoint
user2: ya  me tooo
user2: Hulk vs. Loki in Stark Tower is also my fav
user1: Waiting not so patiently
user1: I admit I replayed that a couple times every time I see the movie
user2: how many times did you watch the movie
user1: I honestly can't remember. Whenever it's on
user1: lol
user2: lol
user1: The only thing that gets watched more than Marvel movies in my house is The lord of the rings
user1: you?
user2: Mine is Spider man the most watched movie
user1: ah...I will admit i'm not up to date on all the spiderman movies
user1: I inend to watch them all soon though
user1: The finish convo button just popped up. It was nice chatting with you!
user2: oh fine. I recommend you to watch

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hello, do you like action movies about superheroes?
user1: Yes
user2: Then if you haven't already seen the Avengers movie (that came out in 2012), I highly recommend it! I enjoyed watching it personally, but it also got a score of A+ for the cinema score 
user1: What's it about?
user2: There's this sort of government agency, SHIELD, that protects the world and helps keep the peace. They recruit superheroes to save the world after the villain Loki (Thor's brother) tries to take over the planet. It's good, and it brings lots of heroes together, like the Hulk, Iron Man, and Thor 
user1: Is the action good?
user2: Yes, the CGI is very good. It's a fact movie, with lots to see so I recommend it on a big tv screen, if you have the option 
user1: Is it humorous or serious?
user2: It is very humorous, and as with most superhero movies, even though you get caught up in the action, you always know the heroes will succeed over the evil forces 
user1: Who are the actors?
user2: Iron man is played by Robert Downey Jr, Thor is played by Chris Hemsworth, Mark Ruffalo as the Hulk, and Chris Evans as Captain America.
user1: Actually, I might have seen this before, though it's been awhile. 
user2: It did come out a little while ago, in 2012, but the humor is still relevant and the movie still holds up 
user1: Is there anything else you recommend?
user2: I think the Avengers is probably my favorite action movie, and it got really high ratings. Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 92% 
user1: I don't even know what to say anymore. I'm still several replys away from being allowed to move on with this study.
user2: Well I can help move the conversation along, I'll segway into mentioning that the whole movie is based around this rock of energy, the tesseract they call it, and it totally reminded me of that same energy cube story they used in Transformers. However I think the avengers was funnier than transformers
user1: I'm not very familiar with Transformers. when it comes to super heroes, my favorites are the Teen Titans.
user2: Oh I'm trying to remember the teen titans but I am blanking on the superhero names
user1: Robin, Starfire, Cyborg, Beastboy, and my favorite, Ravin.
user2: Oh ok yeah that sounds familiar. I like the live action movies like Avengers, with real actors, but there's definitely an advantage to superhero cartoons, more possibilities I think 
user1: I find it easier to connect with characters when they're animated. And it definitely helps when the animators have good attention to detail.
user2: Yes definitely, I think the directors of avengers did a good job on the details but I honestly am totally sure, because the fight scenes are so fast you don't notice everything on a detailed level 
user2: please reply once more 
user1: Okay
user2: it was so great talking to you about the avengers movie! 
user2: have a good day! 
user1: You too. 

conversation:
user1: Hello, how are you? Have you read about any good movies lately?
user2: Yeah, great director by Joss Whedon
user1: Cool. I have seen some of his movies and they were good. Is this one similar to ones he has made in the past?
user2: Hes very known for superhero genre
user1: Yes, that is correct. What did you read about his new movie? Did it get good reviews?
user2: The rating on rotten Tomatoes  is 92% 
user1: Wow that is very good. Sounds like a movie I want to watch. Do you know what genre the movie is? It is another superhero movie?
user2: The genre is a drama/superhero staring Robert Downey Jr and Chris Evans
user1: Sounds like a new Avengers movie! I love those. Have you seen the old Avenger movies or the new one that you read about?
user2: I have seen them all.  Have you read the marvel comics?
user1: I have only read a few here and there. I don't know much about them though. Have you read them? Do you think the movies are similar to the comics?

conversation:
user1: Hi!
user2: Hello
user2: I have not seen this movie, but I have seen others in the series
user1: What is the name of it?
user2: Its one of those super hero movies called the avengers
user1: Does it have a good plot?
user2: I only saw iron man which i liked, but this is about all of them coming together
user2: for the greater of good and evil maybe
user1: Does it have Iron Man in it?
user2: Yes Robert Downey JR
user2: Chris Evans
user1: What other superheroes are in it?
user2: Mark Ruffalo Chris hemsworth
user2: Loki
user1: What type of person do you think would enjoy the movie?
user2: Captain America the hulk
user2: Probably a nerdy type
user1: It would mostly be for fans of them?
user2: I would think so this is the sixth film in the series of Marvel
user1: Do you know anything about the plot, just in general?
user2: I am not sure if you need to see all six in order to follow one another
user1: That makes sense that you might need to.
user2: Seems the avengers are together at first and then become divided on how to take on Loki
user2: I am guessing he is the bad dude
user1: Is Loki their nemesis, then? I know pretty much nothing about superheroes. :)
user2: Yeah me either, so from what I am reading yes he is
user1: That makes sense!
user1: Must be pretty bad if they all have to team up to defeat him!
user1: Do you know what types of ratings it has gotten from review sites and/or viewers?
user2: Yeah seeems there is 5-6 of them and they all transform into their chracters or like iron man puts on a suit and he can fly
user2: Rotten tomatoes gave it 8/10
user1: Oh, that's pretty good!
user2: Cinema score gave it an A plus
user2: metacritic score only gave it 69/100
user1: Sounds like it's a good movie for people who like that genre. Is it an action movie, do you know?
user1: Oops! That's not a good score.
user2: Yes very action'y
user2: It takes place in NYC
user1: Sounds busy and full of action, then.
user1: Are there any other things about the movie that might help me know whether to watch it?
user2: Loki uses a scepter as a weapon and tries to shut down a generator, seems like he is trying to destroy the city becuase some of them are evacuating civilians
user1: Sounds scary!
user2: Iron mans suit fails and he is falling to the ground only to be saved by the Hulk
user1: I think we're supposed to spend 20 minutes doing this, right? I guess we're about halfway done, but I'm running out of ideas of what to ask! 
user1: That sounds interesting! Are there a lot of special effects with the powers the superheroes have?
user2: I thought it was at least 12 turns which we have done, but yeah I am not sure if the 12 tuens was supposed to take 20 minutes maybe
user1: How long is the movie?
user1: I think it said both, but I could be wrong. Just let me know when you feel it has been enough. I think I can answer the question being posed to me.
user2: I would say yes, I saw Iron man which I loved actually so I might go see this just to see the other aspects of the supoer heroes and the villian
user1: Are you interested in the movie after reading about it?
user2: Yes because I would like to see how all the other super heroes use their special powers 
user2: I remember watching the incredible hulk when I was a kid
user2: I just don't know all these others like Captain america, loki, Thor etc
user1: At least watching it will help introduce you to them!
user2: I think so too!
user2: I have the hit at almost 19 minutes
user1: I remember the Incredible Hulk being Bill Bixby. :) I just don't know much about superheroes.
user2: I think thats probably pretty good?
user1: Sure! We can go if you feel comfortable with it. Thanks for telling me about the movie!
user2: OK cool, thanks you sorry i wasnt really good at this lol
user1: That's okay! Thank you! Have a great day.
user2: bye!
user2: you too!

conversation:
user2: I really like Robert Downey Jr.
user1: Yes he's a really great actor in "The Avengers." I think Iron Man was my favorite character!
user2: I can't believe it is the 6th film!
user1: I loved each of the films. But I really felt the way they mixed the character together was amazing in this one!
user2: I completely agree.  Joss Whedon is an awesome director!
user1: Yes he was! Do you think Mark Ruffalo played both parts of the Hulk character very well?
user2: I definitely liked his Bruce Banner more than his Hulk but I think he did a great job.
user1: His transformation between the characters was one of my favorite parts. Do you think Robert Downey Jr. played well with the others or was he trying to steal the spotlight at times?
user2: I think that just by being himself, he naturally stole the spotlight sometimes with his sarcastic wit.
user1: That is very true. Do you think the director was able to split the spotlight among all the superheros equally or do you feel like it focused on certain ones a bit too much?
user2: I think it was split as good as it could be with as many characters as there were in it. Do you think the length of the movie was good or should it have been longer/shorter?
user1: I felt that it was pretty much the perfect length! There were so many great action scenes in it! My favorite was when Phil accidentally activates the Tesseract and opens the wormhole and suddenly Loki gets to Earth! What's your favorite scene?
user2: Absolutely any part with Loki in it is my favorite!
user1: Loki was a great character! I liked how he was able to enslave the agents into helping him.
user2: I love that it is an action movie with so many emotions in it.
user1: Yes it did feel emotional at times. When the team first arrived at the research facility during the evacuation I really felt for the characters.
user2: Coulson's death was the worst.  :(
user1: Yeah that's true. I thought when Loki was first given the army to take over Earth with it was going to get bad fast.
user2: I always forget that Walt Disney Studios makes these movies, they have really expanded their magical horizons. 
user1: How did you feel when the team wasn't able to decide how to best handle the situation with Loki?
user2: I don't like when they argue but I guess it's what would realistically happen when you get a bunch of superheroes together.  I felt bad for Thor.
user1: Any group together always starts arguing about everything. Yeah Thor and Hulk both had it rough there.
user2: There is just no stopping the Hulk.  When he saved Iron Man.....that was awesome!
user1: Yes that was great! I loved when they all teamed up again in order to stop the wormhole.
user2: I love when they all work together. Nick Fury's crew is unbeatable! 
user1: That's true. I loved how Iron Man handled the missile completely by himself.
user2: Yes! The most selfish of them all acted so selfless. He was ready to sacrifice himself to save everyone!
user1: True. I did like that final save of Iron Man by the Hulk as well. I thought it was pretty unexpected.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: hi
user2: Have you ever seen The Avengers?
user1: yes it is great
user2: I saw it too
user1: the critics love it
user2: Did you like the acting?
user1: yes I thought that ironman was cool
user2: I see, it got really good reviews. 
user1: robert downey jr was great
user2: 92 percent on Rotten Tomatoes is very good
user1: yes i like that loki was the bad guy
user2: I liked Robert Downey Jr. as well
user1: yes he plays his part great
user2: Loki was really good in it
user1: he made it a entertaining movie
user2: I can't believe it came out six years ago. Seems like yesterday
user1: yes lol
user2: Joss Whedon is a good director
user1: yes i like his style
user2: Do you like Captain America?
user1: I think he is ok I rather some one like spiderman but he was not in this movie
user2: The CinemaScore is spot on at A+
user1: yes that was a great thing 
user1: i like how the movie ended 
user2: I thought the story was very exciting and the comedy was great too.
user1: yes it has a good mix
user2: The ending was very cool

conversation:
user1: Hi.
user2: Hi
user2: Have you seen the Avengers?
user1: No, I haven't. I've heard of it, though.
user1: Just the title, really.
user2: Are you a fan or Robert Downey Jr?
user1: Yeah, I like him. He is a bit of a bad boy.
user1: What's the movie about?
user2: He plays Tony Stark /Iron man in this
user1: Is this movie from a comic book?
user2: Yes it is
user1: Is it animated too?
user2: No it is live action
user1: I am not usually a fan of action movies.
user2: 92% Rotton Tomato score btw
user1: That's a pretty high rating.
user2: A+ CinemaScore too
user1: Did you like it?
user2: I really enjoyed it
user2: I have actually seen it multiple times
user1: Wow! That impressive. There are few movies I've seen multiple time.
user1: What did you like best about it?
user2: to have Iron Man, Captain America, The Hulk, Loki, Clint Barton and Black widow all in the same movie was something I wanted since I was a kid reading comics
user1: It sounds like a lot of superheros.
user2: Yea, but it really worked out
user1: Who else is in it?
user2: Ha! I forgot to mention Thor
user1: What about him?
user2: He is in it as well
user1: What is the plot? Who is the villain?
user2: Loki is the villian.  He basically gains control over a powerful energy source and the avengers need to figure out how to work as a team to stop him
user1: I'll have to check out if it playing locally.
user2: Cool, I really hope you enjoy it
user1: Thanks for the info.
user2: Sure thing.  Take care :)
user1: Ciao.

conversation:
user2: hi
user2: This Iron Man film is really action packed
user1: for sure, and its got scarlett johansson in it too! what a treat. Who's your favorite actor in this movie?
user2: It probably has to be Robert Downey Jr he is really funny
user2: What about yours
user1: Scarlett hands down, what a snack. But I don't know how I feel about the plot line. It seems so elementary you know? I feel like it doesn't exhibit much originality like many other movies these days
user2: But it sure is a step up from the other superhero films
user1: I won't disagree with you on that one. Do you think the rotten tomatoes score should have been different? they are hard to please but they scored the movie better than metacritic, interestingly enough.
user2: I think it should is alright. It did have alot of popularity and made a huge impact.
user1: do you usually watch superhero movies?
user2: Yes I have watched all the Marvel Cinematic Universe films
user1: I'm not huge on superhero movies, this is the only marvel movie i've seen. 
user2: Oh really. A new one is coming out next week called the black Panther. I heard it's a real game changer
user1: I could imagine. but back to this movie as I think we have to stay on topic to receive credit. What's your opinion of Loki's character?
user2: Loki seems like a real anti hero. He is the bad guy but sometimes he is the good guy.
user2: What do you think of Hawk eye?
user1: I have little to no idea what superhero that is. Is he in the Avengers?
user1: It's been so long since ive seen it, i don't remember all the characters
user2: Yes he is the one with the arrows. He is played by Jeremy Renner
user1: what is your opinion on the choice to make the organization known as s.h.i.e.l.d  a acronym that it is
user1: yes memorable but corny is my opinion
user2: It was alright can't recall what the acronym stands for.
user1: I'm not a movie buff at all. what other films did joss whedon direct?
user2: Don't know too much about him.
user1: hulk vs thor. who u think would win?
user2: Probably Thor. They made Thor too powerful in the film which makes him a bit dull.
user2: Them defending NEw York city was really awesome.
user1: i totally agree. basically a god, who can compete with that right? who plays thor again
user2: Chris Hemsworth plays him.
user1: ah, all the girls fangirled over him i recall. I think they should have had more women superheroes in the storyline too
user2: They really should. Only the black widow was there and she had no super powers
user1: right. whos your fav woman supehero?
user2: It would probably be her. She was really awesome in the film
user1: was she in avengers?
user2: yes
user1: oh wait that was scarllett
user2: yes
user1: how much more of this do we have?> im running out of convo topics. If black widow had a superpower what would it be
user2: Awesome martial arts skills
user2: Yes I think this is it.
user1: awesome marital arts skills for sure. like batman
user2: yes
user1: i think we can finish convo now
user1: adios

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: hello, have you ever watched the avengers?
user2: No. What's it about?
user1: It's a take on the Marvel Universe, an American superhero film, where a team known as The Avengers are recruited to S.H.I.E.L.D to stop Thor's brother Loki from taking over and destroying Earth. Pretty epic I might add. 
user2: That sounds interesting. Who's in it?
user1: Tony Stark as the one and only Ironman. Chris Evans as Captain America. Mark Ruffalo as Hulk. Chris Hemsworth as Thor. Scarlett Johansson as Black Widow. Jeremy Renner as Hawkeye. They are rather witty, and entertaining. 
user2: Those are some really famous actors from what I've heard. Is it a new movie or has it been out for a while?
user1: It's been out since 2012, but still is very popular, as there are sequels now. 
user2: Oh cool. 
user1: Rotten Tomatoes has given it a 8/10, and cinemascore rates it an A+
user2: That's a pretty good rating. Do you know if it was popular with the critics?
user1: 69% 
user1: Could be better, could be worse I suppose
user2: Yeah. But if it got an 8/10 on Rotten Tomatoes, I feel like audiences must have liked it when it came out.
user1: Definitely. The story is really compelling. Loki, the villain, encounters an exterrestial race known as the Chitauri. For obtaining the Tesseract, a powerful energy source, Loki is promised an army which he can take over Earth. 
user2: That sounds intense. Why do the Chitauri want the teseract?
user1: Because it is a powerful energy source with an immeasurable power. It opens wormholes among space and planets, allowing Loki, and the Chitauri to go where they want and have immense power hopping to the wormhole allowing the Chitauri to immerge on Earth.
user2: Oh. That makes sense. So is Loki from Earth? Or is he from another planet?
user1: Loki and Thor are from Asgard. Another dimension of the sorts. 
user2: Ok. So there's other planets and dimensions in this movie. Sounds like Sci Fi. Would you say it's more Sci fi or Fantasy? Or a different genre?
user1: I would say a drama, superhero genre with sci fi and fantasy elements. The Avengers are superheroes formed by S.H.I.E.L.D. to take down extraterrestrials like these Chitauri.The superhero genre seems to be growing since this movie to be honest. It's definitely a superhero vs. villain complex. But the aliens, and the dimensions/planets, ect give it the sci-fi element. With the superhero powers, and supernatural aspects, you could add the fantasy into it. But again, mainly a superhero drama with those smaller elements.
user1: I would highly suggest you to watch this movie, as it's deep on many elements to begin with. 
user2: That sounds compelling. What makes it deep?
user1: Well you have different avengers wanting to approach the problems Loki has brought on Earth differently, which poses a separation in the group, providing another element of drama. While they all argue, Barton and Loki's other possessed agents attack Hellcarrier, disabling an engine, and at the same time, the Hulk emerges making a bigger mess. Stark (Ironman) and Rogers (Captain America) realize that it's not only defeat Loki wants, he wants to overpower them and take over Earth pubically. 
user2: That sounds like a lot happens at once. This movie must have a lot of action. So Loki has possessed agents. Can he do mind control?
user1: It brings out the them having to work together to move forward. For instance, Starks and Rogers must work together to get the engine to run again. And yes, he most certainly can by using the Terrasect and a device Sevig built to open a wormhole over Stark Tower in New York City. 
user2: Who is Sevig?
user1: Dr. Erik Selvig is a physicist that was researching the Terrasect before it was taken by Loki, who enslaved Dr. Selvig. He was used to learn more about the Terrasect. It turns out that Loki put the Terrasect in his sceptre to begin controlling people. He also, built a machine to help the Chitauri come to Earth.
user2: Oh. Ok. It sounds like there's a lot going on with this movie. If I've never watched many super hero movies, is this a good one to be my first watch?
user1: Definitely. It's one of the best superhero movie series, which is now a trilogy. As you said the ratings are high in this movie's favor. Many people like it to give it an A+, and 8/10 as an average score. An 8/10 on any movie is a good score in my opinion.
user2: That's true. Well thanks for telling me about the movie.
user1: Your very welcome. Ty for being interested.

conversation:
user2: Tell me about this movie, I'm so interested
user1: Hey, have you heard about the drama/superhero movie the "Avengers?"
user2: Yes
user1: It was directed by the great Joss Whedon!
user2: Yes, I'm familar.
user2: Who's in it? What can I expect?
user1: You have actors such as Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, and Scarlett Johansson in this thrilling superhero movie.
user2: Wow, sounds like a real thrill ride. Can I expect action and special effects?
user1: You can expect Nick Furt (Samuel L. Jackson) recruiting Iron Man (RDJ), Captian America (Chris Evans), and the Hulk (Mark Ruffalo) as they stop Thor's brother from subjugating Earth.
user2: Wow sounds like the perfect movie, I'm ready for my popcorn.
user1: Critical Responses  are quoted as saying, ""Whedon and his cohorts have managed to stir all the personalities and ingredientstogether so that the resulting dish, however familiar, is irresistibly tasty again." ● “Like a superior, state-of-the-art model built from reconstituted parts, Joss Whedon'sbuoyant, witty and robustly entertaining superhero smash-up is escapism of asophisticated order, boasting a tonal assurance and rich reserves of humor that offset thepotentially lumbering and unavoidably formulaic aspects of this 143-minute team-originstory.”
user2: Wow, what a review. I'm ready for an ice cold coke.
user1: A key scene in the movie is when the Asgardian Loki encounters an extraterrestrial race known as the Chitauri. They exchane a powerful energy source called the Tesseract for an army to take the world over.
user2: Wow, what a story. I wonder if the tesseract could someday end up in the hands of a greater threat.
user1: I do as well, that could be dire for the rag tag group known as the Avengers. Would you be interested in seeing "The Avengers" (2012.)
user2: Yes sounds like a whale of a time!
user2: I'll the tickets!
user1: I'll grab the popcorn!
user2: Ok
user2: Tell me more? Maybe sequels? Possibly prequels?
user1: During the movie the team becomes divided during disputes on how to resolve the situation with Loki and the fact that the agency S.H.I.E.L.D. that united the avengers plans on harnessing the power of the Tesseract to develop weapons.
user2: Wow, Loki sounds like a real treat to watch on the silver screen. Describe his hair.
user1: During one dispute the Hulk went on a rampage on a helicarrier breaking loki's inprisonment, allowing him to gain access of the tesseract and open a wormhole, launching his invasion.
user2: Wow, I'll bet that invasion really does a number on New York.
user2: Tell me more i can't get enough.
user1: Well, after arguing Stark and Rogers (RDJ & Chris Evans) realizethat for Loki, simply defeating them will not be enough; he needs to overpower them publiclyto validate himself as ruler of Earth.
user1: They begin to rally together to defened New York City.
user2: Wow, I'll bet they overcome the odds and beat him. What about Hulk?
user1: After the Hulk arrives they begin to battle the alien foes while evacuating civillians in an attempt to reduce the amount of casualties.
user2: Wow. 
user2: I have 1 minute and I have to go.
user1: The Hulk finds Loki and beats himinto submission. Romanoff makes her way to the wormhole generator, where Selvig, freedfrom Loki's mind control, reveals that Loki's scepter can be used to shut down the generator.Meanwhile, Fury's superiors from the World Security Council attempt to end the invasion bylaunching a nuclear missile at Midtown Manhattan. Stark intercepts the missile and takes itthrough the wormhole toward the Chitauri fleet. The missile detonates, destroying theChitauri mothership and disabling their forces on Earth. Stark's suit runs out of power, andhe falls back through the wormhole just as Romanoff closes it.
user2: sounds  great
user1: Fantastic.

conversation:
user2: Are you a fan of Marvel?
user1: Yes I am a fan. What about you?
user2: yes I am
user2: such a great cast
user1: I agree. What do you think about Iron man?
user2: I like him.  Intelligence + Supersuit is a good combination lol
user2: I like genius level characters typlically
user1: Yes I would have to agree on that.
user2: even if their cocky like iron man 
user1: Those genius level superheros are very interesting.
user1: Do you think iron man is the leader of the avengers?
user2: Yeah I agree. And yeah he seems to be. It's either him captain america or the guy with the stone in his forhead
user2: but the guy with the stone is pretty new
user2: so i'd say Iron man or captain america
user1: Who do you think is stronger, iron man or thor?
user2: Thor. You?
user1: I think so too
user1: Do you think scarlette johansson is good as black widow
user2: Yeah and I'm curious what her role will  be in the upcoming movie
user2: considering their fighting a god
user2: and she's human...
user1: yes I think she seems kinda useless at first glance.
user2: Yeah she was really useful before but the enemies are getting stronger and stronger lol.  Maybe she'll just fight the minions
user2: or do some spy stuff
user1: What do you think about the hulk rampaging?
user2: what do you mean?
user1: you know in the movie
user2: I like mark ruffalo's character a lot.  Hes genius level also
user1: Yes he is pretty cool. They always have to neutralize him first because he is so strong.
user2: If he could control hulk he would be unstoppable
user1: What do you think about how loki killed coulsen 
user2: Loki is the most complicated character lol
user2: he's bad then seems to turn good
user2: then he's bad 
user2: then turn's kinda good again lol
user1: yea that was crazy

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hello there!
user1: What's the name of the movie?
user2: The Avengers
user1: Is it Marvel's The Avengers? Or the older movie called The Avengers with Uma Thurman?
user2: It's Marvel's The Avengers
user2: Did you get to watch it?
user1: Yes, I own it on Blu-Ray
user2: Oh, cool! Way to go!
user1: I have seen it many times and will see it many more times. Have you seen it?
user2: Yes, I did. 
user1: Did you enjoy it?
user2: Yes, of course. Ruffalo is the quite the revelation. Besides, it's hard not to when it's starring Robert Downey Jr. 
user1: Robert Downey Jr. is just perfect as Iron Man/Tony Stark. I was skeptical with Ruffalo as Hulk but he has pulled it off many times.
user2: He sure has. He turns Banner into a wry reservoir of calm, ready to become a volcano. 
user1: It was nice seeing all of them working together. Loki is one of my favorite villains.
user2: Yeah, it's cool how Loki uses the Tesseract in conjunction with the device Selvig built, to open the wormhole above Strak Tower.
user2: I meant Stark Tower
user1: I'm glad Selvig was in this one, he was great in the Thor movies. I did like that Tony pretty much saved the city by diverting the nuke towards the end.
user2: Yeah, I echo. Overall, Joss Whedon (the director) did a brilliant job. 
user2: Do you generally watch movies with good ratings?
user1: I do, but I like low rated ones as well
user2: Ok. Do you generally go for Superhero dramas?
user1: I do like them. I didn't like Batman V Superman.

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: Hello
user2: How are you ?
user1: good
user1: so see any good movies?
user2: It is a Good film!
user2: Avengers!
user2: What is your name ?
user1: i have not seen it, tell me about it
user1: my son has been wanting to see that as well
user1: thats the one with the super heroes right?
user2: It is about super heroes
user1: yea captain america and all
user2: Yes.
user2: I love this film
user1: i'm going to have to check it out I hear it has lots of action
user2: Yes, full of action sequences
user1: awesome.
user1: and would you say it is appropriate for a young child to watch as well?
user2: Yes. 
user2: You can watch with the child
user1: splendid
user1: i will have to find it on netflix and check it out
user1: any other good movies?
user2: Geo storm
user1: hmm i havent heard of that one
user1: whats it about?
user2: It will be awesome. 
user2: Must watch film. 
user2: This film was massive hit all over the world. 
user2: I was talking about Avengers. 
user2: Hulk also will be there in Avengers
user1: thats cool
user1: hulk smash
user1: so what is this geostorm?
user1: is that part of avengers?
user2: Yes. In one sequence they all will fight with some great stuffs
user2: Directed by	Joss Whedon
user2: He is a great Director1
user2: I was talking about Avengers
user1: oh ok

conversation:
user1: What is the name of the movie?
user2: So, The Avengers is a great movie. It has 92% fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
user1: Oh yeah? what genre is it?
user2: It's a Superhero Drama.
user1: Is it very long?
user2: It is 143 minutes long.
user1: Hmm... Is it something most people would consider "family friendly"?
user2: Yes, it has an A+ Cinemascore.
user1: Is it live action or a cartoon?
user2: It is a live action movie starring Robert Downey Jr.
user1: Ah okay, any other big name actors in the cast?
user2: Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsoworth, Scarlett Johansson (HOT!), and Jeremy Renner all have main roles in the film.
user1: LOL are there any nude scenes featuring Ms. Johansson? ...might be a deciding factor :D
user2: It is a Superhero Drama from 2012, so likely no.
user2: It was released by Disney so definitely no.
user2: Do you like Superhero movies?
user2: User 2 are you there? We simply must discuss Samuel L Jackson!
user2: hellop
user2: I'm trying to get paid here, bro
user2: Let's talk about SHIELD!
user2: Come on!

conversation:
user1: Where the document?
user1: Read it to me
user2: the document speaks only of data of the film, director, actors etc, and some criticisms that the film received
user2: in my opinion it is a good action movie, and the effects are what I like most about it
user1: sounds great, who's in it?
user2: Robert Downey Jr, Chris Evans,Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth as Thor, the good luck of Scarlett Johansson
user1: Okay, I've heard about that 
user1: Marvel Made it right?\
user2: yes, the effect that I like the most is when Bruce Banner becomes a hulk, that stole effect is very impressive
user1: Aw man you making me wanna watch it.
user1: I didn't know Hulk was in it 
user2: if it is a very entertaining movie, there is humor, action and many special effects, too many good ones, and the fight between thotk or hul was good too
user1: Your talking about the Newest one right?
user2: No, it's the same one, the one from 2012, and the first of its kind, what happens is that it has a lot to do with that movie
user1: Oh I thought it was the new one
user1: Who else is in it, Characters wise.
user2: no, in this film they were more than anything in the action, and in the confrontation of the bad against the good, what happens is that there are so many characters together who had to dedicate their time to each one.
user1: How long is the film?
user1: or was it?
user2: two hours, it's long but very entertaining
user1: That's great, 2 hours is more than enough 
user1: I bet you didn't want it to end huh, lol
user2: If so, also what happens is that at that time, it was when a new era began in the action movies, the comics were taken into account, and the world is full of fans of that genre, and well they achieved a movie very good
user1: Yea most good movies either came from comics or books.
user2: if that is true, many good movies are book stories, like the Lord of the Rings, etc., always end up being very good and well made
user2: the same harry potter that is another good movie, with very good special effects
user1: Yes, I agree, others to like, Great Gatsby and Fifty Shades series.
user1: I never really liked Harry Potter
user1: Only the first time it came out
user2: It's a little naive but, it's not so bad especially for a child audience
user1: Yea, kids love it, it has rides at Universal
user1: But I am gonna check out that Thor, sounds really good
user2: I want to see the new one of thor, and the new avengers, they look very good, I hope that the impression that takes me of the first ones is repeated, I really like the characters.
user1: I need to see the first one before the second so I don't get lost.
user2: in the second of the avengers there is the feeling that other characters are coming, very strong for the avengers to inflate them, I hope the infinity avengers
user1: Yea avengers was good to
user2: be as good as the first two.
user1: But I'm definitely gonna check out that THOR and watch the New one also

conversation:
user2: The Avengers is a great movie, huh guys?
user1: Yes it was, i really enjoyed it
user2: Critics seemed to like it too, it has a really high Rotten Tomatoes score.
user1: I wonder why Metacritic only rated the movie 69/100
user2: I'm not sure. Who was you're favorite actor? I really like Robert Downey Jr.
user1: I am a big fan of Samuel L. Jackson myself.  He is a perfect fit for the Nick Fury role.
user2: Oh yeah, he was really good too. Did you like anyone else?
user1: I like Chris Evans as well.  He is a great actor.
user2: Yes, he was good as Captain America. What did you think about Mark Ruffalo's take on The Hulk?
user1: Personally I did not enjoy his adaptation of the Hulk character.  I know that he is just the revelation of the hulk though.  How about those CGI graphics though? Pretty cool huh?
user2: Yes, they were really good. What did you think of the scene at the beginning, when Loki shows up?
user1: That was a good lead in to the ensuing plot.  
user2: Yes, and there is a lot of action with them taking the Tesseract and controlling Hawkeye.
user1: I wish I knew more about the characters' back stories prior to seeing the film.
user2: Well, it is the sixth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, so you should go back and watch the other five if you're curious.
user1: That is true. I am sure that if I watched the Thor movies, I would have a better understanding.  I've only seen the Ironman and Captain America movies.  Which ones have you seen?
user2: I've seen them all actually. Really good and makes The Avengers better. What did you think of the part of the movie where Loki splits the team up and they begin fighting with each other?
user1: I thought that was a really good twist in the action; turning friends into enemies.  I liked how Ironman found himself in the middle of the whole conflict.  He was a very dynamic character
user2: Yeah it was interesting seeing The Hulk fighting with Thor.
user2: What did you think of Iron Man and Captain America working together to fix the damaged engine?
user1: that was a good exchange between the two actors.  they are a dynamic duo those two.
user2: What about when Loki escapes and kills Coulson? That was sad, huh?
user1: I definitely did not see that one coming.
user1: I think it is cool how Marvel goes from fantasy science fiction locations to real life locations like New York City and blends the two entities. 
user2: Oh yeah that is really cool. Strange that they always use New York though. But also, I liked how they used Coulson's death to bring the group back together and motivate them to fight of Lokie and Chitauri.
user1: That is a good point.  I believe the fictional Stark Tower is located in NYC.  That is where Loki used the Tesseract with the other device to open up that wormhole above Stark Tower.
user2: It was funny when Hulk grabbed Loki and beat him up, right?
user1: yes that was pretty humorous 
user2: Also, what did you think about the part where Iron Man grabs the missile and takes it into space?
user1: That was really cool.  I especially enjoyed how the Hulk rescued Iron Man from crashing into the ground.
user2: Yes, that showed more teamwork. And of course that meant The Avengers saved the day and would return when they were needed again. Great movie right?
user1: Great movie indeed!

conversation:
user2: So many big name actors/actresses in the Avengers.
user1: Yes there are.  I especially like Robert Downey Jr.
user2: I like him too.  I had forgotten Chris Evans was in this also.  
user1: Do you like action movies, like The Avengers?
user2: Sort of.  It really depends who is in it.  I have seen a few.  This ones says it is the 6th in the series.  I have certainly not seen them all.
user1: I really enjoyed when the superheros try to stop Loki from subjugating Earth.
user2: The critical responses seem a little over the top.  
user1: I think the Rotten Tomatoes score of 92% is accurate with how I felt about the movie.
user2: I see the Rotten Tomatoes score is rather high.  Do you usually check that before seeing a movie?
user1: I do.  I generally only watch films with at least a 50% Rotten Tomatoes score.
user2: SHIELD seems to recruit only the best.
user2: I had forgotten that Disney was involved with the Avengers.
user1: Yes.  I didn't really care for the scene when Loki reaches earth using the Tesseract.  It seemed over the top.
user2: The wormhole conveniently opened for Loki to reach Earth.
user1: Yes, and of course it was when Nick Fury happened to be near by.
user2: Avengers is predictable but the characters are fun and it has a great cast.
user2: I don't know that I would call that scene a key scene but then again if Loki never reached Earth, the movie couldn't have happened.
user1: I liked Mark Ruffalo as Bruce Banner.
user1: It was interesting that the group was divided on how to approach Loki.
user2: That is interesting and also fun when Thor attempts to stop the Hulk
user1: It was unfortunate that the physicist from the research facility was captured and controlled by Loki.
user2: That was unfortunate.  It all comes back to the wormhole.  Now it is used above Stark Tower to start his invasion.
user1: Yes. The wormhole allowed the Chitauri fleet to invade Earth.  That was a frightening scene, but the acting was stellar.
user2: Once they were motivated to work as a team, Loki didn't have a chance.
user2: I like that they worked together to save civilians.
user1: Yes, and it is a good thing they were able to help evacute the citizens too.
user2: Certainly the nuclear missile was a bad idea.
user1: I really felt happy when Thor returned Loki and the Tesseract to Asgard.
user2: It was amazing that the Hulk could save Iron Man as he fell back to Earth
user1: It was scary when Iron Man's suit ran out of power.
user2: They really worked as a team and the movie left it open for many new adventures to follow.

conversation:
user2: Hello! Have you seen any good movies lately?
user1: Hello, yes I have one in particular in mind.  Have you seen the Avengers?
user2: NO not yet!   How was it? 
user1: It came out in 2012 starring Robert Downey Jr. as well as Chris Evans and Mark Ruffalo.  It is based on the Marvel Comics superhero team!  Walt Disney STudios made it.
user2: Is this the very first Avengers ?I guess there are a few right?
user1: I am not certain about that, but it's called The Avengers so it is probably the first.  Samuel L. Jackson is also in it!  It really has a fantastic cast.  It got incredible reviews, too, with Rotten Tomatoes giving it a 92% and an A+ from Cinematics.
user2: Awsome ! Is there a lot of action?
user1: The director, Joss Whedon, is very highly acclaimed, and it has been called "robustly entertaining superhero smash-up" so I'm assuming that is a lot of action.  The team is trying to stop Thor's brother Loki from destroying Earth, which is pretty intense I imagine.
user2: What character does Mark Ruffalo play?
user2: I love me some Mark Ruffalo!
user1: I'm not sure about Mark Ruffalo's specific character, but critics have stated that "Ruffalo is the revelation, turning Banner into a wry reservoir of Calm ready to become a volcano" so perhaps he plays someone named Banner?
user2: OH BRUCE BANNER! Oh the HULK is in it ? Very cool!
user2: Loki and thor they are Scandinavian gods? 
user1: Yes!  It includes Bruce Banner, which is amazing, and I see now that Mark Ruffalo plays Bruce Banner, the Hulk!
user2: Wow!  How cool the hulk!
user1: And I am not sure about the gods, but Robert Downey Jr. plays Iron Man, aka Tony Stark, and Scarlett Jahansson plays Black Widow
user2: Iron Man and Scarlett Johansson as well .... it sounds like a power packed movie!!
user1: yes!  and critics stated that Tony Stark is a "sharp tongued man of the world" as well as Mr. Downey's "quicksilver presence"
user1: Definitely packed with power!  Additionally, some of the key scenes include Loki encountering the Other, which is a leader of an extraterrestrial race, as well as the division of the Avengers over how to attack SHIELD
user2: He is pretty sharp isnt he.  Tony stark that is. I had no idea that they all were in it!  And you said Joss welden or weeden directed it?
user1: Yes, it was Joss Whedon, highly acclaimied director.  In the scene where the Avengers become divided, Loki winds up escaping and actually ejecting Thor from an airship!  There is just too much action in this movie for words
user2: Is that the same Joss Whedon who directed firefly? If so it has to be a very well done movie.
user1: I think if you love action, ,you are sure to love this.  I don't want to give too much away, but there are scenes with wormholes, radiating strange energy, becoming ruler of the earth, and launching things into space.  I'm not sure what other movies Joss Whedon has directed.  
user1: Nick Fury is actually the director of the espion organization called SHIELD in the movie, and he tries to recruit Iron Man, Captain America, the Hulk, and Thor to stop Loki
user2: I have a son who would prob. Love to see this... do you know if there is any romance?  especially since Scarlet Johanssen is in it.
user1: It's a pretty complex plot for certain.  But one that is sure to entertain, with such a fantastic cast.  SHIELD is a peacekeeping organization
user2: Wow every one is in it!!! 
user1: I have not seen anything about romance mentioned.  Eventually, they all start rallying to defend New York City, which is where the wormhole is actually located!
user1: They wind up trying to launch a nuclear missile in midtown Manhattan, which is sure to be an intense scene.
user2: So many people could be hurt I bet I would be on the edge of my seat!! What do you think is the best part? 
user1: And yeah it does have a truly all star cast.
user1: I think it sounds like the ending is the best, because so much has built up to it and everyone is fighting to deal with this missle and its detonation, and honestly their forces wind up being disabled on Earth!  The wormhole is closing and they have to escape in the nick of time.  Will they make it...or not???
user1: I"m sure your son would enjoy it especially if he likes Marvel Comics, because it just combines so many of the great stars and the characters and pulls them all together into an action packed story
user2: Oh my gosh  !  You really make it sound exciting!  I
user1: I believe that it is.  I would love to tell you the ending but I will have to keep that a secret so that you can be surprised when you watch it!  It's a real cliff hanger though!
user1: Does this end automatically do you know or do we have to click finish? 
user2: No no don't tell me .... it sounds like with a great director and great actors and great action that it really is a good movie I cant believe I haven't seen it.....
user2: Is there a finish option I have no clue...
user1: Yes definitely one to add to your list!  I believe we have satisfied requirements here so have a fabulous day and I hope you enjoy the Avengers!

conversation:
user1: Hey! How's it going?
user2: waiting for avengers infinity war 
user2: i saw the new super bowl trailer today
user2: its really amazing movie
user1: Can you tell me a little about the movie?
user2: it was a superhero movie
user2: many superheroes from comics
user2: this filmed produced by marvel
user1: Is it all the regular avengers superheroes?
user1: Are there famous actors in it?
user2: yes Robert Downey is a famous actor
user2: he was acted as iron man 
user2: he also an actor in iron man movie series
user1: Right! So is Thor in the same movie?
user2: yeah after thor ragnarok. chris hemsworth join the avengers infinity war
user2: but he lost the hammer
user2: avengers was a big film made by marve.
user1: OK. I wonder if I could enjoy the movie even if I have not seen the other ones before.
user2: yeah do you ever seen avengers series?
user2: do you like superhero movies?
user1: I never saw an Avenger movie. I have liked some superheroes movies but not all of them.
user1: I like the Iron Man ones though.
user2: oh nice. watch some superhero movies like avengers 2 and captain america 3. 
user1: Maybe I'd like this one just because of Robert Downey Jr. I think he's really funny.
user2: that was my favorite
user2: yeah i like him so
user2: he doing funny and talks impressive
user2: one of the genius superhero in marvel
user1: Yeah, he comes across as smart and sarcastic - which I like.
user2: do you like spiderman?
user2: my childhood favorite
user1: Yes! I like Spiderman a lot. But I got lost between all the different franchises of the movie. And I don't like that there is always a new reboot. It's confusing as hell.
user2: yeah i agree with that. because marvel changing spiderman character 
user2: i like the guy who acting the first spiderman role
user1: Yes. They're trying to make it more attractive to more people but they're ruining it.
user2: avengers 3rd part  will be release on my birthday date
user2: i will watch on first day first show
user2: i am a biggest fan of marvel
user1: Cool! Are you going to go to a screening on that day to celebrate?
user2: yeah sure. 
user2: i am going to celebrate with my friends 
user2: scarlett johansson looks more beautiful
user1: That's great! Go with a bunch of friends, then discuss the movie with them. Sounds like a great birthday evening.
user2: thank you so much
user2: lets rock the world
user1: Aahh right. She's in that too. I like her a lot.
user1: Good idea :-)
user2: she looks not so aged 
user2: looks more young on upcoming films
user1: She's not that old anyway.
user1: She's smart and beautiful. Great combination.
user1: Gotta go now. Nice talking to you!
user2: yeah thank you

conversation:
user2: Hey
user1: Hello, do you like action hero movies
user2: Most definitely
user1: Well you really need to watch joss whedons the averngers, its great!
user2: Is that the one that was just out at the theaters?
user1: No it is out on DVD
user2: Aquaman, Wonder Woman, Batman and Superman?
user1: No that is Justice League, this has iron man and captain america
user2: Oh yeah.  Hulk too, right?
user1: Yes the hulk is also in the movie, great character
user2: Yeah, he is pretty much indestructable.
user1: Yes, you really should see it, it got a 92% from the critics at Rotten Tomatoes
user2: That's pretty high for Rotten Tomatoes.  Sounds like a must see.
user1: It really is, Robert Downey Jr. gives a wonderful performance
user2: He's pretty good.  I like the way he plays Iron Man...cocky but humble.
user1: Great point, he does the character justice.
user2: I can't remember, is it DC or Marvel?
user1: This is the Marvel Universe
user2: Gotcha.
user2: Who would have thought they could make all these movies from comic books.
user1: I know, but what great content, like the fight scene at Stark Tower in this movie.  Visually awesome.
user2: I like a good fight scene.  Is it OK for kids to see?
user1: There is no blood, just beat em up stuff.  Also no on screen deaths 
user2: Good.  I'll take my son.  Is Scarlett Johnanson in it?
user1: Yes she is.  She plays black widow and has a great roll in defending the city from the invaders of Asgard.
user2: She's pretty...my son will like that.
user2: Thanks for the recommendation.
user2: Maybe I'll rent it this weekend or after the Olympics are over.
user1: She is very attractive.  You really should the CGI effects are awesome when going to Asgard 
user2: Wish I would have seen it in the theater...probably better on the big screen.
user1: It was pretty awesome, but im not one of those people that as to see it, with the big screens you can get at home you can still get a great experience at home 
user2: Will do.  Thanks.  Bye.

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Have you seen Avengers?
user2: yes
user1: I really liked Robert Downey Jr.s performance
user2: me to
user1: Mark Ruffalo was awesome as Banner.
user2: yes
user1: I see that Rotten Tomatoes scored it 92%
user2: The reality stone in the movie is red
user1: What do you mean?

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: hey
user1: the marvel universe sure has a lot of movies lined up
user2: yeah they do, do you have a document? or is it just me
user1: i have it as well
user2: got it
user1: have you seen the avengers?
user2: but yes, you've seen the avengers right?
user2: I have, a few times lol
user1: yes

conversation:
user2: I think my favorite character in this movie was Iron Man.  How about you?
user1: I loved Hawkeye
user1: Then again I absolutely love Jeremy Renner
user2: Nice, yea he was great too.  I just love Robert Downey Jr.  What did you think of Mark Ruffalo as the Hulk?
user1: He was great.  He really pulled it off
user2: Yea, much better than the first two attempts at that character
user1: Yes, most definitely
user1: Have seen the other THor movies?
user2: Only the first one.  I need to catch up, because I really want to see the new one
user1: They were great.
user2: Cool, yea I am a huge fan of the way the Marvel movies have been handled, especially the Avengers.
user1: Marvel Studios and WAlt Disney definitely have done the movies justice
user2: For sure.  Do you know what S.H.I.E.L.D. stands for by chance?
user1: I did when i was younger but not anymore
user2: Haha, got ya.
user1: Loki is a great casting choice
user1: What was your favorite casting choice from the movie?
user1: Also have you seen more from JOss Whedon?
user2: Definitely one of them.  I don't know the actor's name, but he was the perfect amount of creepy for that role.
user2: I dont't think I can recall any other Joss Whedon flicks off the top of my head.
user1: He was the creator of Buffy the Vampire Slayer
user2: Oh I see
user2: I love the scenes with the Tesseract opening up the wormhole.  The CGI was amazing in this movie
user1: Yes, the CGI has been amazing in all of the avengers movies
user1: Also having Scarlett Johansson play the Black Widow with all her action work was great
user2: Especially with the Hulk transformations
user1: I can't wait for her movie to come out
user2: Oh, yea Scarlett was amazing.
user1: Yes the transformations were great
user2: I agree, I am looking forward to it as well.
user2: I thought that NYC was the perfect location for the battle
user1: I was just going to say that
user2: Such an American icon, and so recognizable for pretty much all Americans
user1: yes, worldwide
user2: Indeed
user2: Does Thor have the ability to control minds like Loki does?
user1: no
user2: I didn't think so.
user1: he has the hammer and super strength and military strategy
user2: Got ya, he would be unstoppable if he had the mind control too
user1: the CGi for the spaceships were pretty cool especially for the final explosion
user1: yes he would be
user2: Yes, absolutely
user2: When Stark's suit ran out of power, I couldn't help but think that he needs to come up with a limitless power supply
user1: Do you stay for the credits in these movies?
user1: Yes he would need to do that
user2: I usually don
user1: it would be an amazing feat
user2: Usually don't stay for the credits, do things usually happen?
user1: They sometimes show snippets of the next movie
user2: Oh cool
user1: yeah the end of thor 1 showed parts of another movie
user2: Nice
user2: Another casting choice I love is Smauel L jackson as Fury
user2: He has the perfect attitude for that role
user1: most definitely
user1: He loves plays weird characters
user2: Haha, yes indeed
user1: eccentric characters
user2: Absolutely
user2: Do you know where the Tesseract comes from originally?
user1: Look at him in Triple X he is this crazy weird character
user1: I don't remember actually
user2: Thor takes it to Asgard at the end, so maybe it comes from there?
user1: Possibly
user1: not for sure though
user2: Well, its been nice talking with you, but I think we can end the conversation now
user1: I think that it was interesting that Loki's scepter for mind control can shut down the generator
user1: ok
user2: Yea true

conversation:
user1: Hello, the movie is The Avengers.
user1: It is a superhero drama.
user1: Do you enjoy superhero movies?
user2: Is the lead character male or female?
user2: I do not enjoy Super hero movies, Do you ?
user1: I believe the main characters are male. There does not seem to be a single protagonist.
user1: It involves various superheros. Some are women but I think the males get more screentime.
user2: Where does this movie take place?
user2: Is this movie geared towards children or adults ?
user1: It takes place in America. It involves a team of superheros trying to stop Loki from subjugating the Earth.
user2: Does it take place in modern ties or in the future ?
user1: I'm not sure but it may appeal to children since there's quite a bit of humor to offset the action.
user2: Is this movie a comedy ?
user1: I'm not too sure. There do seem to be physicists experimenting on unusual forms of energy unlike anything in the present day.
user1: It's primarily Drama and a superhero movie but there are humorous one liners delivered by superheros like Iron Man.
user2: I like documentaries. Do you think I would enjoy this movie ?
user1: Hmm I don't think this has a lot in similar with documentaries. The primary draw of this movie seems to be its action scenes.
user2: My Son enjoys video games. Do you think it he would enjoy it ?
user2: What is the age rating?
user1: I think he might enjoy it depending on what kind of games he enjoys. 
user1: It does not say 
user2: Does the movie appear to be high quality?
user1: According to critical response it seems to have met with a positive reception. 
user1: Rotten tomatoes gives it a 92%
user1: CinemaScore gives it an A+
user2: Is the movie a cartoon or are there real actors and actresses?
user1: There are real actors and actresses
user1: Although there are aliens, wormholes, and so on
user2: Do you know when this movie was made?
user1: It was released in 2012
user1: It seems to take place in New York City
user2: Do you know if it is available on Netflix ?
user1: I'm not really sure but I imagine a movie this highly rated likely will be available.
user1: There are many famous actors such as Robert Downey Jr, Mark Ruffalo and Chris Evans.
user2: Do you think I would be familiar with many of the actors/actresses in this film?
user2: Ah, I see :)
user1: Scarlett Johansson also acts in it
user1: Is there anything else you would like to know?
user2: No, I think I have made a decision as to whether r not I would enjoy watching this movie. Thank you :)

conversation:
user1: Hello there
user1: I'm looking for movie recommendations for Valentines Day, have you seen anything good recently?
user1: I'm hoping for a movie title with some information about the film 
user2: The avenger is a perfect movie for valentines day!
user2: Have you watched it before?
user1: Oh cool I have heard the name but know nothing about it. 
user1: What's the basis of the story?
user2: There is a document that you should read.
user1: ?
user2: It is in the left side of the screen. Take a look first.
user2: The conversation must be based on the document.
user1: My task says the other user will read the document and I should ask questions about the movie to decide if I want to see it
user1: I have no document only the chat
user2: Oh, I see.
user1: lol
user2: Have you watched the movie the Avenger?
user1: no
user2: Then, you should start asking about the movie.
user1: Okay let's start again
user1: What's the basis of the story?
user1: Who acts in it?

conversation:
user2: Hello. Did you watch avengers cartoons when you were a kid? 
user1: Hi, no I didn't. Did you?

conversation:
user2: !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
user1: hello

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: HI
user2: HW R U
user2: FINE?
user1: good and youthis is a good movie
user2: FINE
user2: YA
user1: Which is your favourite character
user2: GUEST ROLE
user1: how?
user2: PERFOMANCE 
user1: I'm not understanding you
user2: I TELL ABOUT CHARACTER VISE
user1: o
user2: YA
user1: yes
user2: OK WE WILL FINISH THE CONVERSATION
user1: I like the role of Tony Stark
user2: OH 
user2: SUPER
user1: and you
user2: NICE CHARACTER
user2: SAME AS
user1: yes
user2: YA 
user2: THANK U
user1: and very bold
user2:  YA THAT ONE NICE CHARACTER
user1: yes
user1: and intelligent
user2: YA
user2: OK WE WILL FINISH
user1: why
user1: ok
user2: OK THANK U

conversation:
user2: I saw some of the Iron Man movies, so I was interested in The Avengers
user1: This is the marvel movie that helped push the mcu to where it is today.
user2: MCU = Marvel Comics Universe?
user1: yes
user2: Is it kid friendly? could I watch it with my girlfriends 6 year old and both have fun?
user1: yes.very.
user2: Is there a sequel?
user1: I can honestly say I like all the movies the mcu has put out.
user1: yes 
user2: I thought I heard that
user1: age of ultron
user1: they are fun movies.
user2: Ill have to watch them
user1: the movies are all connected like a comic book.
user2: I forget if there's more we need to discuss?
user2: Looks like the cast is A+
user2: and its almost 2.5 hours
user1: yeah.
user2: Did the story flow good?
user1: yes
user2: That's good, sometimes my attention span isnt good
user1: you can watch all of them starting with ironman.
user2: I've seen the first iron man
user2: and i think the sequel
user1: they always seem to find the right actors for the parts
user2: Yea
user1: it's another avenger movie coming out in may this year.
user2: Oh cool
user2: Sometimes the superhero movies get repetitive 
user1: not to me,but it does seem everyone is trying to get in on the act of making superhero movies
user2: Yea I remember when they first started gaining popularity again, now there's been a lot
user2: But I don't doubt The Avengers is a quality movie.
user2: What's your favorite food?
user2: and why isn't this hit done?
user1: yeah,everyone in Hollywood just see the money.After awhile if bad superhero movies pop up to much.People will stop wanting to see them.Not the mcu but others 
user1: lol.don't know.
user1: fish is my favorite.
user2: fish pizza?
user2: Sounds fishy!
user1: just regular fish.Don't know if I can handle it on a pizza.

conversation:
user1: Hi. Love this movie. As stated old yet new.
user2: Yes, I really like Robert Downey Jr.
user1: Me too. Mark Ruffalo was a nice surprise as the Hulk.
user2: Yes he was. I have always enjoyed Marvel comics.
user1: And they do the best job at adapting the comics to the movies. All MCU is better than DC.
user2: I agree. I had no idea Disney distributed the film. That makes me like it even more. I am also a Disney fan.
user1: Love classic Disney for sure.  disney is not my main interest but love Marvel and their movies, especially the Avengers series.
user2: Scarlett Johansson was really great as Natasha. I've always really liked Scarlett Johansson and the Natasha character.
user1: my fave is clark gregg
user2: Yes. Samuel L. Jackson was a nice surprise as well.

conversation:
user1: Hi!
user2: good morning
user1: Can you tell me a little about about the movie you saw?
user2: Do you like rober downey JR?
user1: most of the time yeah.
user1: he's a pretty good actor.
user2: Well he was in the movies The Avengers
user2: Its a really good movie with a great plot
user1: really? sounds itneresting.
user1: he plays iron man. right?
user2: Yes 
user1: i just started getting into marvel characters.
user1: who else is in it?
user2: Jeremy renner
user2: he was in the movie the Hurt locker, and after that I was hooked to his films
user2: Chris evans who also plays the captain america movies 
user1: i knew the name sounded familiar. loved that movie
user1: any females?
user2: Scarlett Johansson
user1: i'm in. lol.
user2: Shes awesome in this movie
user1: who would you say played the best part?
user2: I would say robert downy
user1: makes sense. did it get good reviews? 
user2: rotten tomatoes gave it 92 percent
user1: wow. so yeah. definitely going to check it out.
user1: thank you.

conversation:
user1: Hey there!
user2: Hi!
user1: Have you seen the Avengers?
user2: Yes, I have.
user1: Who is your favorite superhero?
user2: I like Iron Man because he has so many cool suits and he is funny.
user2: Who is your favorite?
user1: I probably like the Hulk
user1: But Iron man is up there. 
user2: Yeah, I like Hulk too.
user1: I definitely like the batman movies too
user1: Do you like marvel or DC better?
user2: I think I like Marvel better.
user1: No biggie
user1: I just really like batman so its a tough pick
user2: I haven't seen a lot of the Batman movies though.
user2: I know there is a lot of them.
user1: I think I'd have to pick marvel though too
user1: Have you seen star wars?
user2: Yes, I love Star Wars
user2: I still need to see the most recent movie though.
user1: Star Wars is by far my favorite
user1: You didn't see it yet??
user2: No, not yet.
user1: You should definitely go soon
user2: I will definitely buy it when it comes out on Blu-Ray.
user1: Very cool, Nice talking to you!
user2: You too

conversation:
user1: Greetings
user1: Did you like avengers?
user2: Hello.  How are you?
user1: I am well
user2: Avengers?  Is that like the Justice League?
user1: Kinda of
user2: Ok.  Who are the avengers?  Do they have names?
user1: Iron Man Hulk Thor Captain America are the main ones
user2: I love them!
user1: Hulk was my favorite in the movie
user1: I cant wait to see more
user2: I saw a clip with him banging some man into the ground
user2: Was that from the same movie?
user1: Loki. I was hilarious
user1: Yes it was
user1: Jeremy Renner as Hawkeye was great also
user1: I like how they tied everything together
user2: Hawkeye?  I do not know about that character.  What are his special powers?
user1: He is just an expert marksman
user1: No super powers
user2: Shooting?  Or bow and arrow?
user1: Joss Whedon did a great job directing I though
user1: Yeah bow and arrow
user1: He has trick arrows also
user1: They explode and such
user1: Loki was a great villain to use
user2: They explode when they reach their target? 
user1: Yes, on impact
user2: What does Loki do?  Is he really evil?  More evil that the Joker?
user1: He is Thor's stepbrother
user1: So kinda god like powers
user1: More like a prankster
user1: Who has daddy issues
user1: He wants to prove he can lead
user2: Who is his father?
user1: Jealous of Thor
user2: Zeus?
user1: Odin is his adoptive father
user1: He was actually a frost giant baby when Odin found him
user2: Ok.  But who is his real father?  Or we have to wait for the sequel to find that out?
user1: Thor ends up taking Loki back to Asgard and Odin at the end
user1: It was the frost giant king. I dont remember his name
user1: Loki has a redewmption in the other thor movies
user1: So he isnt all bad
user2: Hmm.  I bet that one day he would have his own movie. 
user2: Seem like a character with a lot of depth

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hey there
user2: yes
user1: So what's the movie about?
user2: Avengers(2012)
user2:  have you seen
user2: this movie
user1: No, I have not. What is it about?
user2: This is marvel film'
user2: super hero subject 
user1: Great. Again, what is it about? What happens in the movie?
user2: very interesting 
user2: Lot of fight 
user2: They save world every time
user1: That's always good. Anything else you can tell me about it?
user2: yes
user2: u like super heros
user1: I do
user2: ok ko
user2: What film u like 
user2: hellow
user2: hellow

conversation:
user2: h i
user1: hello
user1: are you there?
user1: hello??

conversation:
user2: Hey
user1: Hey! Would you call yourself a Marvel Fan cause the first Avengers is an amazing movie
user2: Sure
user2: I love the MCU
user2: HBU?
user1: Oh yeah big time! Is the Avengers your favorite out of the current universe?
user2: Not really
user2: I like Guardians of the galaxy best
user2: You?
user1: Yah I really like Guardians of the Galaxy out of all of them. They have the best personalities of all the heroes to be honest
user2: Definitely 
user2: So, what’s your favorite scene from the Avengers?
user1: It will sound cliche but its amazing nonetheless. The Hulk obliterating Loki in the final scenes!
user2: Oh that’s a great montage!
user2: My favorite scene is Thor and Hulk’s battle though
user1: Yah that's pretty amazing. Anything Hulk related gets me excited
user2: Do you happen to know what’s the rating for the movie on IMDB?
user2: Or rotten tomatoes?
user1: It currently stands an 8 out of 10 and 92% on Rotten Tomatoes
user2: Wow, that’s great!
user1: Pretty good. Would you deem it as a classic?
user2: Do you think it’s rating should be better?
user2: An MCU classic at least, but not a philmography classic.
user1: I agree! I don't want to be that person but I am still waiting on a Super Hero film to be as good as the Dark Knight, than again I am sort of biased
user2: Biased?
user2: Why?
user1: I am a mega Batman fan! I can't help it!
user2: Same here
user2: But I still like Marvel better though.
user1: They are definitely doing a better job overall 
user2: Hopefully
user2: So, do you know any interesting trivia about the Avengers or something?
user1: It is the fourth highest grossing film of all time. Under Avatar, Star Wars, and Jurassic World 
user2: Wait, really?
user2: That’s absoultely great
user2: It was a great movie and I’m glad people are showing it.
user1: Yes! Are you looking forward to Black Panther and the Infinity War
user2: For sure, I’m more expectant of Infinity war tho.
user2: You?
user1: I heard Black Panther was amazing but I am a little nervous for Infinity Wars since there are so many characters to deal with
user2: Well, if they’ve done it so good with the Avengers so far, I’m sure it’ll be great
user2: Amy other thoughts about the Avengers?
user1: I think a fun film that I would show at a party. Who would be your least favorite Avenger out of all of them?
user2: Hawkeye, definetelyZ

conversation:
user1: Hi
user1: Is there anyone there?
user2: Hi
user2: I'm here
user1: So tell me about your movie
user2: It's the original avengers.
user2: What is your movie?
user1: Mine is the same.
user1: What did you think of it?
user2: I loved the movie.
user2: Which character did you like the most?
user1: I found the cast was great, I was worried it would be too Iron Man focused
user1: Hulk for cheesiness factor, you?/
user2: I agree but I love Tony Stark so I wouldn't have been to upset lol.
user1: Wonder what the tie with Black Panther will be
user2: I think the Hulk could have been better. 
user2: Do you follow the series?I don't want to give too much if you don't.
user1: I di
user1: I did rather
user2: I think because BP was introduced in civil was and they will all be in the next one can't think of the title right now, bp needed his back story like everyone else?
user1: You think Cap will show as a cameo?
user2: Ignore the?
user2: I think so. I follow marvel comics and there has been hints.
user1: yeah I also wonder if this will start to kill some people off
user2: I think it would be hard. They are well loved. Who do you think would be killed off?
user1: I know some of their contracts are up, so killed off may not be right, more like "explain away"
user2: I think the Hulk feels like a forced character. What do you think?
user1: He is, but if he's in there as slap stick/cheese factor it's fine
user1: I think the problem is he needs to be the humor. Thor Ragnarok did this and there were hints in Avengers
user2: I love the alpha male conflicts with CP and IM.
user1: Yep. It does help add to the tension dynamic

conversation:
user2: How did you like the movie the Avengers
user1: I loved it! I thought Robert Downey Jr. was awesome!
user2: He was Awesome, I like Mark Ruffalo playing Bruce Banner. What was your favorite scene 
user1: Yeah he was great. My favorite scene was when Nick Fury got all of the superheroes together and recruited them to stop Loki.
user2: That was a really good part. I loved that the movie brought all of my favorite characters to one place. 
user2: do you agree with the ratings the movie got on rotten tomatoes and meta critic 
user1: I really liked that as well! And yes, I do agree with the ratings. It was a wonderful movie and I think a lot of people liked it. And the meta critic score is fair because while it is a good film, it also wasn't ground breaking or revolutionary by any means.
user2: I agree, I thought they rated it very fairly. So you usually try to watch movies based on reviews 
user1: I do, however, I don't watch movies just because they got a good rating, but if i find a movie that looks interesting and it has a good rating, i am more inclined to watch it.       
user2: I agree, I  try to look at the ratings when i see an interesting movie before i watch it. I actually looked at the rating before I watched the avengers. 
user2: I absolutley loved scarlet Johansson and samuel jackson in this film, they were amazing. who was your favorite superhero 
user2: I loved  The shocked expression of Loki, after being slammed by Hulk
user1: My favorite super hero is definitely Black Widow. She is so cool!
user2: The scene where The Tesseract opens the worm hole allowing loki to reach earth was intense. do you remember that part? 
user1: Yes I remember that part. It was right after that that Loki enslaves Selvig with his scepter right?
user2: Yes, He wanted to aid him in his getaway 
user1: Did you like how the movie ended?
user2: I thought it was a good ending,  After The Avengers have defeated the Chitauri army by sending a nuke into their mother ship The Chitauri leader says that the humans are not to be underestimated, and to face them would be “to court Death itself.” So so good. 
user2: how did you like it 
user1: I thought it was great. The whole movie was action packed and exciting, but the ending really brought it all together.
user2: Yes I agree. I want to go watch it again now. 
user1: Same here. Also what did you think about Fury using Coulsons death the motivate the avengers? Do you think it was right of him to do so?
user2: I thought it was smart of him to do, he needed to overpower them publicly to validate himself as the ruler of the earth.  
user2: Do you thin them becoming divided made them more susceptible to being overpowered?
user1: You have a good point. And yes I do! They each have their own strengths and weaknesses and when they divided it made it easier for their weaknesses to be taken advantage of.
user2: I agree completely!!
user1: This movie made me laugh a lot. What do you think was the funniest part?
user2: I liked when Agent Coulson Asks Captain America To Sign His Trading Cards. i thought this was very funny 
user2: Also when hulk smashed Loki When the Hulk confronted Loki, it looked like we were going to get another rant, as Loki said, “I am a god, you dull creature, and I will not be bullied by…” But Hulk doesn’t wait to hear what comes next, and he grabs Loki and smashes him repeatedly into the ground. Then, Hulk sums it up with two words, “Puny god!”
user1: Haha I really liked those moments too. The second one was my favorite.
user2: Such a great combination of action and humor, made the movie great overall. I will definitely watch this again 
user2: How about you 
user1: I could not agree more! I also think it had some decent character development. I felt so attached to all of them that when that scene where Stark is falling through the wormhole I almost cried. I was so worried that he was going to die.
user2: I completely forgot about that part, that was such a good part. 
user2: Do you think a sequel is coming behind this movie 
user1: It really was. I felt so happy when Hulk saved him at the last second.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: HAI
user2: HELLO
user1: what is the name of the movie?
user2: PLEASE CHAT
user2: IRON MAN
user1: I dont have the document
user1: thank you
user1: did you like it
user2: YES LIKE IT
user1: awesome
user1: i will have to see it
user1: anything else?
user2: YOU DOWNLOAD FOR TAMIL ROCKERS.COM
user1: Who is the main character of the film
user1: is it a super hero film
user1: a lot of action?
user2: TONY STARK
user1: great
user2: THANK YOU
user1: how do we end convo
user2: YES END CONVO
user1: finish convo button wont work

conversation:
user2: Hi, Have you seen the Marvel's Avengers? Its pretty good.
user1: No I keep meaning to see it. 
user2: It has big stars like Robert Downey Jr and Chris Evans.
user1: I love Chris Evans. There are a few sequels right?
user2: It is a very well received superhero movie with above 92% rotten tomatoes rating
user1: Are you into these types of movies/
user2: Yes I am very much into these types of movies, specially from Marvel.
user1: Who is the villain?
user2: Thor's brother Loki is the villain
user1: Is Iron Man the main character?
user2: He is one of the main characters, Yes.
user1: Is Scarlett Johansson a villain?
user2: The plot revolves around loki and a powerful weapon called tesseract that could potentially destroy the earth.
user1: So I am assuming they save the earth?
user2: Scarlett Johansson plays Black widow who is one of the Avengers and not a villain
user2: Yes, they all team up to save the earth.
user1: Is it all the same characters for each sequel?
user2: I don't know about that but did you know that this movie got a cinema score of A+
user1: No I didn't. I have never heard of this director before. Has he directed anything else?
user2: During the movie at some point the Avengers gets divided in how they'll approach Loki and save the earth.
user1: S.H.I.E.L.D. is this the agency they belong to?
user2: Joss whedon is the director of this movie and it is one of the parts of Marvel Cinematics.
user2: Yes, SHIELD recruits everyone.
user2: Nick fury is the leader of SHIELD
user1: Samuel Jackson is in it too?
user2: Yes, Samuel Jackson plays Nick Fury, who is the leader of S.H.I.E.L.D
user2: Mark Ruffalo plays HULK, who often remains calm but when angered, turns into the HULK.
user1: Does Samuel Jackson die in this movie?
user2: I don't know about that but this movie got very good reviews from the critics and they applauded joss whedon's direction and writing skills.
user2: Do you like movies from this genre ?
user1: Not usually. But this one looks good. When it has good ratings then I am more apt to see it like this one does.
user2: Yes, this one has wonderful ratings across all critics.
user1: Looks like this movie takes place in New York City
user2: Yes, The Avengers save the New York City in this movie
user2: Do you agree with this movies ratings ?
user1: Yes I do. I know my husband thought this was a great movie.
user2: Wow, that's great. What did he like about this movie ?
user1: He is definitely a Marvel guy. Loves action movies. 
user2: When you watch the movie, note that the movie is very action heavy.
user1: Yes I am assuming there is a ton of fighting
user2: I really liked the scene where Nick fury uses one of the SHIELD members death to motivate the Avengers in coming and working together.
user1: It looks like they do get divided at one point.
user2: Yes, they do when they decide an approach on how to defeat Loki, the team divides for a period of time.

conversation:
user2: This looks like an OK movie.
user1: I agree, I think it would be a decent superhero movie. What makes you think it will be OK?
user2: The Rotten Tomatoes score is 92% but the Metacritic score is only 69/100. Do you like the cast?
user1: I like most of the cast, especially Chris Evans. Who is your favorite Avenger?
user2: I would have to say Iron Man based on the Critical Responses. Who is yours?
user1: I would choose the Hulk--I like the description of Banner's "wry reservoir of calm ready to become a volcano"
user2: That is very cool.
user1: Do you like most superhero movies?
user2: No, I really don't like them.
user1: Do you agree with the ratings of this movie?
user2: I would have to see the Metacritic scores in depth, but based on the Critical Responses that Metacritic score seems low. Do you like the key scene?
user1: It's not my favorite scene, and I wish Nick Fury could have stopped Loki from taking the Tessaract. What do you think?
user2: I think the wormhole was key to the whole movie.
user1: What made the wormhole key to the whole movie?
user2: Without the wormhole being activated by the Tesseract Loki couldn't have reached Earth. What do you think of Robert Downey Jr. as Tony Stark / Ironman?
user1: I don't agree with the reviewer that "Iron Man is certainly a team player;" but I do like Robert Downey Jr. in the role. What do you think?
user2: He is a character of established sophistication, as the critical response says. The whole movie was well-cast, what do you think?
user1: I agree that it was well cast. What do you think about the second key scene?
user2: I think the death of Coulson really brought the whole Avengers together, how about you?
user1: I agree, it was sad to see the Avengers divided first but I'm glad they ended up working together.
user2: Me too! I'm so glad they got together by the end of the movie.
user1: What do you think of Joss Wheedon's directing?
user2: He really did get all those personalities to blend well, that's such a good sight to see. He really did a justice to this movie.
user1: I agree. What was your favorite part of the third key scene?
user2: Thankfully the Hulk saved Stark from crashing into the ground. Was this the most important event in that scene to you?
user1: I think it's also important that the Hulk neutralized Loki
user2: Why is that?
user1: It freed Selvig from Loki's mind control and helped the Avengers realize his scepter could shut down the generator

conversation:
user1: Robert Downey Jr plays Iron Man.
user2: NICE MEETING
user2: HOW R U?
user1: good, u?
user2: NICE
user1: Do u like this movie?
user2: YES
user2: U
user1: me too
user2: THANK U
user1: do you like superhero movies?
user2: YEAH, I AM LIKE 
user1: yes me too
user1: very nice
user2: THANK U
user1: Do you like the Avengers movies?
user2: I DONT LIKE IT
user1: ok, why not?
user2: DON'T INTEREST
user1: I like Scarlett Johansson, how about you?
user2: VERY LIKE SCARLET JOHANSSON
user1: yeah she is very very good one
user2: VERY SWEET 
user1: she gives man iron in the pants, if you know what i mean
user1: the plot is too complex i think
user2: YES
user1: The Asgardian Loki encounters the Other.
user1: that is not sensible.
user2: YES, BUT VERY WORST
user1: Of course Avengers will return
user2: ok
user1: sure 
user1: Hulk smash thor
user1: that is my favorite scene.
user2: my favorite scene is same to you
user1: for sure
user2: good
user1: ok

conversation:
user2: Hi there
user1: Hi
user2: We're talking about the Avengers, right?
user1: Yes have you seen it
user2: Yup, I'm a big fan of Joss Whedon
user1: Yes he is an amazing director
user1: Who is you favorite charactor
user2: I'd have to say Iron Man, he's very funny and in charge
user2: How about you?
user1: I love Mark Ruffalo as hulk
user2: Nice, one of my favorite scenes was when Loki encounters the aliens
user1: I like when they are forming the S.H.I.E.L.D team.
user2: That was definitely interesting
user1: What did you think about the wormhole?
user2: I thought it was a really cool plot device and it was awesome seeing Loki visit Earth
user2: I didn't know that this movie had a 92% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes, that's pretty cool
user1: What did you think about Loki Enslaving the agents
user2: That was really neat and added a lot of tension to the movie
user2: I liked that one of the engines failing caused the Hulk to transform
user2: What did you think about Thor trying to stop him?
user1: What about when thor was thrown from the ship
user1: I liked when Loki tricked them.
user2: Definitely dramatic
user1: I thought it was sad when Loki killed Coulson
user2: Yeah, very sad, but it really brought them together and was a strong motivating force
user2: I thought it was really cool that New York City was the wormhole's location
user1: I think New York is were most movie battles are.
user2: Haha true
user2: I love the scene where Hulk finds Loki and beats him up
user1: Yes to me that is the best part of the movie. He is funnier in hulk mode
user2: Definitely, I loved the comedic relief
user1: What were your thoughts on stark going through the wormhole
user2: Very suspenseful, but I love how Hulk saved him
user1: He looked like he was the hulks toy haha
user2: Did you think it ended well?
user1: Yes but I do not think that they should have let thor take Loki.
user2: Yeah, it was too neatly wrapped up in a bow at the end, there should have been some cliffhangers or something
user1: Yes like Loki escaping.
user1: But they did let everyone know that there would be more movies.
user2: Yeah, I'm glad that we got some more movies out of it haha
user1: For sure  I think that did a great job at picking the cast for the characters as well
user2: Absolutely, lots of star power
user2: Well, thanks for chatting!
user1: You to it was really nice talking with someone who likes these films as much as I do.
user2: Definitely! Take care! :)
user1: you to

conversation:
user2: Hello. I haven't seen this movie, have you?
user2: I may have seen the first one but aren't they all like the same?
user2: Are you there?
user1: Hello! No I have not seen this movie either, Like you I think I saw  the original (a long time back)
user2: I think they should have more women in the cast, like Wonder Woman.
user1: That would be interesting 
user2: I know there's a lot of action in this series but I'm not big into super heroes.
user2: The movie did get a good rating though.
user1: I will agree with you! I am not a really onto this typre of movie
user1: Yes it did get a good rationg!
user2: Do you know any of the main cast?
user1: I like Robert Downey Jr. as an actor
user2: Yea, he's pretty good. I like Scarlett Johansson. 
user1: I have seen a few movies with Chris Evans
user2: I like that they all had separate movies and then combined them all into one movie.
user2: Same.
user1: I have seen a few movies with Chris Evans
user1: Walt Disney produces some very good movies.
user2: Yeah. I like Pixar. I've never heard of the director Joss Whedon.
user1: I am reading the second paragraph and this movie has a very complex plot!
user2: Yeah, there was a lot of action.
user2: I liked the graphics. Everything looked real.
user1: I remember reading comics about the Hulk! 
user2: I think Captain America and Iron Man fought at the end.
user2: I can't believe how good he looked!
user1: Yes the characters are amazing
user1: I think New York is an interesting place for the action!
user2: Of course the always show up when needed.
user2: Yea, it's super busy and populated.
user1: Yes, the heroes always win!
user2: Sometimes I want to root for the bad guys:)
user1: Laughing!!! Sometimes the bad guy wins and a new squeal begins!
user2: You're right.
user1: The Avengers seem to win in this movie

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: HI
user2: you like the article?
user2: tell me what you like about it?
user1: yes

conversation:
user1: What a movie !
user2: Yes, it was very exciting.
user1: Hands down on of the best works of marvel
user1: However doesn't really stand the test of time
user1: After 2-3 viewings the appeal dies
user2: Most of the critics enjoyed it to. It scored an A+.
user1: Its good dont get me wrong
user1: but I cannot repeat view it like some of their other works
user1: Like Guardians, Winter Soilder, Iron Man, Ragnarok 
user2: I like the cast meembers like Robert Downey Jr and Scarlett Johansson.
user1: RDJ jr is god and Scar Jo oh my god
user1: Mark ruffalo doesnt get much props for this movie 
user1: He killed it 
user2: I agree with you about those that
user1: Best Hulk
user1: Even Sam Jackson was fun to watch 
user2: Chris Evans was good.
user1: he was much better in winter soldier
user2: Sam Jackson is a great actor and always performams well.
user1: cobie smulders had it the best in avengers than any other avengers movie
user1: *marvel movie
user2: What do you think about clark Gregg?
user1: dude its his subplot that truly drove the movie
user1: if it werent for his character and his death the entire final act wouldn't have happen
user2: I loved how Lori took the Tesseract and uses his sceptor to enslave Selvig and the other agents
user1: it was colorful story
user2: I beleive the groups division was als0o and intersting part of the show. What about you?
user1: the characters enhanced the story telling
user2: very colorful. I always enjoy the plot of most Marvel comic movies.
user1: some of them really sucked though
user1: iron man 2
user1: thor part 1 and 2
user1: captain amaerica 1
user2: I did not like thor as much
user1: part 3 was good and thats it
user1: he isn't even their best character
user2: When Thor returned Loki and Tesseract while fury expressed that the avengers would return if and when they are needed was a good part tooo
user1: it was a great build off
user1: that whole sequence solidified the MCU
user1: That movie overall mad MCU stand it's ground
user2: The hulk was very powerful in this show to at the end as normal. I really enjoyed that.
user1: Hulk was a trump card 
user2: sure was a great build off.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hey!
user1: I really liked Iron Man in this movie.
user2: So, what do you like about the Avengers?
user2: Yeah, Iron Man was a good movie.
user1: I like that they fight crime 
user1: What about you?
user2: Yeah, them having to work together was pretty cool.
user1: I like that they each brought something to the table. 
user1: They needed each other in order to defeat the criminals. 
user2: Yeah they needed one another.
user1: Which character was your favorite?
user2: How did you like the actors for the main characters?
user2: Probably Captain America.
user1: I thought most of them fit the characters pretty well.
user2: It was as if I was reading a visual comic book.
user1: I thought scarlett was hot as black widow!
user1: Better than the comic's! 
user2: Her acting was really captivating.
user1: And that outfit fit like a glove! 
user2: So, the black widow character is different in the comics.
user1: I think Iron Man was my favorite character 
user1: Not too much
user2: He may be the straw that stirs the drink for the avengers.
user2: Loki was a comical antagonist. 
user1: Yes, oh my! So funny!!!
user2: He was able to control some of the agents in this movie.
user1: I thought Hulk was amazing
user2: Yeah, the calm before the storm.
user1: for sure!!!
user2: All around cool movie.
user1: I couldn't agree with you more!
user1: Thanks for chatting with me!
user2: Likewise!

conversation:
user1: So what did you think of the first teamup movie in the MCU?
user1: Anything in the movie that was a surprise to you?
user2: I enjoyed it quite a bit. I was hoping for more character introduction but overall i did enjoy it
user1: What characters would you wanted to be introduced?
user2: id like to meet most of them however i think Captain America would be the most interesting
user1: I've always liked Captain America but I think Thor and Hulk stole the movie.  Did you like them?
user2: I did Hulk was my favorite childhood superhero si enjoyed his charachter a lot
user2: Do you feel the movie got a fair rating?

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hello!
user2: Have you watched "The Avengers" from 2012?
user1: I have watched this movie>
user2: The one with Mark ruffalo as the Hulk? I personally feel this is a better Hulk than the first Hulk move with Eric Bana as the hulk. i didnt like tha tmovie
user2: did you like this movie? (the avengers with 2012)?
user1: I am in agreement with you. I did not like Eric Bana as the hulk. I think Mark Ruffalo does a much better job at playing the part of the Hulk
user1: Yes I like this movie quite a bit
user2: absolutely. I feel that the bana version of the hulk was way too emotional. the whole movie he was crying about "wah wah im the hulk"....like he was lamenting it...heck if i were the hulk id be excited and say "hell yeah im the hulk , let me smash some stufff. " hahaha
user2: but thats just me. i like my superheroes to have some badassery to them lol
user1: What was the best part of Avengers in your opinion?
user2: the last part where they are eating the schwarma at the end of the movie lol
user1: I like my super heroes to have depth and character
user1: Do you think Robert Downey Jr. does another great job as Tony Stark/Iron Man
user2: i think so. he does a good job. i can't see anyone else playing tony stark/Ironman
user1: What is the Scharma?
user1: Schwarma
user2: its that food they are eating at the end of the movie after the credits
user1: I dont think i saw this
user2: during the fight scene tony stark talks about this great schwarma place they need to try nearby ...so after the credits they show them eating there in silence and someone says yeah this is great lol
user1: how does it pertain to the Avengers?
user2: its funny
user2: its just a funny thing at the end of the movie
user1: lol
user1: that makes sense, a blooper so to speak
user2: all the superhero movies have some sort of thing at the end
user1: What will be the next super hero movie to be released do you think?
user2: Black Panther just came out today
user1: I wasnt aware of that, who is in it
user2: im not sure. but im sure its going to be a hit
user1: so far most have been, especially on the marvel comic end
user2: exactly. Marvel knows how to make bad ass movies
user1: I am not a Nick Fury Fan
user2: not a lot of people are
user1: but Samuel J pulls it off well
user2: i see nick fury and all i think about is Snakes on a plane
user1: lol
user1: maybe the dumbest movie ever to be made
user2: thats all that comes to mind when i see samuel l jackson
user2: that and the capital one commercials lol
user1: pulp fiction
user1: Jackie Brown
user2: that too
user1: Hostage
user1: he has been around
user2: he has!
user2: i like how they connected this movie witht he spiderman homecoming movie
user2: i almost didn't recognize michael keaton in that movie
user2: he is old
user1: me too, they have done an amazing job of connecting each story line even Thor
user2: exactly
user1: Michael Keaton was batman a long time ago
user2: i remember that
user2: i was in high school when that movie came out
user2: Jack Nicholas made an excellent Joker
user1: Same
user2: He was truly insane
user1: he def did
user1: danny devito as the penguin]
user1: jim carey as the riddler
user2: all the  charachters were their own special kind of insane
user1: Michelle pfiffer as cat women
user2: I loved Jim carey as the riddler, although that batman movie didn't do much for me
user1: makes me feel old
user2: too many actors playing dress up
user2: me too
user2: i was a junior in hs when that movie came out
user1: Arnold Schwarzineger as mr freeze lok
user1: lol
user2: omg yeah
user1: The whos who of batman
user2: right
user2: have you seen Justice league
user1: No but i want to
user2: i havent seen it, but i may later today
user1: I was going to say that the Dark Knight series was great though
user2: it is!
user1: prob the best batman version made
user2: I love the Dark Knight Series
user1: What is the name of actor that plays batman
user2: christian bale
user2: he was a good batman
user1: yeah he definitely was a better fit for batman 
user2: nice to be able to converse with someone whoknows about these movies
user1: not michael keaton, val kilmer
user2: my roomate doesnt know about these movies....and my roomate's kid only knows about lego batman lol
user2: right
user1: right, i agree
user2: michael keaton was good for that particular batman.
user2: it was a different generation
user2: "It's the car right, chics dig the car." LOL
user1: he was but looking back it doesnt seem to fit
user2: well no, not anymore
user1: lol
user2: its no longer relevant to today
user2: heath ledger was a more relevant joker by today's standards
user2: People are much more insane nowadays than before
user1: heath ledger is amazing actor well was
user2: he was
user1: i watched some behind the scenes stuff and he went all out on his roles
user2: he was truly the epitomy of the term "criminally insane"
user1: LMAO..
user1: hard to believe he passed making that movie as joker
user2: yeah
user2: that is sad
user2: why all the good ones have to go
user1: depression and pills the silent killer
user2: yeah
user2: too much death nowadays
user2: or maybe its that we are older and notice it more
user1: robin williams spent his whole life making people laugh while he was torn apart inside
user2: true most depressed people never let on that they are depressed
user1: and are usually comedians in some way
user2: people tend to mistake depression as an emotional issue. its not. its a mental, neurological issue sometimes
user1: its their defense mechanism
user2: that causes emotional issues
user2: well, understandably, comedy was robin williams livelyhood.
user1: it is truly a mental issue that is debilitating 
user2: it is. I have a neurological disorder that causes seizures, and sometimes i get depression too. misfiring of neurons
user1: our brains our very powerful
user2: they are
user2: we only use about 10% of our brains
user1: people dont realize what are brains actually are
user1: and can do
user2: right. 
user1: which always makes me wonder about how others percieve the world and their reality
user2: a bunch of wrinkly grey matter that can power sears tower with the electricity it gives off
user2: how long are we supposed to be chatting on here? LOL
user1: Our brains, our DNA, cells etc it is to perfectly imperfect for there not to be a intelligent designer
user1: idk
user1: lol
user1: think we are good
user2: yeah.
user2: it was great chatting with you!
user1: you too
user2: hopefully we meet again sometime
user1: goodbye
user2: adios!

conversation:
user2: Hey there
user2: Have you heard of the Avengers?
user1: Hi, how are you?
user1: No I havent
user1: what is it about?
user2: Its a film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name
user2: It is produced by Marvel studios
user1: Is it a good movie? I usually dont watch superhwero movies
user1: Is it long?
user2: yes it has a good story line to it
user2: It received a 8/10 on r
user1: Has it made a lot of money?
user1: wow, thats a pretty high score!
user2: it is 143 minutes 
user1: Thjat is reaaly long!!
user2: It is a A+ movie rating
user2: Worth the time it will go by fast watching it
user1: Did you watch the whole thing?
user2: Yes!
user1: That is quite impressive!
user1: Would you watch it again?
user1: Im not sure I could watch that long.
user2: Yes I own it and love watching it
user1: Thats great.  It sounds like its now a favorite of yours
user2: My kids love it, if you have kids its a kid friendly movie
user1: That is a good thing and 143 is a long time to keep them interested
user1: Is it better for young children?
user2: Toddlers no
user2: My youngest is 7 and oldest is 11
user1: Does it scare the little ones?\
user2: No just not a movie a toddler would watch except my  neice she is 2 and loved it too
user1: Is it animated?

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: Hi!
user2: Ever seen the avengers?
user1: Which one?
user2: The one from 2012. I think it is the only one called The Avengers, the other one has Age of Ultron or something like that.
user1: I love her
user2: Who do you love?
user1: I don't remember if I've seen it. It's been awhile.
user1: Diana!
user1: Wonder Woman!
user2: That's a different movie.
user1: I know but that's Diana right?
user2: No, I think you are thinking of Scarlett Johansson. 
user1: Oh!
user1: Sorry!
user1: What's Avengers about?
user2: It is about Thor's brrther Loki who tries to split the Avengers up by using some mystical energy force
user1: Why is he trying to divide them?
user2: Because he wants to lead a group called the Chaturi against earth
user1: Does he succeed? 
user2: He does succeed in dividing them, but they eventually come back and regroup. In fact, one of the best scenes is when all the avengers are together and they can't decide on how best to defeat Loki's plans. They all start arguing and you are afraid that Mark Ruffalo, who plays Hulk, is going to start hurting everyone.
user1: Did he end up hurting people?
user2: He did. I am sorry. He killed a man named Agent Coulson

conversation:
user1: hello, what is the name of the movie?
user2: The Avengers 2012
user1: Oh, cool!! is this an action movie?
user2: yeah.. its about american superheroes film based on the marvel comics
user1: Awesome, what superheroes are the ones played in the movie?
user2: its the sixth film in the marvel cinematic universe
user1: Nice, how long is it?
user2: iron man, captain america, hulk, thor, etc
user1: That's cool! 
user2: its metacritic score: 69/100
user1: Interesting, what is the name of the actors who played the thor roll?
user1: actor*
user2: Robert Downey Jr. as Tony Stark / Iron Man
user2: Chris Evans as Steve Rogers / Captain America
user2: Mark Ruffalo as Bruce Banner / Hulk
user2: Chris Hemsworth as Thor, the crown prince of Asgard.
user2: Scarlett Johansson as Natasha Romanoff / Black Widow
user2: Jeremy Renner as Clint Barton / Hawkeye
user1: Good names! seems like an really good movie!
user1: Who is the director of this movie?
user2: Joss Whedon
user1: Ok, I Haven't watch this movie yet but looks interesting. 
user1: does this movie has a second part? 
user2: You know.. in the story the avengers become devided.. finally good avengers won 
user2: information not provided about second part
user1: Ohh I understand. 
user1:  are the special effects in this movie good?
user2: yes.. in avenger's movie its common. the scenes are aweson
user1: That's good to hear, I like scarlett as an actress  so I definitely will be watching this movie! 
user1: Who are the enemies in the movie?
user2: good. and take some review about the movie
user2: hero.. and negative role bothe are avengers
user2: The Asgardian Loki encounters the Other, the leader of an extraterrestrial race known as theChitauri. In exchange for retrieving the Tesseract, a powerful energy source of unknownpotential,
user2: The Avengers become divided, both over how to approach Loki and the revelation thatS.H.I.E.L.D. plans to harness the Tesseract to develop weapons as a deterrent againsthostile extraterrestrials.
user1: Oh I see! 
user1: Is this movie available online? 
user2: the details not provided
user1: Ok, I understand.
user2: the director filmed the transformation of avengers really marvelous
user1: Nice, the history seems really exciting so I bet all the characters are very well developed! 
user2: finally Avengers will return if and when they are needed.
user1: Cool! I hope they make another movie it will be awesome!
user2: the movie is about how the public affecting because of super heroes and the problem between the super heroes.
user1: Ok! is there any other information I need to know before watching the movie?
user2: sorry.. not getting.. please ask again
user1: Do you know more information about the movie? 
user2: not much. I cant reveal my own thoughts. I pick and gave you which I read
user1: I see, ok no problem 
user2: ok
user1: How long is the movie?
user2: the length of the movie not provided
user1: Oh ok!

conversation:
user2: Hi, can you tell me the name of the movie please?
user1: Avengers
user1: Do you like super hero movies?
user2: Oh cool, yes I watch them with my son all the time. Who is the main character actor?
user1: There are many, but Robert Downey Jr is listed as the top guy
user2: Love him as an actor in general. Who is the guy that plays the Hulk?
user1: Mark Ruffalo is Bruce Banner/ Hulk. Did you get a movie as well?
user2: No I didn't get any other information at all. I want to date mark Ruffalo, unfortunately, I think he's taken. LOL. Was Gwynth Paltrow in this one?
user1: Not listed on here, but Scarlett Johansson is!
user2: What's the name of her character? Is she the only one that doesn't really have super powers?
user1: I believe she was, she was black widow. I thought Chris Hemsworth was amazing as Thor
user2: Is the Avengers the one where there is a fight scene between Thor and Hulk?
user1: It is, i'm just not sure if it's the first one or the second one
user2: What is the main plot of this one? They all sort of meld into one in my brain?
user1: You know it doesn't say on here and for the life of me i can't remember either. It looks like Loki tried to take over the earth but was thwarted off
user2: OK, I'm thinking it's the one where all those metal "dinosaurs" appear in the attack scene. What other info does the material given to you offer? 
user1: Not a whole lot, just the review ratings which for the metacritic are surprisingly low.
user2: What was the rating?
user1: only a 69/100
user1: The rotten tomatoes was 92% which is good
user2: hmmm, must have been someone comparing it to Shakespear or something because as far as superhero movies, the whole franchise is pretty awesome. What rating do you think it should have gotten?
user1: I agree way more the 9/10 than a 7. I thought it was a fantastic movie myself!
user2: My kid would say 10/10 and I'm not that far behind. A lot of the lines go right over his head. He just likes the action.
user1: Most kids do, i think that's about all that i have been given information wise
user2: What does the 69/100 say about the movie?
user1: They don't give the review just the rating oddly enough
user2: Well I will probably see the Avengers at least 3 more times in my life time. You?
user1: I'm sure plenty my son is only 10 months old so we haven't even started having to watch them yet.
user2: LOL, he'll be dressing like a super hero by Halloween and wil know how to say Ironman before he can count to 10. I still wonder why they would give the movie such a low rating.

conversation:
user2: this is a great superhero film you should definitely watch 
user1: I'll have to take your advice and watch it soon.
user2: you'll definitely not regret it
user1: superhero movies are the best
user2: yes i agree i almost watch all of them when they come out
user1: Same here, I try to wait until after opening weekends, they are too busy
user2:  i agree i also watch the trailers of the movie before hand 
user1: So do I, I love seeing them
user1: Batman would have to be my favorite, but spider man is up there too
user2: do you have any favorite hero from the avengers  
user1: Loki
user2: i like the hulk
user1: he is great too
user1: I like going to theaters on $5 day and see them a couple times
user2: some critic don't like iron man they say he's a team player but his finest express is self irony i dont agree
user1: i don't agree either
user1: very good point that a lot of people don't see
user2: i think all the avenger are great and if i went to see a movie for $5.00 i would also watch all day
user1: I love to collect items too
user2: did you know that rotten tomatoes gave that avengers a 92% rating and i agree with them
user1: i know, they deserve it
user2: do you think chris hemsworth makes a good thor
user1: yes, very great
user2: i think all of the actors/actress fit the part
user1: they do, makes it so realistic 
user2: what do you think of joss whedon the director 
user1: very good and pretty amazing
user2: i think he makes good super hero films
user1: its hard to find great talent like that, for sure
user2: i think ruffalo who plays the hulk is like the critic said is calm ready to become a volcano 

conversation:
user2: Greetings
user1: Hello.
user2: So lets talk about Avengers
user2: What did you think?
user1: Yes. The Avengers is about Iron Man, Captain America, Hulk, and Thor being recruited.
user2: Did you watch any of the prior Marvel Universe films before watching it?
user1: I have seen many previous marvel Universe films
user2: I thought Joss Whedon did a great job bringing everything together in this one
user1: I thought that Loki played a great villian
user2: It was a lot of moving parts and he did well
user2: Loki is definitely the best villain so far in the marvel movies
user2: Ruffalo was great as Banner and the Hulk also
user1: I agree. I also like Iron Man, he is a good leader
user2: I am a huge Hawkeye fan, so it was great to see him in this movie
user1: Yes, I like Jeremy Renner as Hawkeye as well
user2: What did you think of bring in the tesseract as the main plot point from previous movies?
user2: I thought it was a great way to bring the Chittari to earth
user2: Made sense that way
user1: I thought it was very clever. It alowed Loki to reach Earth 
user1: and then it was a great way to include Clint Barton.
user1: /Hawkeye
user2: Very true. Even if he was mind controlled for most of the movie
user2: I was sad they killed off Coulson in the move
user2: even if it didnt last
user2: Hulk's scenes were the best in my opinion
user2: Him fighting with thor
user1: Yes. That entire scene where Coulson was killed, Thor was ejected from the airship and Hulk was attacking SHIELD was very intense
user1: I enjoy watching hulk fighting scenes
user2: The motion capture they used for the face really worked well
user1: I agree that this film should have gotten a 92% on rotten tomatoes. I think that is a very high score and it was a very good movie. 
user2: As do I. I remember walked out of the theatre being ecstatic at it. So well done
user2: Deserved its score
user2: When Hulk beat up Loki I about died laughing
user1: I agree, it was a little stressful when the avengers started to become divided
user2: It showed how well they could work alone also though
user1: I enjoy watching banner's transformation into the Hulk. The personality change is very entertaining
user2: Then the big moment they all come back together
user1: Yes and Thor returns Loki and the Tesseract to Asgard
user1: very intense.
user2: Definitely set up plot points for other movies also

conversation:
user1: definitely better than a dc movie.
user2:  Have you seen this movie?
user1: tewice i want to say.
user1: twice*
user2:  Wow. I haven't seen it, but I saw Iron Man. Was this one better?
user1: Iron man had a better story i felt
user1: avengers was very good from a visuals stand \point.
user1: overall I'd say ironman
user1: not the sequels though.
user2:  I'm more of an Xmen person.
user1: i liked the cartoon as a kid, the movies not as much
user1: too much focus on wolverine, some bad acting etc
user2:  I think it's interesting that Joss Weiden was involved in this one.
user2:  I watched Buffy when I was younger. I didn't know he was doing movies now.
user1: did he do the newer one also?
user2:  I don't know. Was that the one that was vs DC?
user1: dc isn't as cool to me
user1: superman is stale
user1: i like x men and spiderman and hulk
user1: it was a civil war one between marvel guys
user1: they had alot of random ones mixed in
user2:  That's the one I was thinking of.
user1: was ok
user2: I didn't see it, just the ads for it.
user1: super hero movies being overdone i feel.
user1: just like zombies before
user1: they get something popular and milk it
user2:  True
user1: vamires had a time 
user1: like early 200s
user1: its the fad of the box office so to say.
user2: Ugh, Twilight.
user1: lol
user1: couldnt bring myself to watch sorry
user1: i saw the new thor, it was pretty good
user1: it had hulk which helps
user1: the new dc justice league wasnt as good
user1: i know im being harsh on dc lol
user2:  I liked the Hulk movie.
user1: batman movies were awesome if they count.
user1: the edward norton one?
user2: Loved the Batman movies.
user1: yea great acting
user1: they casted it really well
user2: So how long are we supposed to chat for?
user1: even though christian bale had throat cancer it sounded like lol
user2:  Will they tell us when we're done?
user1: 30 i think, trying to see the box light up below

conversation:
user2: Did you like the movie?
user1: For a superhero movie, I thought it was quite good.  Did you like it?
user2: Yes, i loved it! I love Marvel movies.
user1: Who is your favorite Avenger?
user1: WHO IS YOUR FAVORITE AVENGER?!
user2: I'd have to say Black Widow. She's strong and she's played y Scarlett Johansson. 
user2: Don't rush me.
user1: LOL
user2: Lol Who was your fave Avenger?
user1: Obviously, the Hulk due to his rage.  
user2: How do you think Robert Downer Jr. did in his performance?

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user1: I'm supposed to ask you about a movie. What's it's name?
user2: The Avengers
user2: am i right
user1: Oh, what kind of movie is it? Adventure? Superhero?
user2: yeah it is an action film
user1: Who are the actors in it?
user2: released in 2012
user1: Any movie stars I'd recognize?
user2: no idea really
user2: do you like dramas?
user1: Can you tell me anything about the plot?
user1: Yes, I like dramas sometimes.
user2: Joss Whedon is a great director, do you?
user2: agree
user1: I like some of Whedon's movies, but not others. It sort of depends on the film. I've liked some of the things he's done, though.
user2: oh yeah
user1: Did he direct this movie?
user2: yes ofcourse
user1: Ah, interesting. 

conversation:
user1: Have you see any good movies lately?
user2: I really like The Avengers movie.
user1: Oh, me too. What did you like best about it?
user2: I like how they managed to bring a bunch of characters together, but it didn't feel overloaded. It was a great culmination to the individual movies.
user1: I agree. There was a good dynamic between the characters. Unfortunately, I wish they had done that with Captain America: Civil War. It felt like superhero-overload by the end!
user2: Very true. I had a hard time keeping track of the 'teams' in the airport fight scene.
user1: I know, right? The airport scene was overcrowded, making it difficult to focus on any one hero at any particular point. I worry about that in regard to the upcoming Avengers: Infinity War.
user2: I haven't seen the trailer or anything for that. I typically avoid all the promo stuff so I can go to the movie expecting nothing.
user1: Ah.. A wise decision. My wife and I are starting to withdraw from watching the trailers, as so much lately feels like it spoils the movie! With the cost of admission, that is a disappointment beyond comprehensioN!
user1: Who is your favorite of the Avengers?
user2: I know what you mean.
user2: Um...I'd say Iron Man.
user2: RDJ is great in both capacties to me.
user2: How about you?
user1: Agree. He is the person everyone seems to think of lately when asked who they envison when asked about the character of Tony Stark.
user2: Who was your least favorite character?
user1: I would have to go with Black Widow. I feel they have yet to really explore the levels of her character. 
user2: That's a fair critique. Mine was Hawkeye. He felt superfluous.
user1: Wow! Totally agree with you on that as well. I felt that they totally wrecked introducing a "secret family" on a farm in Avengers: Age of Ultron.

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: hello
user2: do you like it?
user1: yes
user2: i love it
user1: its great
user2: i love the avengers
user1: so do i
user2: who is your favorite?
user1: i like iron man
user2: iron man is great
user2: hulk too
user1: hulk smash!
user2: haha, awesome
user1: thor also good
user2: thor is great
user1: scarlett johansson mmm i like
user2: ooo yeahhh
user1: too bad her role is small
user2: yes
user1: i like loki
user2: i don't like loki
user1: why?
user2: it is a silly character
user1: i don't agree
user1: but whatever
user2: I like the action
user1: yeah, great action scenes
user2: the script is funny
user1: yeah

conversation:
user1: You should probably not watch The Avengers.
user2: ha! not sure where to go with that . But I love the Avenger movies! Why do you say not watch them?
user1: Joss Whedon directs it, and it sounds like the same old thing
user2: Are you referring to the original specifically
user1: It sounds like it's like every other super hero movie. Maybe you would like it if you like those. I just find everything from the names to the outfits to the origin stori4es kind of corny, Like, "Captain America"?
user1: hello?
user1: Perhaps we should move on to the enxt movie?
user1: Please respond

conversation:
user1: Hi, this movie was great. The visual effects were very spectacular and the plot was very interesting 
user2: Hello, I enjoyed this movie as well. I really enjoy Marvel movies.
user2: I really like the actors that is used for this movie.
user1: yes, the humor from Robert is great, that is why he is in most of the Marvel movies
user2: I agree!
user1: I like that the movie is not dark or depress like others
user1: I also like that is connected to the marvel series
user2: I also like that in The Avengers its not all about one superhero.
user1: they all have a important role in the plot
user2: Yes, they do
user1: Hulk's role was a misery  for me, but he really blends with the cast in his own way
user2: Hulk isnt my favorite, but he does belong just as much as the rest 
user2: Who is your favorite?
user1: I like Irom Man becuase of his funny comments and tecnology
user1: but Ruffalo's takes the correct track with Hulk, his Banner calm personality is great in the movie
user2: For sure, hes my fav. I also like Captain American 
user1: yeah, he always surprise me with his resistant. He is no superman but he takes a lot of hits 
user2: Thats for sure.
user2: Iron Man has great qualities, I mean he really isnt a true superhero hes self made. and really smart
user1: is like batman but with a good personality
user1: And Loki, do you think he is a good villain? 
user2: much better personality and he not afraid to show his true self
user2: Im not a fan of Loki... 
user1: he is not my favorite
user2: He does a few things that are cool, but really he dosnt seem like a good bad guy..lol
user1: but he doesn't ruin the movie, I like how he completed his plan to open the gate 
user1: but after that he lost his Role i nthe movie
user2: I agree

conversation:
user1: THE IRON MAN ENTRY IS AWESOME
user2: I like the Hulk entry.
user1: CAPTAIN PERFECT ROLL
user2: ya heroin is very nice
user1: HULK TO STORNG MAN
user2: ya the graphics they use pefectly
user1: TONY STARK ACT VERY WELL
user2: the intro scene is very nice
user1: IRON MAN IS ORDINARY MAN BUT wearing his super-suit
user2: the marvel studios produced avengers and they choose perfect script
user1: Thor swings a mighty hammer.
user2: The loki uses the speture to control every one.
user1: The avengers drama continued too great stories.
user2: Clint Barton is also controlled by the Loki.
user1: the captain america char powerful and versatile shield.
user2: Dr. Erik Selvig helped Loki to open the portal.
user1: The Avengers is that the Earth is under threat by the smirking Loki
user2: The death of agent Colson is the turning point of this movie.
user1: But climax too bored
user2: I like hulk smasing alien spaceship.
user1: Loki and Thor are obscurely related to the gods of Norse mythology.
user1: captain lead the team of avengers.
user2: I like the Heli carrier of the S.H.I.E.L.D.
user2: Reunion of every one very dramatic.
user1: But iron man suit control the tony
user2: The nuclear missile is very power full.
user1: The hulk is a mild-mannered guy until he gets angry.
user2: It destroyed the entire alien army.

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: hello
user2: have you seen the avengers movie?
user1: which one?
user2: can you see the article?
user2: 2012
user1: No I haven't seen the Avengers!
user2: Oh my goodness! Do you like action packed movies?
user1: I like movies with Chuck Norris, Rambo. I like some Marvel movies too!
user2: Have you seen any of the Iron Man or Captain America movies?
user1: Yes I have
user2: The Avengers has Iron Man, Captain America, Hulk, Thor, Scarleet Johansson as the Black Widow and Jeremy Renner as Hawkeye. They make up the Avengers.
user1: I like captain America between the two because he  is not as arrogant.
user2: It is an amazing movie with non-stop action
user2: Out of The Avengers, I like Hulk because he is unpredictable. 
user1: Thanks. I think I will be looking into it while I am here.
user2: The ratings are very high, 90+ on rotten tomatoes and cinemascore. I highly recommend it if you like action. You are correct though that Tony Start is arrogant.
user2: *Stark*
user1: I am really interested now. I have seen the second one. But i wouldn't mind seeing the first one.
user2: Overall, I am not a huge superhero movie fan, but this is one of my favorites.
user2: The user left the chat session prior to page 3 and 4 displaying. 

conversation:
user2: Robert Downey Jr. movie always awesome
user1: The Iron man character play a lead role in this movie.
user2: And I like nick fury director movies like The Hulk series.
user1: The fight between the Iron man and hulk is superb.
user2: I eager to wait to watch upcoming series of Iron man
user1: I am also waiting to see the next movie of Marvel's The Avengers.
user2: Chris Hemsworth role also noticeably good. He well played prince asgard role 
user1: I like the Hulk smashing the alien spaceship.
user2: Steve Rogers stunt also remarkable to make success of this movie
user1: This movie reminds us that we should work as a team.
user1: Dr. Erik Selvig gets more knowledge through the scepter.
user2: Thor appearing scene was terrible. 
user1: The alien creature seams to be awful.
user2: But this movie get metacritic score only 69. I dont the reason. why?
user1: Clint Barton is also enslaved by the Loki.
user2: Agent bil coulson acted very naturally in this movie
user1: The death of Coulson is very touching.
user2: I feel terrible when Hulk fall into ground, it was great screenplay
user1: S.H.I.E.L.D. fighter jet and heli carrier is simply superb.
user2: rogers and stark trying to restart the engine scene making tension to audience without doubt this is great movie
user1: The death of agent Coulson makes a change over in the hearts of Avengers.
user2: Yes that coulson death turning point for this movie 
user1: The nuclear missile is very powerful.
user1: Some how Iron Man managed to send to other dimension.
user2: The hulk find loki and beating scene was fantastic. Great revenge.
user1: The nuclear missile destroys the mothership which disables other space ships.
user2: Fury expression in this movie was so realistic. And we too hope avengers will return if needed
user1: Screaming of Hulk on Iron Man, thinking that he is dead is very touching.
user2: Hulk saving stark's life from freefall scene so touchable

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hey!
user2: Did you like the movie The Avengers?
user1: Of course! Joss Whedon did an amazing job directing it. I saw it again last week.
user2: Which one of the cast was your favorite superhero?
user1: Iron Man hands down. Robert Downer Jr. killed it! What about you, who was yours?
user2: Robert Downey Jr. as Iron man. I think he is most everyone's favorite. I mean his attitude and wittiness is just so entertaining 
user1: Do you think Whedon directed the movie great or no?
user2: Definitely. He sure knows how to appeal to a wide audience.
user2: I'm not usually a fan of superhero movies but I think he elevated the genre.
user1: Yes I agree. What was your favorite scence in the movie?
user2: I think any scene in which Loki makes an appearance.
user2: Like the one in which Loki encounters the Others and gets the Tesseract
user1: Totally! That scene had some much action!
user2: I agree. The whole movie is chock-full of action sequences. 
user2: What was your favorite scene?
user1: My favorite scene towards the end of the movie. When Hulk slams Loki on the ground like a ragdoll during one of Loki's narcissistic rant. "puny god" - Hulk

conversation:
user1: Hello, welcome to the chat!
user1: My name is Marko let's make some money, eh?
user2: HELLO. I'M ERIC.  LET'S MAKE MONWY
user2: ERSHAVE YOU SEEN AVENG
user1: Ha ha, ok, I haven't actually, is it awesome?
user2: YES, JOSH WHEDON AN AMAZING DIRECTOR
user1: I heard that Scarlett Johansson is a very interesting person as an actress
user1: She's not as bland as most actresses
user2: MARC RUFFALO AND ROBERT DOWNEY JR AS IRON MAN AND HULK REALLY MAKE THE MOVIE 
user2: SHE IS GOOD IN T
user2: THE MOVIE
user1: I know that Donald Li doesn't have a lead role
user1: but he's always been a really great side-caster
user1: I wonder if he does anything cool in that movie, I guess I'll have to see!
user2: IT HAS A 92% RATING ON rotten tomatoea
user2: Loki's character is fantastic
user1: Wow awesome, are we talking about the new avengers Infinity War?
user2: No, we are talking about the First one
user2: You need to see that first
user1: Ok, well it looks like there's another one coming, so that makes me want to watch the first more
user2: It has an A+ rating
user1: Looks like that's coming out in May 4th 2018 better mark your calendar!
user2: yep!  Already marked
user2: The first one shows how they are sivided
user1: The avengers made 623,279,547$ in the box office, wow that's a lot
user2: divided, but come together
user2: Yes, it deserved to make that much
user2: you must see it
user1: If you liked this one I bet you'll like guardians of the galaxy too
user2: Yes, that was very good as well
user1: I always liked the guy with the stretchy arms
user1: what a cool super power
user2: In the first Avengers, New York almost gets Nuked!!
user2: Yes,plastic man was cool
user1: Yikes, hopefully that doesn't happen in the second one coming up O.O second movie, second chance
user1: I'll have to hold onto my trousers
user2: It doesn't
user2: don't worry
user2: So are you going to watch Avengers?
user1: I think I'm going to I appreciate your guidance on the movie, it really sounds pretty cool
user2: thanks, have a great  ight
user1: Been a while since I've watched movies but I don't really know why I stopped
user1: take care

conversation:
user1: hello
user1: anythere?
user2: hay how are you/
user1: i am fine what about you?
user2: yeah fine . have you watched Avengers 2012?
user1: yes ofcourse i loved that movie
user2: I like the Iron man and you?
user1: that based upon marvel comics!, i watched that movie only for iron man,robert drowney ,, he is an fantastic actor
user2: Yes exactly fantastic acting/
user1: yes i agree with you,what is your name
user1: i am naren!
user2: I am sree
user1: sree?? are you from india?
user1: sree is an unisex name, are you male or female?
user2: Do you like loki the charector in iron man
user1: i loving it sree. i like that movie and also the charactors
user1: hello sree
user2: Do you think super heroes are piling up in Marvell movies?
user1: not sure but i think so
user2: What you think about Thor
user1: that is also one of my favorite  movie
user1: first developed the concept of a film adaptation of Thor in 1991, but soon abandoned the project
user1: 	Chris Hemsworth nice actor
user2: Is captain America or Iron man which one you think a team player
user1: captain america
user2: what is the reason
user1: captain america make a decision with group
user2: Iron man also in a group
user1:  i agree that but comparatively not better than captainamerica 
user2: why they divided in separate groups Is Iron man is the reason
user1: not a specific reason i think so
user2: Which other characters you think a key player for decision making
user1: that is iron man
user2: What about SHIELD is it in full control of Avengers
user1: i dont know about that

conversation:
user2: Do you like The Avengers?
user1: I think they are ok. I am not really a fan of Captain America though. What about you?
user2: Joss Whedon has done a great job.
user2: Which scene did you like the most?
user1: When the Hulk goes crazy
user1: What about you?
user2:  I am not sure about that but did you check Mr. Downey comes to the party with two insuperable superpowers
user1: I think Iron man can do it all on his own.
user2: Maybe after all they have super powers
user1: Who was your favorite cast member?
user2: As you said Iron Man can do all, so definitely Robert Downey Jr.
user2: Do you like movies of Drama, Superhero?
user1: Yes, I like them. Especially when they focus on just one superhero.
user1: Did you like how Loki acted?
user2:  I am not sure about that but did you know Nick Fury director of the peacekeeping organization SHIELD recruits Iron Man
user1: I didn't know that. What is your favorite part of the movie?
user2: Agent Maria Hill arrive at a remote research facility
user2: Did you saw that scene?
user1: Yes. Do you think SHIELD should develop weapons to stop hostile extraterrestrials ?
user2: Yes, but do you agree with the rating of the movie? 
user1: I think its a pretty good movie overall so I'd say the rating is about right. 92% on Rotten Tomatoes is good.
user2: Do you generally watch movies with 92% ratings?
user1: What do you think about the Metacritic Score?
user1: Yeah I like watching popular movies
user2: I think it's average just 69%
user2: However CinemaScore is A+
user1: Do you think it was ok for the avengers to fight within new york city?
user2: Which cast's performance you didn't like?
user1: I didn't really like the performance of Loki. 
user2: I am not sure about that, but I think overall every cast did their job perfectly. Do you also think that?
user2: Do you like acting of Hulk?
user1: I think everyone who was cast did a good job. I think the acting of the Hulk was good too.
user2: What about Jeremy Renner, the Hawkeye
user1: He makes a really good Hawkeye. I think they did a good job in casting him.
user1: Were there any of the cast members you didn't like?
user2: I think Loki would only be that person, but I am not sure about it as that was his cast.
user2: What about you?
user1: Definitely Loki. I did not like him.
user1: If you had to rate the movie out of 10. What would it be?
user2: Why you didn't like Loki? Give me a reson.
user2: 9
user1: I did not like the person they cast to play as Loki and it turned me off from enjoying his character.
user2: Iron man was certainly a team player.
user1: I liked Iron Man. Especially when he took the missile into the wormhole when they were defending new york.
user2: That's why he has shown lots of gratitude to his 
user2: spectators

conversation:
user2: Hi there - what movie are we discussing?
user1: The Avengers from 2012
user1: Joss Whedon was the director.
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: Got it. Love Joss Whedon! Who were the stars?
user2: I have, but it was awhile ago
user1: Great cast... Robert Downey Jr., Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth and Scarlett Johansson
user1: Those are all awesome actors.
user2: Agreed! What other info do they give you? :)
user1: It was the sixth film in the franchise.
user2: What are the others?
user1:  It doesn't say. But it got a 92% on RT.
user2: That's an excellent score. 
user1: Only a 69 on Metacritic though
user2: Have you seen it?
user1: It's about the leader of an extraterrestrial race called the Chilatauri.
user1: and an espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D.
user2: I never knew how to spell Chilatauri
user2: Oh right! SHIELD!
user1: Lol it helps to have it here in front of me haha
user2: I've never heard of Metacritic - had you?
user2: :D
user1: The Avengers can't decide how to approach Loki and SHIELD
user1: Yeah its the fans votes
user2: Ah ha! Got it
user2: Joss Whedon is a genius
user1: Comic book fans are always skeptical of films about the stuff they love so that's why it's low
user2: That makes a lot of sense
user1: They have to try and defend New York City
user1: The Avengers, not the critics haha
user2: LOL! Right! It's coming back to me now
user1: Robert Downey Jr. is the Stark character. He's so cool.
user2: He was made for that role. It's a perfect match.
user1: The Hulk saves him at the end. Good 'ol Hulk coming through.
user1: I think we're good. See ya!
user2: Break out the animation for a big ending!
user2: Cheers!

conversation:
user2: HI
user2: GUYS
user2: HOW ARE YOU
user1: hi
user1: You should see Avengers. It has Mark Ruffalo in it.
user1: He's great
user2: YES
user2: YOU SHOULD SEE AVENGERS MOVIE
user1: And Robert Downey plays a very complex and intersting character
user1: joss Whedon is a great director
user2: YOU know Chris Evans
user2: yes

conversation:
user2: hi
user2: what do you know about the survey?
user1: Hello there, we're going to be talking about the Avengers.
user2: tell me about the avengers
user2: what you know about it
user1: Well, it's a movie about a group of superheroes that form together to stop a villain. Typical superhero stuff, but it's good. You should watch it. 
user1: It has an A+ on CinemaScore!
user2: oh thats really nice I watched the civil war avengers
user2: I will love to see it
user1: Yeah, same series, but this one came out a little earlier in 2012. It has a bunch of celebrities in it, and it's a good movie. 
user1: I don't really understand how this survey is supposed to work
user2: same thing here bro, I just want the completion code
user1: yup
user2: try and abort the conversation
user1: Ok, it's working, we just need the responses back and forth to finish off each page. 
user1: Every 3 messages, a new page pops up
user2: oh thats nice
user2: how long have you been working on mturk?
user1: Yeah, this one is also talking about the Avengers, and I guess I'm supposed to be convincing you to watch it. IDK
user1: To answer your question, about 3 months.
user2: yes I guess you should.hope is fun for you working ?
user1: Sometimes it's fun, but it just depends on the day. A lot of it is just grinding. 
user1: I think there's 1 or 2 of the documents left
user2: yes I have been working for 6 months
user1: I just use it as supplementary income cause I'm in school. For that it works pretty well. 
user2: same thing am in school
user2: using it as supplementary income
user2: hope you use scripts to work?
user1: For sure. 
user2: thats great
user1: Still kind of getting everything set up to be most efficient, but I imagine it just takes time.
user1: especially with the scripts being updated for the new site
user2: yes it require a lot of time investment to make a minimum wage
user1: yeah, I probably don't make minimum wage, but you also don't have to go anywhere.
user2: you can finish the conversation now. it shows the button, try and watch avengers nice meeting you

conversation:
user1: Hi!
user2: Hello
user2: This movie was awesome!
user1: It was really good. I love Robert Downey Jr as Tony Stark. 
user2: Yes, and all the superheroes together!
user2: I liked Chris Helmsworth
user2: Hemsworth
user1: Yeah, he's great. Thor and  Loki always play off each other well.
user2: Yes, I didn't know until I watched it that Loki was Thor's brother.
user1: Oh yeah? Pretty cool 9irght? This movie has 92% on Rotten Tomatoes, that's pretty impressive.
user2: It earned it!  CinemaScore gave it an A+
user1: It earned that one too! Casting Mark Ruffalo as the Hulk was genius. I never would have thought of that.
user2: The Tesseract opening a wormhole was pretty neat.  
user1: It was cool. The Other really manipulated Loki well to get that.
user2: I hope I don't get nightmares about the Chitauri.  Or Loki, he is one evil dude.
user1: He is a bad one. Nick Fury had everything under control at S.H.I.E.L.D though.
user2: It made me mad when Loki enslaved Selvig and the others.
user1: No kidding! Loki's kind of a jerk.
user2: I wish they wouldn't have started arguing over weapons, there was Earth to worry about.
user1: Yeah, there are a lot of big egos in that group. They don't always work together well, but after Coulson was killed Nick Fury got everyone going in the same direction.
user2: He sure did!  How did you like the Helicarrier, it reminded me of an aircraft carrier flying on steroids.
user1: That thing was boss! You see a lot of cool things in movies these days, but that was outstanding. Of course stupid Loki had to attack it.
user2: I'm glad they all got on the same side of things.  
user2: Too bad Coulson had to die.
user1: Yeah, he goes all the way back to the first Iron Man movie.
user1: Hulk beating the crap out of Loki was cool.
user2: That was awesome when the Hulk pounded on Loki
user2: LOL
user1: Ha1
user1: Things went better when Loki wasn't controlling Selvig.
user2: Can you believe a movie where a nuclear missile gets fired at Midtown Manhattan?
user1: Right? That's high stakes. But Tony Stark saved the day, as usual.
user2: Yeah!  He had a close call though, good thing Hulk signed back on with the good guys.
user1: Yep, Hulk saved Tony's day! 
user1: Then it was back to Asgard for Loki.
user2: The ending wouldn't have been the same without Stark
user1: No way. Robert Downey Jr makes the character so funny, but so cool.
user1: It was a fun movie. I can't wait for Avengers: Infinity War this summer!
user2: He's the best.  This was a great movie.

conversation:
user2: good tasks then very nice do to it
user1: Do you like superhero type movies?

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello. Have you seen The Avengers?
user1: It is a 2012 American superhero film based on the comic book of the same name.
user2: Yes I have
user2: I loved it
user2: I liked the cast of the movie
user2: what actor is your favorite
user2: ?
user1: I liked Robert Downey Jr as Tony Stark / Iron Man.
user2: He is a great actor
user2: I liked him as well
user1: Mark Ruffalo was also good as Hulk.
user2: Yeah, he was, I wasnt so sure at the beggining but then watching him act 
user2: my perspective changed
user2: I see that the movie has great ratings
user1: Yes. It seems people generally agreed that it was a good movie. It got a 92% on Rotten Tomatoes.
user2: Yeah and a Cinema Score of A+ 
user2: that seems pretty good as well
user1: I like the beginning when Loki encounter the Other, the leader of an extraterrestrial race. 
user2: His also a great actor, I liked Thor
user2: what about critic responses
user1: It was cool when a wormhole was activated so Loki could reach Earth.
user2: do you agree with them
user1: It seems like some critics liked it. It goes a 69/100 Metacritic score.
user2: I dont really agree with that score
user2: Avengers deserve a higher rating for sure
user2: I liked the scene where Fury uses Coulson's death as an inspiration for the rest of the team. I though it was a pretty clever move
user1: That was a cool move.
user2: He is truly a badass, 
user2: he doesnt need powers to be cool
user1: It was interesting when the possessed agents attacked the Helicarrier. I can't believe they were able to disable one of its engines. 
user2: Yeah that was crazy and it only took Hawk Eye one of the heroes without powers to do all that damage
user1: I can't believe Loki was not satisfied just defeating people, he needed to overpower them publicly to validate himself. 
user2: Yeah, its crazy, I also liked the scene when Starks suit runs out of power
user1: I like the scene after when Rogers, STark, Romanoff, Barton, and Thor rally in defense of New York City at the wormhole. 
user1: The battle against Chitauri was cool.
user2: Yeah it was, great special effects and fighting scenes
user2: and the message at the end 
user2: by Nick Fury about the return of the Avengers
user1: Yes that was a nice thing.
user1: He is confident that they will return when they are needed. 
user1: That is good to know. 

conversation:
user1: Hey!
user2: Hi.
user1: So, avengers, right?
user1: I freaking hated that movie, my god.
user2: Yeah. I didn't see it. Did you?
user1: So boring.
user1: It was just so generic and boring, I know I'm meant to love it because so many people do but, like.
user2: I might check it out just for Mark Ruffalo and Scarlett J.   But I am not really into superhero flicks.
user1: It's just so stale, you know?
user2: I totally understand.
user1: Yeah. Not a superhero person either.
user1: I'm not asking for art-house indie but, like, give me a little new, you know.
user2: Since I didn't watch it, was it a family appropriate movie?  My kids like superheros but have to make sure it is clean.
user1: Yeah, it was. You might like it.
user2: I doubt it would be something I enjoy but I may find out more to see if it is appropriate for the kids. 
user1: The story was...pretty not bad. There were a decent amount of twists, at least seeing it written down.
user1: But even the story as written here doesn't look too engaging.
user2: The fight scenes and CG were probably good though right?
user1: Yeah! Definitely. Best in the business. Critics loved those.
user2: It definitely didn't seem to be too appealing.
user2: Just from reading about it.
user1: Yeah.
user1: I don't know if it's this writing in specific, but it feels bad.
user2: The cast didn't seem like they would click as a "team" in my opinion.
user1: I mean, it might be a little more interesting seeing it play out, but it reads really bland.
user1: Yeah, same.
user1: They aren't really engaging as individuals either.
user2: Honestly they just aren't the type I see as being superheroes.
user1: Yeah. They just seem like boring dudes.
user1: Like, wow, Fury uses Couson's death to motivate the Avengers into working as a team. What a shocker.
user1: The Hulk beats someone up. Totally wild.
user2:  A villian wants to rule the Earth? Ummm that has definitely been over played.
user1: Maybe too harsh.
user1: Lol. It really kinda has.
user1: The plot just isn't great, but the CGI and acting might help it out a bit.
user2: What are you opinions on Downey as Iron Man?  I just can't get into him as the character.
user2: I don't see him as sophisticated but I can see him as sharp tongued.
user1: I can't really see him as Iron Man either. His greed thing felt a little forced in the first movie, and his character doesn't really come together to make an interesting portrait.
user1: Downey is interesting though, so that helps.

conversation:
user1: Hi there! 
user2: Hello! 
user1: Have you seen the movie, Avengers?
user2: I have. I really enjoyed it. Lots of action and rich humor!
user2: It looks like lots of people loved the movie, too - it got 92% on Rotten Tomatoes. 
user1: Oh my goodness yes! Such amazing actors in it as well! Robert Downey Jr. is hilarious as Iron Man. 
user1: And a CinemaScore of A+! Guess we aren't alone in enjoying it!
user2: Nope! I thought that Mark Ruffalo did a good job, too, being the Hulk.
user1: Yes!! He's sort of my celeb crush so seeing him as the Hulk was fun! 
user2: I have a little celeb crush on Scarlett Johansson. She surprised me as to how good of a Black Widow she was. While I respect her acting abilities, sometimes it doesn't translate well into superhero parts. She was amazing!
user1: I completely agree! I was surprised how well she nailed the part! 
user1: Tom Hiddleston played Loki right?
user2: Yes. He was pretty good as a trickster alien magician. 
user1: hahaha! I actually really disliked him in the movie so he did an awesome job of acting like the bad guy!
user2: I had not read a lot of the Avengers comics, but I do like the interaction between governments trying to build new weaponry and the problems it causes - such as the Tesseract opening a wormhole for aggro aliens to come to Earth.
user1: It makes me wonder if that could actually happen in the future! 
user2: It would be a worry if there were aliens out there wanting to enslave Earth. 
user1: LOL! Sadly some people believe that 
user2: I loved that the Avengers come together, then have disagreements, fight a while, and then work it out. 
user1: I can't even remember most of this movie!
user1: Who ended up fighting?!
user2: It was part of a plan from the bad guys - they enrage Bruce Banner to become the Hulk while he is on the Avengers ship. He starts destroying the ship
user2: Thor has to try to calm him down. Stark and Captain America have a disagreement about how to approach Loki. 
user1: Oh I do remember that!
user1: I remember Stark falling into the wormhole! 
user2: That wormhole scene had me really tense. I knew he would come back out in my mind, but my pulse was racing.
user1: hahaha same here! I was on the edge of my seat! Like they would really let Ironman die. Still scared me! 
user2: The big fight in the middle of NYC was pretty cool. 
user1: I love the CG they used there! It looked so real!
user2: I had forgotten that in the middle of all that fighting, the World Security Council sent a nuke... dumb humans.
user1: LOL! Isn't that how we handle everything these days?
user2: totes.

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: Hello!
user2: Have you seen The Avengers?
user1: Yes!
user2: it's a very good superhero film, do you like it?
user1: Yes, I did! I really like Captain America!
user1: Did you?
user2: The cast is very good: Chris Evans, Robert Downey Jr, Mark Ruffalo
user2: Yes I liked it very much, you should watch it again
user1: Yes, Chris Evans is very handsome! I will make sure to watch it again! 
user1: Who do you like the best in the movie?
user2: I think it's very entertaining and there's a lot of stuff going on so it keeps being interesting 
user2: what about you?
user1: I like Robert Downey Jr. 
user1: His acting is always funny as Iron Man!
user1: There are loads of cool action scenes, those keep me on my seat!
user2: he is a very talented actor
user1: Why should I re-watch the movie?
user2: Because if you like Robert Downey Jr. You'll have a great time. According to critical response, he is a very great character, sophisticated and sharp-tongued
user1: Oh wow, that sounds intriguing! What about the other cast members? Are there any other notable things to re-watch for?
user2: Yes!
user2: Well, according to the critics, Ruffalo is a revelation!
user1: Oh, how so?
user2: Because he turns his character from quiet to "a volcano" in a great way!
user1: Oh, I see, that's fascinating.
user1: What about the action scenes?
user2: the ensemble makes a great deal of action scenes
user2: In the film, Nick Fury, recruits Iron Man, Captain America, the Hulk, and Thor to form a team that must stop Thor's brother Loki from subjugating Earth.
user2: it's a very interesting plot
user1: Oh wow, and who plays Loki?
user2:  I am not sure about that but did you know Scarlett Johansson plays Black Widow?
user1: No, I did not!

conversation:
user1: Hello!, How are you?
user2: Hi!
user2: Did you like this movie?
user2: I thought it seemed rushed in production,myself.
user1: I think the movie was pretty good, I don't think it was fantastic or anything like that. Did you think the reviews it got was fiar?
user2: I think the reviews were too good.
user2: Everyone loved it but I thought it was very contrived 
user1: I think they are a bit biased, they always seem to be with heavily advertised movies.
user2: Yea I agree
user1: Maybe it's because we didn't read the comics?
user2: Yea thats probably why as well
user2: is there a specific scene you liked? or disliked
user1: Honestly? No I didn't have a favorite scene at all did you?
user2: Nope I thought that loki and thor were probably the worst characters though
user2: They constantly try to make a joke throughout the movie
user1: I actually thought Hulk was the worst.
user1: I dind't like Mark Ruffalo as the hulk at all.
user2: Yea Mark ruffalo doesn't seem like he's into the character at all!
user1: I actually wish they casted Edward Norton again.
user1: Did you have a favorite character/
user1: ?
user2: Yea it would've enhanced the character in this forsure. I don't have a favorite character to be honest 
user1: I actually liked Iron Man in the movie. Witty humor is a favorite thing for me
user1: What did you think of Black Widow?
user2: Yea the first movie was really good. In the avengers i feel like there's no good plotline. Like the tessaract and all of that is just thrown around
user2: I liked black widow actually
user1: Really? I personally feel she doesn't have much of a black in the films.
user1: Here are all these mystic creatures who could kill her just by looking at her, and her companions are borderline gods.
user2: Yea it's insane the stories they set up. Really it doesn't make any sense at all haha
user2: none of them really do
user1: Thats true, I try to look at the story with a grain of salt.
user1: What did you think of Loki?
user2: Loki is annoying!  Hes always back and forth
user1: For some reason, the actor that plays him just aggravated me.
user2: I like his humor sometimes, but I don't like his character
user2: yes that too he looks like benedict cumberbatch
user1: LOL
user2: which is weird
user2: lmao
user1: He actually does now that you mention it
user1: I will never be able to unsee it now
user2: Did you see him in the latest thor
user1: No I actually never watched any Thor movie, despite me actually liking him in this film.
user2: That movie was also just a lot of jokes just like avengers 
user2: oh yea, it was good action but nothing worth watching 
user1: I think another character I really like was Samuel L Jackson's character
user1: but then again I usually always like his performances.
user2: Just to refer to the document again, I cant believe this got a 92 on rotten tomatoes.
user1: I know, I think the scores are really inflated.
user1: Rotten tomatoes will rate triple-A movies very high.
user2: Right! Actually good movies have a hard time even getting a 90
user2: Sad
user1: Exactly, they gave John Wick like a 6...
user2: :o
user1: It's a shame
user2: Wow I cant trust them anymore!
user1: Me either!
user1: Hey thanks for chatting with me!
user2: I think we can finish the convo now
user2: yep thanks!

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hey dod you see the movie when if cqme ouf?
user1: Hello?

conversation:
user1: hey
user2: Hello there
user1: Thoughts on this movie?
user2: I have actually never seen it, superhero movies are not my thing. You?
user1: Same here. Not a big fan of superhero movies.
user2: The plot does not look too bad though. Have you seen this movie?
user1: No I have not, but it does seem like it might be a good one.
user2: Looks like there is a good mix of characters in this one
user1: Yeah, it does. I may actually be interested in this one.
user2: What looks most interesting to you in this film?
user1: The actors and plot. I think they will do a great job with it. How about you?
user2: I agree. Though I have to admit, I am a little lost on a lot of the descriptions, simply due to not following this form of media...
user1: Same here, and it is because I am not familiar with this genre.
user1: It does have good scores from reviewers, I'm sure this one will be entertaining.
user2: Exactly. However, I would be willing to give it a shot, as you mentioned, because of the reviews
user1: I've found that Rotten Tomatoes is a good source for reviews. If they score it good, it usually is worth seeing.
user2: I trust Rotten Tomatoes, in addition to IMDB
user1: Thats another good one. They are reliable.
user2: Very. Crowdsourced reviews are much more reliable to me than ones from the critics
user1: I agree, they are way more helpful
user2: Looks like more was added to the summary. Aliens are in this movie?
user1: Seems so, thats an interesting twist.
user2: Invading Earth, no less... You are right, definitely an interesting twist
user1: Now I'm even more interested!
user2: In NYC, according to the new part that just showed up. Hulk beats Loki into submission LOL
user2: I want to watch just to see that!
user1: that sounds awesome! I definitely want to see that!
user2: Based on the description, a whole lot happens towards the back end of the film
user2: See what I mean?
user1: yep, it definitely looks that way

conversation:
user2: hey how are you?
user1: Hi there! 
user1: I think iron man is pretty cool, dont you?
user2: yes ist very cool, but  i better ist hulk
user1: I guess all the heroes were important when it came to the world
user1: I think Loki was a pretty cool bad guy, dont you?
user2: you liked the movie?  lokie is very funny
user1: Yes I did. He was funny but mean.
user2: Samuel jackson ist good actor
user1: I agree. So is Scarlett Johansson
user1: Did you think Thor is a good character?
user2: yes is beautiful girl
user1: Do you know what the tesseract is?
user1: macht schnell 
user1: blödes Arschloch
user2: thor is cool guy, the tesseract i cause discord and hard war
user1: Yes critics rated it A+ do you think it is that good?
user2: you imagine that someone like the doctor Ericj selving could open a portal in real life?
user1: Maybe with a magic item like in the movie
user2: total, we agree with the criticism
user1: do you like superhero movies?
user2: yes i liked, and you? marvel o DC?
user1: I like both
user2: what you favorite movie?
user1: I don't know, we should talk about the avengers. I liked how the hulk destroyed the jet, it was exciting, do you agree?
user2: yes agree 
user1: When you saw the movie, did you like the part where the missile blew up the alien ship?
user2: hahaha yes i liked, and the part where fithg thor, The capitan and thor?
user1: Yes, a very good fight, i enjoyed it
user1: I also liked the fight when the hulk beat loki, did you?
user2: and the part  where hulk fithg the big alien?
user1: yes all the fighting scenes were exciting
user1: Robert downey jr is a very good actor to play tony stark, do you agree?
user2: yes agree and it looks a lot like the tony stark real 
user2: the movie have very good efects, do you agree?

conversation:
user1: hello
user1: do you like the avengers?
user2: not especially anymore, It jumped the shark with Black Panther
user1: oh yeah, they are releasing the black panther later this year i think?
user2: but, i suppose this about the 1st Avengers.  Yes, this one was good
user2: So, yes, I thought Avengers from 2012 was really fun.
user1: which avenger is your favorite?
user2: I reckon Captain America, and yours?
user1: iron man, just because i like his style
user2: Thats fair enough.  Captain America, Iron Man, and Thor had an amusing disagreement in the beginning of the movie
user2: Scarlett Johansson, would ya?
user1: would i ?
user2: ahahaha you know, mess?

conversation:
user2: HI
user2: the avengers is superhero movie?
user1: i'm not sure
user1: i actually have not seen The Avengers. What is it about?
user2: Is the sixth film of marvel cinematic universe movie
user1: What is it about?
user2: robert downey as role on iron man
user2: aengers are six super power human being movie
user2: avengers are marvel comics movie
user2: The real hero here is Joss Whedon as director
user2: it is blockbuster movie
user2: If the film is more solid and satisfying than terrific
user2: i watched this movie more than 5 times i am impress very much for this movie graphics
user2: is mark ruffalo as act hulk role?
user2: The Avengers has a knockout climax 30 minutes movie
user2: is the avengers 2012 movie released by walt disney studios motion pictures?
user2: is this movie to protect earth based movie?
user2: howmany technician working in the movie?
user2: howmuch money spend to making this movie?
user2: r u there?
user2: r u there
user2: reply 

conversation:
user1: Hello there! What movie are you reading about today?
user2: Hi, the movie is Marvel's The Avengers (2012)
user1: Oh interesting. I haven't seen that yet. What'
user1: What's it about*?
user2: Well it's based on the comic book series. Basically a team of superheros get together, which include the Hulk, Captain America, Thor and others to stop Thor's brother from taking over the Earth.
user1: That sounds pretty neat so far. Do you think it holds true to the comic book series or is it more of it's own unique story? 
user2: I didn't read the comic book series much, it has pretty much all the same characters though.  It's gotten pretty good reviews... 92% on Rotten Tomatoes and an A+ on CinemaScore
user1: Hmm so it probably does hold true to the series. Are the reviews you mentioned on those websites that of critics or of regular consumers?
user2: I believe the scores for those two sites are made up of mostly regular consumers... The critics score was a bit lower... 69/100 on Metacritic
user1: Still not too shabby. I care more about the consumer reviews anyway. Would you say the movie is more action and adventure or more drama related?
user2: The genre says it's Drama, Superhero... But it definitely has a lot of action though  with all the superheros involved and the plot
user2: Cast includes Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemsworth, and Scarlet Johansson just to name a few
user1: It really sounds like a great movie. Especially with that cast line up. Well thanks for the information about the movie.
user1: I think I have enough to make an informed decision at this point about whether I want to see it. But just in case, is there anything else you want to mention?
user2: You're welcome. It was directed by Joss Whedon if you are familiar with any of his works
user1: I'm not actually, what are some of his more famous works? Do you know?
user2: he's worked on things like Rosanne and Toy Story.. but the Avengers movies are probably what he's most popular for now
user1: Oh okay! I've probably heard the name and forgotten what he was associated with. Has the movie you mentioned won any awards?
user2: I'm not sure.. It doesn't look like it based on the document though.
user1: Seems like it should have haha. How long is the movie by the way?
user2: yeah, probably should have.. these superhero movies get snubbed a lot at the awards shows
user2: It's 143 minutes according to the document
user1: It's a shame too, because re-makes of old stories aren't necessarily all bad. Quite a long movie, but to me that's better than the 90 minute or less films. Have you seen it?
user1: I'm strongly considering doing so
user2: Yes, I saw it. I thought it was a pretty good movie.
user1: So it's probably worth me seeing then. Would you say it's one of your favorites or no?
user2: Yes it was one of the better ones in the series. All the superheros have different personalities, especially Downey's character Iron Man, who is pretty blunt and witty
user2: ...so it was fun to see how they all interacted with one another
user1: It sounds like a really great cast. Are there any iconic scenes in the movie that you distinctly remember? 
user2: When all the Iron Man, Captain America, Hulk, etc basically all the good ones get together and try to save the people of New York city from Loki 

conversation:
user1: Yo yo yo
user2: yo
user1: rdj plays the same role every movie
user2: oh yes, he does
user1: Scarlet looked great
user2: she is hot but i like cobie better
user1: kobe*
user1: jk
user1: You liked the movie?
user2: how about acting, I thought Ruffalo did very well
user2: Movie was kind of ok, served its purpose 
user1: yea he will always be the hulk
user2: did you like the plot? I thought it was barely passable.
user1: i dont think they did a good job
user2: Its like we have these powerful gods from outer space but even they have competition with likes of Chitauri
user2: And what is this Tesseract non-sense
user1: yea not really believable 
user1: loki sucks
user1: tesseract wormhole is ridick
user2: I thought wormhole treatment was kind of okish though
user1: what?
user2: Can;t believe they killed off Coulson
user1: yea that was off track
user2: I liked him in a team of super duper beings
user1: same
user2: Plots of these flicks always comes down to age old formula of "possessed" agents going against the team, nothing new, same old same old
user1: Which side of the avengers would you choose ?
user2: Hulk alwas
user1: ah smart
user2: *always
user1: ironman or thor?
user2: And we were back to New York , kind of a shame that every major movie chooses New York for alien invasion
user1: makes sense to me, more meat per bullet
user2: Why can't they do a Rio de Jenario
user2: Lol
user1: that would be cool
user1: stark should ve died
user2: Stark though in that scene where he takes missile to space finally had some use
user1: cool scene but he wouldve died
user2: Yeah, freefall from space but hi Hulk was there to catch him
user1: thank yoou hulk
user2: Hulk vs Loki was fun

conversation:
user2: Hey!
user1: Hi! Today we'll be discussing the superhero drama "The Avengers"!
user2: A great film!
user1: Highly critically acclaimed by Rotten Tomatoes and Cinemascore! 

conversation:
user1: Hey!
user2: Greetings
user1: see any good movies lately?
user2: So I loved the Avengers movie. How about you?
user2: Looking forward to Black Panther this weekend
user1: i haven't seen it. who's in it?
user2: Chadwick Boseman is playoing black panther. It comes out tonight
user1: oh nice. what genre is it?
user2: Its another superhero movie
user1: so many superhero movies out now a days
user2: Very true
user2: YThis one has good reviews so Im hopeful
user2: And he will be an Avenger also after this
user2: Glad they brought them all together in Avengers
user1: cool, what rating did the movie get?
user2: It is currently at like a 90% on RT
user1: thats really good
user2: Do you like the superhero movies?
user1: sometimes they're fun to get into
user1: whats your favorite superhero movie?
user2: Deadpool
user2: He has been my favorite character since I was a kid
user2: Did you see it?
user1: yeah i thought he was pretty funny
user2: I cannot wait for the sequel
user1: i havent heard about the sequal yet
user2: It comes out in May
user1: sweet
user1: what other genres of movie do you like?
user2: Looking forward to him joining the Marvel movies also
user2: I am a big fan of Horror movies
user2: I will watch even the wqorst horror movie
user1: same, i've spent months watching horror movies
user1: horror tv shows also
user2: Agreed
user1: favorite horror television show?

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: hi
user2: did you like Avgeners?
user1: yeah I thought it was pretty good
user2: Yep better than the next parts which came later
user1: you mean age of ultron? or what?
user2: yes
user2: It was the biggest hit commercially and quite well liked by the critics also, what do you think?
user1: yeah age of ultron was a little... extravagant. I thought it had some good ideas but idk, watching it just felt kind of weird at parts. too much flash, not enough substance.
user2: I really liked the Banner and Black widow part in the first one, how about you?
user1: yeah, it was a side of the hulk that hasn't really shown up before, he's always this raging monster
user2: and frankly idk much about Black widow, but SJ played her part real well
user2: they shud have on her alone
user1: I did think that was odd, everyone else has their own set of solo movies -- iron man, hulk, thor, cpt america, etc
user1: she showed up briefly in one of the iron man movies but that was it
user2: hopefully they all will come together in a good
user1: yeah, the third movie is coming out in a few months
user2: The sarcasm of the character of Tony Stark is just out of this world, he too was quite good.
user2: Even Loki had the real good parts
user1: yeah I love stark. that scene where coulson meets him for the first time and they were talking was great
user2: except for the part he looses
user1: psh, loki doesn't "lose", he's just temporarily delayed
user2: Hope he gets a meatier role in the next ones
user1: is he in infinity war? I haven't looked too much into that
user2: which scene did you like in the first part?
user1: stark was underwater turning on some kind of power thing. he flies up to the tower and he's being all romantic with pepper when coulson shows up with a big folder. and while they're talking, stark's being all rude and pepper's all nice and it was just really funny
user2: i like the one which Tony gives awesome line “DOTH MOTHER KNOW YOU WEARETH HER DRAPES.”
user1: lol yeah
user2: it really cracked me up
user2: even this one “GENIUS, BILLIONAIRE, PLAYBOY, PHILANTHROPIST.”  was good comeback line
user1: oh that sounds familiar, remind me where he says that? someone's asking him something like what have you achieved, right?
user2: yep to the Cap.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hello, today I'd like to talk about the movie The Avengers.
user1: Ok good, what do you think about it?
user2: I think it is a very good movie, it has 92% score on Rotten Tomatoes. Do you like superhero movies?
user1: I do enjoy most superhero movies.  Some are too silly for me though.  
user1: Are you still there?
user2: That is true, some are over the top. I have been a fan of most Marvel movies, and Joss Whedon productions in general, I think he did a great job directing this one.
user1: I am a Robert Downey fan anyway, so Avengers was fun to watch.
user2: Yes he has really turned his career around with the Iron Man role. I liked his scene at the end when he went through the portal.
user1: He didn't do much in that scene except pass out.  lol
user2: Well that is true, but it also laid the foundation for his actions in later movies in regards to protecting Earth, so I thought it was a good way to explain his motivation.
user1: True enough I suppose.
user2: I am a big fan of Samuel L. Jackson as Nick Fury, and I was happy to see him finally get a decent amount of screen time in this one. Do you like Jackson in this role?
user1: I like Jackson in almost every movie he has been in. 
user2: Yeah he's a legend basically. Here is the real question, how do you feel about Agent Phil Coulson? Because people seem to love him or hate him.
user1: I liked him in the movie. I wasn't broken up when he died though.  I liked him but he wasn't especially my favorite.
user2: Yeah I was not pleased when he died, I thought there was a lot more he could do. Lots of people are huge Loki fans even though he has played the villain role often, how do you feel about him?
user1: I think he is very cute.  
user2: Haha I've heard that one a lot too. It took me multiple viewings to realize he was actively using the scepter to break apart the team by making them behave in a more irrational way.
user1: I have only watched it all the way through once, although I haven't been trying to avoid it.  
user2: Yeah I'm a huge Marvel fan so I've seen them all multiple times. One thing I don't like about this movie is Captain America's suit, its a little too bright and spangly for me lol.
user1: He was a little whiny anyway.   lol
user2: He needed some screen time to round out as a character anyway. I also didn't like how Hawkeye was basically a bad guy for half the movie.
user1: Bad Loki, turning Hawkeye bad.  
user2: It was hilarious when the Hulk picked up Loki and smashed him into the floor, he really had that one coming.
user1: You are right, that was hysterical, one of my favorite parts of the movie. 
user2: Yeah I liked everything after they get off the helicarrier, it was basically nonstop action at that point.
user1: So I am guessing that overall we agree that we both enjoyed the movie very much.  Out of all the Hulks, I think Mark Ruffalo has been the best of them.
user2: Haha that is correct. Yeah I think he did the best at portraying Banner and the Hulk in their symbiotic relationship, because that one hasn't ever been pulled off well until this movie in my opinion.
user1: Do you think they will ever make a Hulk movie?
user2: I'm not sure since they have a lot of other movies they may be more interested in making. But it is a possibility some day. Thanks for the nice conversation.

conversation:
user1: hi
user1: what movie should i be watching?
user2: hi
user2: The Avengers
user1: ohh which one?
user1: like the newest one? or the orgainl?
user2: yes
user1: Whats it about/
user2: The movie Rating are good
user1: What kind of rating are pople giving it?
user2: 92% rating
user1: ooh that is good
user1: is it safe to show kids?
user2: The  joss whedon is good Director
user1: Who stars in it?
user2: Tony
user1: tony who?
user1: what actors are in it?
user2: Super hero of this movie
user1: WHo plays him?
user2: Tony and iron man
user1: ha i dont think you understand
user1: i want to know who the  actor is
user2: Robert Downey
user1: poh ok
user1: i will see it
user2: you like the actor
user1: thanks for the informaiton
user1: what did you like about the film?
user2: ok
user2: yes
user2: i like very much
user2: The iron man is too good
user1: should i see iron man too?
user2: yes
user1: cook i will do that then
user2: And how feel the moive
user1: i feel like these are great choices
user1: i will see both

conversation:
user1: What is the name of the movie?
user2: HI! the name of this movie is the avengers
user2: So i don't know if you are a superhero fan but this movie has iron man, captain ameirca, thor hulk, black widow to name a few
user1: Have you seen this movie before??
user1: OH Exciting
user2: Yes I have seen it and its very entertaining, there is a lot of different peronalities in the superheros so its really funny and action packed
user2: Loki thor's brother is the villian and so there is a lot of bantor
user1: Ah, Does it end well??
user2: wellll you have to watch it and see!
user2: you know it has to be good cause it has a rotten toato score of 92%
user1: Oh thats pretty helpful!
user1: Who is your favorite character
user2: i love loki, he has a really interesting story line because he wants to use the tesseract  (a powerful object) to enslave people
user2: while the avengers fight him
user1: Oh wow! What are his powers??
user2: he is asgardian, a extraterrestrial planet so he basically is an alien/demigod 
user2: specific powers you have to see the movie or else i would spoil it 
user2: do you like superhero movies?
user1: Haha well thank you! Thats pretty cool. 
user1: I do like superhero movies, but I havent seen any of the recent ones!
user1: There are many avengers movies yes?
user2: i think this is a great one to watch because even if you haven't seen any of the origin movies this is the first one where they all come together
user2: yes there are two, this is the first and the third one will come out soon
user1: OH exciting, I better watch this one before the new one comes out!
user1: These are the Marvel superheros right?
user2: yes they are all marvel superheros
user1: Awesome! I heard these movies are by the same people that do the new Star Wars movies so I think they have to be pretty good
user2: oh yea i think they are!
user2: they have plenty of action and its set in new york mostly so some things are really familiar
user2: there is a huge fight scene involving new york and, wormholes and plenty of aliens 
user1: Oh I didnt know they were set in New York! That definitely makes it cooler
user1: Dang I like that there are aliens involved
user2: yea so maybe you will like that since you like star wars 
user1: Are any of the superheros like the main character or are they all pretty important??
user2: i would say like 3/4 are the main main but the other ones are important too
user2: i'm sure you will have a favorite by the end
user1: OK awesome!  I think I'll have to watch!
