wiki document:
cast:
Hugh Jackman as Charlie Kenton
Dakota Goyo as Max Kenton
Evangeline Lilly as Bailey Tallet
Anthony Mackie as Finn
Olga Fonda as Farra Lemkova

critical response:
Real Steel is a real movie. It has characters, it matters who they are, it makes sense of its action, it has a compelling plot. Sometimes you go into a movie with low expectations and are pleasantly surprised.
makes good use of his specialized skill in blending people and computer-made imaginary things into one lively, emotionally satisfying story
Though the premise of fighting robots does seem a plausible and intriguing extension of the contemporary WWE world, Real Steel is hampered by leaden, cliche d moments in which a stubborn boy teaches his childish father a valuable lesson.
Rocky with robots? It's not quite in Balboa's weight class, but Real Steel at least has some heft. There's barely a story beat among the beat-downs that you won't expect, and sometimes the saccharine gets in the way of the spectacle, but on the whole this is enjoyable family entertainment.

director:
Shawn Levy

genre:
Science, Sports

introduction:
Real Steel is a 2011 American science fiction sports film starring Hugh Jackman and Dakota Goyo and co-produced and directed by Shawn Levy for DreamWorks Pictures. The film is based on the short story "Steel", written by Richard Matheson, which was originally published in the May 1956 edition of The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction, and later adapted into a 1963 Twilight Zone episode. Real Steel was in development for several years before production began on June 24, 2010. Filming took place primarily in the U.S. state of Michigan. Animatronic robots were built for the film, and motion capture technology was used to depict the brawling of computer-generated robots and animatronics.

movie name:
Real Steel

rating:
Rotten Tomatoes: 59% and average: 5.9/10
Metacritic Score: 56/100
CinemaScore: A

year:
2011

description:
In 2020, human boxers are replaced by robots. Charlie Kenton (Hugh Jackman), a former boxer, owns 'Ambush', but loses it in a fight against a bull belonging to promoter and carnival owner Ricky (Kevin Durand), who rigged the fight to mess with Charlie as he sees him as a joke, partially because he beat him up the last time they competed for bailing on the bet. Having made a bet that Ambush would win as a result, Charlie now has a debt to Ricky that he can't pay which he runs out on. 
At Max's behest, Charlie pits Atom against 'Metro', whom Atom overcomes. Max programs Noisy Boy's vocal-respond controls in Atom, and convinces Charlie to help him with Atom's fighting move memory, resulting in a series of victories and culminating to being offered a fight in World Robot Boxing against national champion 'Twin Cities'. After reaching the arena, the owner of global champion 'Zeus' offers to buy Atom, which Max instantly rejects. Charlie disagrees, but eventually takes Max's side. The fight starts with Atom on the attack, but Twin Cities easily takes the offensive and corners Atom. While their opponent has no blind spot, Charlie notices a hitch whenever Twin Cities throws a right jab. Using this, Charlie is able to get Atom out of the corner and eventually win by knockout. Elated by their success, Max challenges Zeus, publicly, with the audience squarely on their side. After the fight, Ricky and his two henchmen ambush Charlie for bailing earlier and rob them of their winnings, prompting Charlie to return Max to Debra. 
Zeus starts the fight by knocking Atom down with its first punch, but Atom gets up, and Zeus continues its assault, knocking Atom down multiple times, but each time Atom gets back up, and eventually is able to land its first punch, a right uppercut. Atom survives the first round, stunning the audience. Ricky, who had made a bet with a friend of Charlie's of $100,000 that Atom would not last the round, tries to slip away, but is cornered by the fight's bookmakers. The two opponents go back and forth throughout the fight, Atom landing multiple punches but also getting knocked down many times, getting back up for each of them. Late in the fourth round, Atom's vocal-respond controls are damaged, forcing Charlie to use its 'shadow function' to make it mimic his boxing skills. This, and the fact that Zeus starts running out of power from its constant offense, tip the odds in Atom's favor, forcing Zeus' programmer to manually control it, and Max and Bailey both watch Charlie doing what he was meant to do, and are touched by seeing him literally fighting for his son. Zeus gets a sound beating, once even hitting the ground and barely avoiding losing by knockout, but survives the final round and wins the match by the judges' decision. The technologically superior machine remains undefeated, but with the humiliation of being fought to a near-loss, to which Atom is hailed the 'People's Champion'. 

conversation:
user2: Hello. Do you like movies?
user1: Yes, but ones based on old toys are werid
user2: This one is called Real Steel and I trying to remember if I've watched it.
user1: I haven't, no interest in it
user1: I agree with the reviewer stating it's Rocky with robots
user1: I also think it's a little bit inspired by rock em sock em robots, an old toy
user2: Okay. I do remember watching it, because I saw that Hugh Jackman was in it. 
user2: Sometimes I'll watch these if they keep my interest. I think I only watched it because of him.
user1: He is a good actor Nice to see him as someone other than Logan once in a while, lol
user2: Yea, I like thrillers or drama, who-dun-it kind of movies.
user1: This is more of an action film with robots
user2: Rotten tomatoes gives it 59 percent. I guess that means they say it's an ok kind of move. I remember the boxing robots though.
user1: The deal where the winner gets the loser's robot seems a bit extreme
user2: Lol. I see the movie was filmed totally in Michigan. Good for them. Tax credits. 
user1: Yeah, that was nice while it lasted. Seems to have dried up though
user2: I live in Ohio and I hear about those "credits" for movies being made here. Normally I'd watch Hugh Jackman in other movies.
user1: He's a decent actor. 
user2: Didn't realize this movie was that old - 2011, time goes quick. I don't recognize the other actors.
user1: Neither do i
user1: This reads like a standard boxing movie... but with robots
user2: Do you like boxing as a sport?
user1: Nah
user1: I don't like most sports though
user2: I'm reading through here looking for interesting facts about the movie. It says the film's based on a short story called "Steel" which was orginally published in 1956, later adapted into a Twilight Zone episode in 1963. Now that's interesting. The old Twilight Zone shows frightened me. lol
user1: I love old Twilight Zone but don't recall the one this is based on
user2: True. Weird, but even today some of the episodes spooked me.  It says the Metacritic Score 56/100. Who's Metacritic? 
user1: I think they're another review aggregate site?
user1: I watch the Twilight Zone mrathons on Syfy all the time
user2: If I watch them, it's only in daytime. I'm such a wimp. lol. I'm not familiar with director either - Shawn Levy
user1: Doesn't ring any bells for me either
user2: Genre is Science, Sports, yep that's true.

conversation:
user1: This movie is awesome!
user2: What was the title of the movie?
user1: Real Steel
user2: Oh, who's in it?
user2: Sounds like an action movie.
user1: Hugh Jackman 
user2: I love Hugh Jackman!!
user2: What year was it released?
user1: 2011
user2: Is it an action or drama?
user1: its an action movie
user2: I thought so, sounds interesting.
user2: What score did Rotten Tomatoes give?
user1: 59%
user2: That's pretty low...but I don't always agree with critics...
user1: People seemed to like it
user2: Who directed the movie?
user1: Shawn Levy
user2: Anything else you can tell me about the movie?
user1: its like rocky but with robots
user2: Is Hugh Jackman a robot?
user2: Or does he play a human?
user2: You think it's a good movie to watch with kids? 
user1: he is a human
user1: yeah i do
user2: I couldn't imagine Hugh Jackman as a robot...lol
user2: Who else is in the movie?
user1: Dakota Goyo
user2: I don't think I know who that is...
user1: yeah
user2: Not a romantic date movie then...
user1: I wouldnt say so

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: hey!
user2: Have you seen "Real steel"?
user2: A 2011 movie
user1: not yet, am intrested to watch..
user1: if am able to get some details..
user2: Ok, let me run you through the cast
user1: ok...
user2: It stars the following people, Hugh Jackman, Evangeline Lilly, Olga Fonda among others
user2: It is more of Science/Sport movie
user1: oh....ok
user1: by hearing thecast, it looks 
user1: intresting...
user2: It is based on the story "steel" written by Richard Matheson
user1: basically what kind of movie it is
user2: and it was directed by Shawn Levy
user1: oh....k
user2: sports genre
user1: i heard it is a robotic movie...i sit so?
user2: kind of
user1: ok... wht are the good in this movie
user2: Human boxers were being replaced by robots in the year 2020
user1: ok...so is interaction between robos will be shown..or how it is?
user2: you know what entails in some sports, a fight was rigged 
user2: this made charlie go into debt which could not pay
user1: ok...will he be able to manage to pay his debt at the edn?
user1: end?
user2: the movie makes use of skills in blending people and computer made imaginary things into a lively story
user1: quite intresting... 
user2: nope he is indebted and that's it
user1: oh....k
user2: the movie has cinescore of A
user2: but metacritic is kinda low at 56/100
user1: ok...i heard twin cities also showed in this movie
user2: and rotten tomatoes gave it a 59%
user1: ok...
user2: I would recommend you go see it anytime you are free
user1: thanks for the info..
user2: it is totally fiction though
user2: catch you later dear friend

conversation:
user2: Hey there
user1: Hi there!
user2: Did you watch real steel
user1: No, I didn't.  What's it about?
user2: It’s about a world filled with giant creatures
user2: Amd humans have developed tech to fight it
user2: No wait
user2: Thats another movie lol
user1: lol  So what's Real Steel about?
user2: Real steel is basically a UCL but with robots 
user2: People build their own robos and make them compete 
user1: That sounds neat.  What is UCL?  I'm unfamiliar with that term.
user2: Heard about WWE?
user1: Like... wrestling?
user2: Yes 
user2: Wrestling.exactly
user1: Oh, gotcha.  So it's like a robot wrestling battle.  Wicked!
user1: Also, are there any big name actors in the movie?
user2: Hugh jackman
user1: Wasn't he Wolverine in the X-Men movies?
user2: Yeah
user1: Nice, I liked him in those.  Are there any other big name actors besides Hugh Jackman?
user2: No
user1: Are there good special effects in it?
user2: Yess
user2: The CGI is amazing 
user1: Awesome.  So it's probably a futuristic type of movie, right?
user1: I mean, we don't really have WWE for robots in 2018.  lol
user2: There is a smaller version of it
user1: A smaller version?
user2: I’m not really sure about the name 
user2: Of robo wars
user1: Oh, okay.  I don't know either.  Would you recommend Real Steel to friends?
user2: There is a poor boy who finds scrap robot

conversation:
user1: Hi! I've really enjoyed the movie "Real Steel" It was a great movie that was full of adventure!
user2: I've seen this one before
user2: seems kinda like a typical family-action film with some scifi elements
user2: was kinda cool tho
user1: Yes it is sort of the family type of film. But I got very much into the characters especially Hugh Jackman's.
user2: was interesting to see Hugh play a more domestic role 
user2: normally he's always a loner fighter type
user1: Yes but he played it well and was able to pull it off.
user2: yeah he played the struggle of the character well
user1: I always find it interesting to see what sort of demands actors can get into. I think he fit in with everyone else really well.
user2: yeah the unusual mix of actors led to a coherent mixture 
user1: That's definitley true.
user1: I enjoyed seeing all of the different robot fighters in the movie s well.
user2: the new paragraph loaded reminds me of how interesting the factor that these robots were an everyday thing in the movie's world
user2: like he's just a lower-class dude but he owns a fighting robot
user1: Yeah seeing the draw of their world and how these robots are just sort of common was something that I really liked as well.
user1: I thought about what it would be like to really live in that world
user2: also interesting how it brings up the point that improved technology doesn't make all problems go away
user2: this guy still is in debt and so on
user1: Yes no matter what we have basic life issues will never really change. They'll just come about in a new way.
user2: that was a pretty good scene (the new paragraph)
user2: kind of hinted at things remaining worse for the guy/son but eventually they fought their way back
user2: cool to see the human spirit reflected in robots
user1: Oh yeah lol I remember that...
user1: It's just the classic underdog story told in a somewhat different way. There will always be trials and triumphs
user1: As long as humans are around we'll never really intrinsically change.
user2: yeah the robots don't change the human life, they just augment it
user2: nothing intrinsic is lost
user1: Right. I suppose in many ways we were really supposed to see the robots as humans - more so than the actual humans. That's a really interesting concept, I think.
user2: kinda reminds me of virtual reality
user2: humanity lives on but through the robots
user2: even though the robots are doing the action their action is still fully human
user1: Yeah that's very true. I would love it if someday we could really have virtual reality like that. It would be so much fun to be able to really feel like you're a super hero!
user2: yeah, you'd have the thrill of a suernatural existence without losing your humanity
user2: i think that's a nice message the film has
user1: Right that is very true. We're all interconnected in this world somehow. Even if some people do have more than others.

conversation:
user1: Hey, what's the movie name?
user2: hello
user2: I am reading the document, lets see, ok REAL STEEL
user2: HAve you seen it?
user1: Oh I remember that, I haven't seen it but it's about fighting robots.
user1: Did it get good reviews?
user2: Interesting, in this write up, it does not mention robots until the last sentence
user2: Do you remember who starred in the movie?
user1: The wolverine actor. Can't remember his name.
user2: Hugh Jackman
user1: Yeah, that's it!
user2: Also stars Dakota Goyo, but I do not know her at all (assuming iy is a woman)
user1: You never know these days with names but I'd guess you are right!
user1: That was probably Hugh's love interest in the movie.
user2: Maybe not, the role is "Max'
user1: I think that is Hugh's kid in the movie. 
user1: so I guess we were wrong
user1: Do you know how long it is? I'm not that interested in super long movies anymore.
user2: also stars Evangeline Lilly (woman for sure"
user1: Yeah, that must be the love interest.
user2: Did you like the movie
user2: The plot makes it seem like WWE
user1: I haven't seen it. It looked ok in the previews though.
user1: how so?
user2: Fighting Robots
user1: From what I remember, this is in the future so instead of humans fighting, robots fight.
user1: and I guess Hugh used to be good at robot fighting but then they had some problems and they weren't good anymore.
user1: But then they find a better robot and are good again.
user1: seemed like a simplistic popcorn movie from the previews
user2: I guess not WWE, but boxing, less humans, just robots
user1: yeah
user2: Honestly it seems dumb, orobably why I did not see it
user1: probably made my disney too, so it could be a kiddy movie
user2: does not sound kiddy
user1: I don't think it was a mature movie though, it was marketed towards kids (teens)
user1: not little kids
user1: like the kind of movie you'd take a 14 year old to
user2: In fact now that I read this, it sounds like one of the movies that is so stupid it might be "stupid enjoyable"
user1: Yeah, it definitely sounds like that.
user1: probably a feel good movie where they conquer all
user1: Does it say what kind of problems they have in that document?
user1: like what the main plot is about
user2: This also sounds like that , I think, Brad pitt movie about underground fight venues
user1: yeah except nobody is crazy like the brad pitt character
user2: Illegal, mush be done out of the view of the law
user1: I don't think it was illegal
user1: maybe though
user1: I remember there were crowds of people cheering them on
user1: like it was an athletic specacle 
user2: the write up says Now working as a small-time promoter, Charlie pieces together scrap metal into low-end fighters, barely earning enough to make it from one underground venue to the next. 
user1: yup that's the struggle
user1: then they find an amazing robot and get their revenge
user2: so he starts out as illegal, then moves up in the world
user1: makes sense
user1: do you know if the robots have an intelligence?
user2: Rotten Tomatos 59% rating
user1: who cares about rotten tomatoes, their reviews are worthless
user2: Says it was made by Dream Works, is that adisney company?
user1: look up your fav movies on that site and I guarantee you'll be disappointed by the low scores. 
user1: no I think they compete with disney
user1: they make similar animated movies
user2: It seems Disney buys up everyone
user1: yeah, they are a giant company. 
user2: gives another rating of 56% (Metric score) ???
user1: that is probably a rating at a different site
user1: I've done this before and usually they provide 3 rating systems
user1: rottoen tomatoes, something else then a cine something rating
user2: Also stars Olga Fonda, is she related to Jane Fonda/Henry Fonda?
user1: I have no idea
user2: Yes a CinemaScore:A
user1: they always have suspiciously high ratings
user2: seems like Olga was born in Russia, so no, much better looking than Henry or Jane
user1: lol
user1: I think we're done now, thanks for the chat!
user2: ok
user1: bye

conversation:
user2: Hi!
user2: Have you seen Real Steel?
user1: No, haven't seen it. Have you?
user2: No i haven't 
user2: It's a sci-fi movie and i don't typically watch those
user1: Not sure it's that good. It has a score of 59% on Rotten Tomatoes.
user2: That's what I was thinking also
user1: Actually, I kind of like sci-fi, but I'm picky.
user2: Yes I can agree with that it depends for me
user1: This one sounds more like an action flick in a sci-fi setting.
user2: ah that would make sense 
user2: it also has sports?
user2: I thought more sci-fi because it was also a twilight zone episode
user1: But the "Rocky with Robots" line makes me doubt that I would like it.
user2: I didnt catch that but I'm with you 
user2: I've never seen any Rocky's either
user1: And I didn't know it was a Twilight Zone episode.
user1: Ha! Me neither. Haven't seen the Rocky movies.
user2: That's kind of odd to me i feel like most everyone has seen them 
user1: The premise of this one is not so stupid though. Robot boxers. I feel it could become real at some point.
user1: Rocky? Yeah I know, it was such a big movie.
user1: But Stallone has never done anything for me.
user2: No kidding I don't like any movies of his
user1: This Real Steel movie has Hugh Jackman in it. He's not bad.
user2: But I don't mind Hugh Jackman
user2: Haha we're thinking the same thing
user1: Exactly. He looks like he has quite a few more IQ points than Sylvester.
user2: And he's better looking haha
user1: Not difficult :-)
user1: We're losing track of Real Steel though 
user2: It sounds as though this is pretty predictable as well and I like movies that I can't guess the end
user1: The whole Real Steel story seems like a series of machinations of bad guys against good guys, without much else.
user1: Same here. This one sounds like it's been written by committee.
user2: Right I do like that it's a a family movie- I don't have kids but I feel like it would be ok for my nephew
user1: I really don't think it's my type of movie.
user2: Me either but sometimes it's about the kids and a little boy would like the robots and battles
user1: Yeah, maybe it's OK for kids. They like the predictable storylines.
user2: well not "little" but grade school
user1: Still... the good guys against bad guys works well at that age.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user1: I am interested to learn about the movie that you have read about
user1: What is the genre?
user2: Hi the movie is Real steel starring hugh jackman and Dakota Goyo, have you seen it before?
user1: No, I have not seen it.
user1: Is it an action movie?

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hi 
user1: have you watched the movie?
user2: When it first came out. It has been a while 
user2: did you see it? 
user1: same for me
user1: it has been a while
user1: did you like it
user2: I thought it was a really cool concept for a movie. My kids loved it. 
user2: Did you like it? 
user1: yeah, it was ok at the time
user1: what do you think of that last bullet point?
user1: Rokie with robots?
user2: lol, I found that funny, Rocky with robots 
user2: I would not have compared this to a classic like Rocky 
user1: yeah me too, I think it is funny
user1: i know
user1: but the movie does feel like that
user1: the other bullet point says, it better a cliche
user2: I can see some thing mixing. the human strugle 
user1: now I rember it better where hugh jackman fights the bull in the beginning 
user2: the next to last bullet point is funny, "Though the premise of fighting robots does seem a plausible and intriguing extension of the contemporary WWE world. reminds of Robots VS wrestlers in How I Met Your Mother  episdoes 
user1: probably that was funny
user2: That was funny fight, watching a robot fight a bull 
user1: yeah that is funny
user2: I thought the robot would win, lol 
user1: the bull was the real rocky
user2: lol
user2: yes he was 
user2: I did also like the little robot knocking out the big zeus 
user1: yeah, it had too
user1: it has such a bad rating though
user1: 59%
user2: I was looking at that. the other is a 56 out of a 100
user1: probably it is those expert reviews cause the last one it gives an A
user1: cinemaScore
user2: guess it depends on the person, the mood they are in when they watch it. I liked the experts better 
user2: the experts liked it, lol 
user1: nice talking to you
user1: bye
user2: same, nice talking to you as well 
user2: later 

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: Hi
user1: What is the title of this movie?
user2: real steel
user1: What's the plot?
user2: U.S
user1: Is it about the country's history?
user2: no
user1: what's it about\
user1: what is the movie about
user1: are you still in the chat room
user2: yes 
user1: are you going to answer any of these questions, what is the movie about\
user2: the movie is based on a short story "steel" written by Richard Matheson
user1: so is it about the history of steel
user2: yes its about the story of steel published in may, 1958
user1: is it a documentary type of show
user2: no an adventurous movie
user2: of steeel
user1: who are the actors in it
user1: where is the story based
user2: 1. Huge Jackman as Charlie Kenton,Dakata
user2: the story is based in the U.S.A
user1: is there violence in it
user2: YES
user1: is it related to gangs and unions fighting each other
user2: YES
user1: what time period is the movie set in
user2: 2020
user1: who produced the movie
user2: SHAWN LEVY

conversation:
user1: Hi, what is the name of the movie?
user2: Hi there!
user2: The movie is Real Steel
user2: have you heard of it?
user1: Ok great, I have not but am interested in watching it.
user1: what type of movie is it a drama?
user2: It's a 2011 sci-fi film starring Hugh Jackman and Dakota Goyo
user1: oh i know those actors
user2: i
user1: and sci fi genre is exciting 
user2:  not sure about Dakota but of course I know Hugh Jackman
user2: and Evangeline Lily
user1: what is the plot about in the movie?
user2: so it's based on the short story Stee;
user2: Steel*
user1: oh thats interesting
user2: that was published in a 1956 edition of The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction
user1: what is the movie rated R or pg-13?
user2: it was even later adapted into a Twilight episode
user1: wow it sounds really cool
user2: not sure about the rating
user2: will double check
user1: did it get good critical reviews?
user1: ok
user2: so essentially, the premise of the movie is that human boxers are replaced by robots
user2: the reviews seem to be quite mixed, quite honestly
user1: ok sometimes audiences like the movie more then critics
user2: Rotten Tomatoes give it 59/100
user1: But it sounds very interesting to me
user2: and Metacritic 5.9/10
user1: eh im not put off by bad ratings since the plot intrigues me 
user2: exactly!
user2: my sentiments too
user1: is there anything else i need to know about the film?
user2: so one critic referred to it as Rocky with robots
user2: there are apparently some cheesy themes
user1: lol thats funny
user2: like young boy teaching his father some valuable lesson, blah blah
user1: it seems like it would be fun to watch and not take to seriously 
user1: like a B grade movie
user2: but apart from the cliched moments, it does seem to be a fun movie
user2: I agree completely
user2: maybe even a B+
user1: ok sounds great
user1: should we end our conversation
user2: apparently animatronic robots were built for the film! 
user1: wow so they were at least really serious about the film 
user2: sorry! one sec, so excited to realize that motion picture technology was used for the brawling between the robots! 
user2: ha ha
user1: haha thats amazing
user2: yes. ok. I seriously think we should see the movie! 
user2: it looks good despite the shaky reviews! 
user1: yea it sounds good im planning on watching it now
user2: excellent. Should we finish the conversation now?

conversation:
user1: Hello. 
user2: hello
user2: have you seen the movie?
user1: not yet thinking about it this weekend. 
user2: ok
user1: How did you like it? 
user2: i think it is interesting story
user2: have you ever heard the story?
user1: No not at all. I was very intrigued by the trailer though, 
user2: me too.
user2: shawm levy is the director of this film?
user1: Havent payed much attention to the crew just the actors. 
user2: di you know that before?
user2: ok
user1: Who was the main star/ character again? 
user2: hugh jackman
user2: this movie is based on science and sports.
user1: Thats right. 
user1: I loved the fact they kind of stole the idea from an old "board" game 
user2: oh 
user2: but i did not know about it.
user1: thats what I gathered from the trailer anyways. 
user2: i have not seen the trailer though
user2: actually i like indian movie,,,so i know more about them.
user1: Right. 
user1: what did you think about the story line? 
user2: it is very interesting,,i like science based movies
user1: My favorite type of movie is sci-fi plus anything with hugh jackman is always good. 
user2: yes he is always good.
user1: Did you like his character in this movie better than in X-men or no? 
user2: i think he is equal to x-men.
user1: Oh fun. I cant wait to see it 
user2: yeah
user1: Will check it out soon. 

conversation:
user2: Hii...
user1: Hello
user1: What movie do you want to talk about?
user2: how are you??
user2: The one that appears in the document
user1: What do you know about Real Steel?
user2: Not much, I have not seen it
user1: Looks like it was produced in 2011. I see that Hugh Jackman appears in it as a character named Charlie Kenton. 
user1: It received a 5.9/10 on Rotten Tomatoes
user1: Are you still there?
user2: yes
user2: according to the critics it was not so good
user2: although Hugh is one of my favorite actors
user1: You should watch it. It's an American science fiction sports film. 
user2: who is the director??
user1: Shawn Levy
user1: It's based on the short story Steel which was published in 1956
user2: Shawn Levy often makes good movies
user2: that's a book?
user1: Yep it's a book
user1: It looks like the movie is about human boxers who are replaced by robots. Seems rather intriguing to me. 
user2: I think I know what it is but I'm not sure if I read it
user2: hey you hear interesting
user1: Another actor in it is Dakota Goyo who plays Max Kenton
user1: It looks like there is a fight between a father and his son in the movie. 
user2: although it has not very good rating the movie has good cast
user1: Yes I believe so
user1: It looks like there's a lot of fighting between humans and robots in this movie. 
user2: And what else has this story?
user2: but not much spoiler hehehehe
user1: Lol....a key scene is a fight between Zeus and Atom
user1: There's a superior machine that remains undefeated but almost lost to a human named Atom. Atom is hailed as the "People's Champion".
user1: Alright I think we're good now and can finish the conversation. It was nice talking with you. 
user2: also my friend, thank you very much for this review...

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: hey how are you doing today?
user1: can't complain too much, how about you?
user1: so whats the movie?
user2: Real Steel starring Hugh Jackman
user2: Came out in 2011 and its a combo of science fiction and sports movies
user1: he is a good actor, plays a wide range of roles.  Real Steel sounds more like an action movie so thats surprising.
user1: sci-fi and sports, so is it in the future?
user1: what sport is the movie about?
user2: It takes place in the year 2020 and its about boxing between robots. The premise being that in 2020 robots take over for humans in most sports
user2: Actually just boxing I misread
user1: didn't think boxing was that interesting to begin with
user1: do people control the robots or are they like self aware robots that just like to box?
user2: They're actually self-aware robots trained by their owners 
user2: The main robot in the movie is trained/owned by Jackman who is a former boxer himself 
user1: so its mostly about him training a robot to be a boxer, im guessing like a come back story to reclaim his former glory or something, who is the director? 
user1: those michael bay films are always all action and explosions but are hit or miss on the actual story 
user2: Exactly and the director is shawn levy 
user1: can't think i have seen any of his work
user1: who else is in the movie?
user2: Hugh Jackman as Charlie Kenton● Dakota Goyo as Max Kenton● Evangeline Lilly as Bailey Tallet● Anthony Mackie as Finn● Olga Fonda as Farra Lemkova
user2: Hugh Jackman was the only one I recognized to be honest 
user1: yeah i don't recognize any of those others
user1: i like hugh jackman's work but he is always good when he has good actors with him, don't see him as carrying a movie solo
user1: is it just boxing or does it talk about anything else going on, doesn't sound like there would be a side romance story
user1: but a sci-fi boxing movie set in the near future sounds like a flop without anything else to carry the movie
user2: looks like theres no love story lol
user1: well crap
user1: lol
user1: any idea which studio released it? 
user2: somehow brought in 300 million in the box office despite not so good reviews and dreamworks 
user1: dreamworks usually doesn't do too bad work, i like most of there stuff so maybe.  
user1: um...so any idea who did the music for it?
user2: Seems like your typical underdog story, one of the critics called it rocky with robots and the music was done by danny elfman 
user1: was hoping for john williams but guess no luck
user1: if its on netflix one of these days then ill check it out
user2: It doesnt seem too bad, the metacritic average was 56 and rotten tomatoes gives it an average of 5.9. Not the best, but still experienced major success 

conversation:
user2: hii
user1: hello! Have you seen Real Steel?
user2: No, my friend
user1: Well, it's a Science/Sports movie directed by Shawn Levy
user2: How about the cast?
user1: It's got Hugh Jackman, and Evangeline Lily 
user2: is very good cast, what about the criticism?
user1: It's based on a short story called, "Steel," that was written in 1956.
user1: It's got some so so reviews. A lot of people gave it average scores.
user1: Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 59%, Metacritic gave it a 56/100, and CinemaScore gave it an A actually.
user1: Hello?
user2: ohhh great
user2: I think I should have better reviews, for the cast that you have, what do you think?
user1: Yeah, so it's an interesting plot, it's boxers replaced with robots 
user1: Yeah, the reviews were mixed, but sometimes that happens. 
user2: and what does the movie base a little? , but without much spoiler hehehehe
user1: Well like I said, instead of people as boxers, it's robots. Hugh Jackman's character is a former boxer 
user2: Hugh fight against robots ??
user1: No he doesn't fight robots, robots replaced the human boxers. 
user2: He runs a robot ??
user1: Yes. He ultimately gets the robot to win a lot of fights because he in debt to another past boxer
user2: ohh great, it's like Rocky but with robots hehehe
user1: He has an old nemesis, Ricky who beat him in a few boxing matches and so Hugh Jackman's character is trying to get his robot to be a better fighter
user2: The story sounds interesting ... does Hugh get it?
user1: Yeah, his robot called "Atom," is a really good fighter. 
user2: and personally recommend me to watch this movie with my whole family .... ??
user1: I think it's family friendly enough, I believe it is rated PG 13
user2: ok Ok ... it is a very important fact
user2: From 1 to 10, what score would you give?
user1: Yeah with the whole Robots thing I think a lot of younger boys would like it. 
user1: I'd give it a 6 out off 10 

conversation:
user2: Hi
user2: What movie will we talk about 
user1: We'll be talking about Real Steel, starring Hugh Jackman and Evangeline Lilly.
user2: Interesting 
user2: What year did it come our
user2: Out
user1: This film came out in 2011.
user2: Great actors
user1: It is based on a book written by Richard Matheson.
user2: What about rotten tomatoes rating?
user1: The same story was adapted into a Twilight Zone episode in 1963.
user2: Cool
user1: It is a futuristic story that could be termed, "Rocky with robots."
user2: That sounds interesting. Can you tell me if the ratings are good
user1: It takes place in the year 2020, where robots have replaced boxers in sport.
user2: I'm particularly interested in rotten tomatoes. I always check it before watching a movie 
user1: The ratings are only average, with a Rotten Tomatoes score of 59% and a Metacritic score of 56/100.
user2: Have you watch it? Would you say this movie deserves better ratings ?
user1: This film is categorized as Science Fiction and Sports.
user1: I have seen this film and would rate it slightly higher.
user2: I love sci fi movies
user2: Who is the director 
user1: The main robot in the film is named "Atom."
user1: This film was directed by Shawn Levy for Dreamworks pictures.
user2: Nice name for a robot
user2: I think I'll watch this movie. 
user1: Atom fights his way through the ranks before ultimately battling a seasoned robot fighter named Zeus.
user1: Atom becomes known as the "People's Champion."
user2: Sounds really interesting 
user2: Do critics say it's a good movie?
user1: The quotes from critics that I have seen have been favorable.
user1: High Jackman's character is named Charlie, and throughout the film, he cultivates a relationship with his son, Max.  

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: hello, have you seen the movie Real Steel with Hugh Jackman?
user2: no i have not
user1: Oh, well you totally should; it is an exciting sports-related, yet touching father-son relationship story at the same time
user2: ok lay it on me the plot
user2: or the actors
user1: Essentially Hugh Jackman is a promoter of robot fighting and he has to take care of his estranged son.  There is a lot of WWE-style robot fighting and the story is very satisfying in the end
user2: cool
user1: Haha, yep, very cool; they way they do the robots is quite impressive
user2: i love robots
user2: so that makes me happy
user1: Also, Evangeline Lilly is in it, and she is not only very attractive but also a great actress
user2: that's nice
user1: If you like the movie Rocky, you will like this one a lot
user2: did it do well with the critics
user1: Not great; I think it was considered a bit cheesy at times, but it got 56/100 on Metacritic
user2: wow but that does not really matter if the movie is good
user1: Exactly... I like a lot of movies that don't get great reviews
user2: yes 
user1: also, it is kind of interesting to consider the future of boxing being between these huge robots instead of people
user2: yes that makes it interesting 
user1: I mean, it is only supposed to take place maybe ten years in the future, so it is still relatable in terms of technology etc.
user2: cool
user2: any plot points that stuck out
user1: There is even a scene at a rodeo, where a robot fights a bull... really interesting dynamic there
user2: that's cool 
user1: Well it is really a true story of the underdog; Jackman is down on his luck but is able to get a fight against theworld champo robot
user2: i might have to check this movie out
user1: yea, definitely; the end is sad and exciting and not what you might expect
user2: ok i'll try and find this
user2: what's the name again
user1: Shouldn't be too hard; it is the kind of movie that can be appropriate for families but that adults would still enjoy watching
user2: ok
user1: Real Steel

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hello, how is your day going?
user2: very well, thank you, I hope you are wellHave you seen Real Steel?
user1: I actually just watched it the other night, great movie!
user2: What do you think about the cast? Hugh Jackman, Dakota Goyo, Evangeline Lilly, Anthony Mackie, Olga Fonda
user1: I thought the whole cast was great, Hugh Jackman really brightened everything up together though.
user2: Hugh always does that, in all the movies ... but I think the critics could be better
user1: Same, it feels like what scores the critics gave is underwhelming.
user1: I guess if you go in with high expectations you might be let down more.
user2: yes, it's true, it always happens
user1: You'd think that they would learn eventually
user2: but well ... I love movies, of this type, based on books and future alternates as well with robots
user2: they always have a good story to tell
user1: This particular story was almost like Rocky, but with robots instead
user1: It felt very inspirational near the end
user2: Exactly, that was very interesting ... Although the play made to Charlie was somewhat unfair to the
user2: and the atom fights are super cool, all the victories were epic for me
user1: Yeah, it was but it made for an epic ending
user2: And after the fight against Twin Cities I think it's great that masx will not accept to sell to Atom
user2: there was an emotional bond
user1: I felt that bond
user1: It's pretty surreal what movies can make you feel nowadays
user2: although Charlie almost in the whole movie had bad luck, then they rob him what he had won and when they started to like max and he has to deliver it, poor man
user1: I thought that was unfair, you shouldn't rob somebody because you are a sore loser.
user2: But the biggest and most epic was the fight against Zeus, nobody thought that atom would make him fight
user1: That was such an awesome fight. I was on the edge of my seat during the whole scene
user2: It's amazing that they bet $ 100,000 that Atom would not last the round, it's crazy
user1: Too crazy for me, I would have lost my mind trying to bet that kinda money
user2: Did it seem fair to you that Zeus won?
user1: Not really, everybody knew Atom was the underdog. 
user2: thanks for this good talk, a hug

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hello
user2: Have you seen Real Steel
user1: Yes i enjoyed it, have you?
user2: I have
user2: I was pleasantly surprised
user2: I went into it with really low expectations
user2: Hugh Jackman has a mixed track record at best.
user1: Yes the bar should be set low with a name like "Real Steel"
user2: I mean a movie about a bunch of giant robots fighting is literally just a middling futurama episode.
user1: I enjoy futurama much more.
user2: Me too
user1: How do we advance or is the review timed?
user1: There we go.
user2: Yea I think they also didn't set the film far enough in the future to be honest
user2: I don't know who thought we would have giant robots by 2020
user2: but thats a bit of a stretch
user1: Yes I agree at least 2100 or something.
user2: its like blade runner which was supposed to happen like 10 years ago at this point
user2: I mean not all films can get it as right as The Running Man (1987) but at least get it closer.
user1: Yes, also I do not know if I would call it enjoyable family entertainment.
user2: I mean real steel is basically if rocky was a family movei staring robots instead of sylvester stallone
user2: and rocky is a family movie if you have older children
user1: I agree.

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user1: How are you?
user2: Good morning, good and you?
user1: Great, thanks for asking!
user1: What is our movie today?
user2: Real Steel, ever heard of it?
user1: Hmmm, I never heard of this movie
user1: have yu?
user2: Neither had I, until now.
user2: Looks like a story about fighting robots
user1: ah another futuristic film! All these super heroes movies and Thor movies these days!:-)
user1: any renown actors?
user2: Hugh Jackman is in it
user1: I'm not sure I know him
user2: I do not recognize the rest of them
user2: He plays in other superhero films, I think he did Wolverine
user1: I know-there are so many new names in Hollywood!
user1: Is this the type of movie where the robots save the world or cause a war?(I don't see the documents, only the chat window)
user2: It is a movie where robots fight like boxers. Apparently human boxing is no more
user2: In the time of the movie, that is.
user1: oh, interesting...
user2: The plot seems to be sort of formulaic, overcoming the odds, yada yada yada
user1: I know my husband would enjoy this movie more than me:-) I think I would prefer something with a deeper plot lol This is very predictable!
user2: It seems to be. The reviews were rather mediocre.
user2: 59% on Rotten Tomatoes, 56/100 on Metacritic
user1: That's not too great...
user1: how old is this movie?
user2: It is from 2011
user1: not too old
user2: True enough
user1: I wonder if this was on TV before, I recall something similar, with robots fighting...
user2: I think there have been shows on TV with a similar premise, but I am not entirely sure

conversation:
user1: real steel got a 59% on RT
user1: i thought it should have been higher
user2: I thought it was way better than that when I first watched it
user2: Hugh Jackman was good af in that movie imo
user1: hes a great actor
user1: overall i enjoyed the movie i would give it an 8/10
user2: Same
user2: I remember Eminem was on the soundtrack 
user1: the critical reviews were decent 
user2: and cinemascore atleast gave an A
user1: i cant believe it came out in 2011, i thought it came out in like 14' or 15, time flys
user2: I remember I would pretend to shadowbox after that movie lmao
user1: lol yea the reviews said it was rocky with robots
user2: I can see it
user1: hugh jackman looks like an ex-boxer
user1: kevin durand played a good villian
user2: He prob went thru a lot of training
user1: atom was memorable
user2: He was the ultimate underdog
user1: the number 2 key scene was one of the best parts of the movie
user2: It was a great start to the movie
user1: i agree great way to open up the film
user1: the strategy was like real boxing
user1: i think were almost done
user2: Yea
user1: atom was the peoples champion
user2: sounds like a certain wrestler lol
user1: definitely 
user1: atom was just an entertaining as the rock
user1: as*
user2: if he was able to talk he'd prob be even better
user1: they should have them talk on a part 2
user2: I would've cried if he spoke on a post fight interview or something

conversation:
user1: So, what movie are we talking about?
user2: It is called Real Steel
user1: What's it about?
user1: Who's in it?
user2: Well, it's a sci-fi sports film, based on the short story "Steel" by RIchard Matheson. It's about robots but I'm not sure much about the plot
user2: Hugh Jackman stars as Charlie Kenton, Dakota Goyo as Max Kenton, Evangeline Lilly as Bailey Tallet, Anthony Mackie as Finn, and Olga Fonda as Farra Lemkova
user1: Interesting. What were the reviews like?
user1: Did most people like it?
user2: Average reviews. 5.9 out of 10 on Rotten Tomatoes
user2: Reviews among critics were average as well
user1: Nice! I'd be interested to see it since I really like Hugh Jackman as an actor.
user2: He did play the main role in this movie
user1: Did the reviews say anything about the cinematography? That's something I look for in movies: good cinematography.
user2: The plot is about the year 2020, human boxers are being replaced by robots. Jackman plays a former boxer, who loses in a fight against a bull belonging to promoter and carnival owner Ricky who actually rigged the fight.  
user1: I see, so it's meant to illustrate the future of AI. Is it a science fiction movie, then?
user2: It is, a science fiction sports film. Never heard of anything like it 
user2: No response from User 2, User 2 has left the chat.

conversation:
user1: Hello there
user2: Hi!
user1: I have never seen Real Steel- have you?
user2: The name of the movie is Real Steel
user2: I have not
user2: So i will be happy to tell you about it!
user1: Me either- never even heard of it
user1: What sport is this about? it says it's a science sport movie?
user2: So it is a science, sports movie made in 2011
user2: It stars Hugh Jackman as Charlie Kenton, Dakota Goyo as Max Kenton, Evangeline Lily as Bailey Tallet, Anthony Mack as Finn, and Olga Fonda as Farra Lemkova
user1: Only person i'm familiar with is hugh jackman
user2: So it is based on a short story called "steel"
user2: It is set in 2020, where human boxers are replaced by robot boxers
user1: ohh so the sport is boxing. i get it;
user2: Hugh Jackman was a former boxer who owns "ambush" but loses it in a fight to Kevin Durand who had rigged the fight
user2: Charlie bet that Ambush would win, but lost, and was indebted to Ricky which he cannot pay
user1: sounds a little bit too fake of a movie for me. sounds boring
user1: the rating scores are quite low too
user2: So it got a 59% on rotton tomatoes
user2: but a cinemascore of A
user2: Do you normally like boxing movies?
user1: rotten tomatoes is always HARSh on scoring
user2: I agree
user1: no, but i did like million dollar baby- which i was shocked that i did
user1: but that was the only one. never a big fan of rocky
user2: one of the critics said it has a compeling plot
user1: it may be worth me trying to watch it
user2: and that they did a good job blending people and computer-made imaginary things into one story
user2: I always like to see what they can do with technology
user1: That is true. i do like technology type things
user1: i would be willing to atleast attempt watching this
user2: Yeah, it sounds like it has a lot of good action scenes
user1: Very true.  You have a good day and enjoy!

conversation:
user1: hello 
user2: Hello.
user2: Going to be talking about Real Steel today.
user2: It's a sci-fi movie with Hugh Jackman taking the lead role of Charlie Kenton.
user1: I've never seen it 
user1: whatas it about 
user2: It's about a man who fights robots.
user1: cool when does it take place 
user2: I guess I should explain better, he controls a robot that fights other (sort of like boxing, but with people controlling robots).
user1: is it like a futuristic movie 
user2: Somewhat, yes.  I mean besides that there deosn't seem to be much futuristic about it.
user2: It takes place in 2020.
user1: cool
user1: okay 
user1: do you like it 
user2: Jackman's character plays a former boxer, and loses in a fight that was rigged, and now has a debt he can't pay.
user2: I liked it for the most part.
user1: cool idk if its a movie id watch sounds kind off dramatic
user2: There is a bit more drama than I'd personally prefer in a movie, but the action, and robots make up for it for me.
user1: thats cool 
user1: deff will have to watch 
user1: did it ged good reviews 
user2: Jackman's character runs out of the debt, and at his kids request he puts his robot agains another robot called "metro, and Jackman's robot wins.
user2: 59% rotten tomatoes, and 56/100 on metacritic.
user1: i think my boyfried might like it 
user2: A rich owner of a champion robot then tries to buy his robot from him, and he initially wants to (so he can likely pay his debt), but his kid convinces him to keep it and keep fighting with it.
user1: cool like an underdog robot 
user2: Yes, precisely.
user2: He makes it into the championship, and gets knocked down with the first punch but gets back up, only to continue to get pummeled.
user1: im sure that scene looks cool
user2: After a lots of go around, the superior robot wins, and Jackmans' robot loses.
user1: wow 
user1: does he make a comback
user2: But everyone considers him the "People's Champion" for almost defeating a much superiour robot, that no one expected to make it through the 1st round.

conversation:
user1: Hello, How are you today?
user2: I am doing well, how about you?
user1: Doing pretty good, What did you think about Real Steel?
user2: I thought it was alright, Hugh Jackman was pretty good.
user2: What did you think of it? 
user1: I wasn't too interested in the film. I think the director literally copied the show "Robot Wars" and made a film out of it.
user1: In terms of score I'd give it a 4/10. What about yourself?
user2: That's a fair point. probably a 5.5/10, I thought some of the robots were pretty neat at least. 
user1: Yeah the designs of the robots where cool.
user1: I won't argue that fact at all.
user1: I think the only reason I really watched it was because of Jackman.
user1: Some of the robots in the film where actually real which was interesting.
user1: I thought it was all CGI.
user2: Yeah, Jackman usually does pretty good movies.
user2: That's pretty cool, most movies would just do CGI
user1: How did you feel about the rest of the characters? I personally don't think I could tell you any of their names to be honest.
user2: Same here. It was one of those movies where I just had it on and wasn't devoting my full attention to it.
user1: I agree. What did you think of the story? I thought it was cool. The sports world replacing people with machines.
user1: I think it could of been better developed though.
user2: It definitely was an interesting concept. 
user1: Other than that I think the story is kind of a rehash of other films.
user1: You know the "washed up" boxer looking for redemption kind of story.
user1: I think I see elements of Rocky and other boxing films in this movie.
user2: Yeah, there's several others I can think of like that without putting in too much effort. 
user1: That is the point where I think the story just falls flat.
user2: Anytime there's boxing my thoughts go straight to Rocky
user1: In fact, it's almost like Real Steal is a remake of several boxing films at once.
user1: Do you have any memorable moments from the film? good or bad?
user2: Maybe that was their goal. 
user1: I hope it wasn't.
user2: The last big fight grabbed my attention. 
user1: Oh yeah? What about it got your attention?
user2: Probably the special effects and action. 
user1: Yeah, I can understand that.
user2: Robots fighting is always fun for awhile at least
user2: Maybe not for a full movie, which explains why I didn't love the film
user1: Yeah, I think it really needed to be thought out better to be a successful film.
user1: Thanks for chatting with m friend. It was fun.
user2: It seems like most movies these days are either remakes or adapted from something and most of them could be better.
user1: Have a good rest of your day.
user1: Most of them aren't thought out lol.
user2: I enjoyed chatting and you have a good one as well. 

conversation:
user2: hi
user2: hello
user1: hello
user2: whats the movie?
user1: hi, do you like sports movies?
user1: hi, do you like sports movies?
user2: yep
user2: yeah
user2: what sport?

conversation:
user2: Hugh Jackman is the only actor I recognize
user1: Hi, Dakota Goyo is a name I recognize and I wonder if Olga Fonda is a child of Jane Fonda.
user2: I’m not sure. It’s cool that it was filmed in MI - I love my home state
user1: I saw that they filmed it in MI.  Cool!  I come from the generations who watched "Twilight Zone" so am interested in the history of who this was based on a story and the adapted to an episode of TZ. 
user2: Yeah! I didn’t realize the history behind the film 
user1: Dreamworks Pictures makes some real good films. I have seen a number of their works.
user2: They are a great production company!
user1: Yeah, they are! I am amazed at the way the film industry can combine the robotics with the humans and the animatronics.  They have advanced so far due to computers and imagination.
user1: Am I alone on this now?
user1: Do you like movies that are science fiction? 

conversation:
user1: Hello?
user2: Hey!
user2: How are you? :)
user1: Im doing great, how are you?
user2: I am fine thanks for asking!
user1: Lets talk about Real Steel!
user2: Sure thing.
user2: Have you watched the movie before?
user1: I have, but it has been awhile.
user2: Did you enjoy it?
user1: Yes, I do remember enjoying the movie, I think it is a very solid movie in my opinion.
user2: I did enjoy it too, well personally I am a huge fan of Hugh Jackman.
user1: I am too, I feel like he is one of the few humble actors there is.
user1: I am also a huge fan of robots generally especially in movies lol.
user2: That's interesting. How do you feel using robots to square off to one another?
user1: I think it is very awesome and very realistic.
user1: Well at least the movie made me feel like it is realistic lol.
user2: Yeah.
user2: I agree. Do you remember a scene that makes you remember the movie or made the movie so good?
user1: In fact I do. By the way, you watched the movie right? I forgot lol.
user2: Yes I did.
user1: Oh right right, I remember the later part of the movie, almost at the end.
user2: Which part?
user1: When they go against the strongest robot in the tourney, and they lost against it, I felt like that was the right ending just because the crowd was cheering "People's champ! People's champ!" at the end.
user2: Ohh right, that was the ending I preferred because that was the strongest opponent and it would be a cliche if they did defeat the strongest one.
user1: Atom! Thats the name of their robot!
user2: Yeah, such a fitting name.
user1: I cant believe the rating for this movie though. Its unfair. It should be at least a 6.5/10.
user2: I agree. I mean a 59% from rotten tomatoes is just asking a lot jesus.
user1: Zeus was the strongest robot, man I missed this movie, might watch it again later.
user2: Hahaha, same.
user1: Thanks for the great conversation! You have a good one alright?
user2: You too thanks.
user2: Bye!
user1: Bye.

conversation:
user2: Hello, have you ever seen the movie Real Steel?
user1: I have never heard of this movie.
user1: What's it about?
user2: Well it's basically a science fiction Rocky (boxing) movie with robots. It's actually rated somewhat badly on rotten tomatoes. 
user1: Are you saying I shouldn't watch it?
user2: I am indeed suggesting that you shouldn't watch this movie. Its pretty bad 
user1: What's the rating on IMDB?
user2: I can't see that eating on IMDB. However the rottentomatoes score is 59%, which is pretty lackluster. 
user2: Some of the reviews stated things like there is no story, it's just right scenes that don't make much sense
user1: It's not the worst rating ever. What's the user score on rottentomatoes? Or if that is the user score, what's the critic score?
user2: Criticscore is 56/100. 
user1: What year was this movie made?
user2: It has High Jackman in it. He's pretty cool. 
user2: It was made in 2011
user1: Who directed it?
user2: Shawn Levy directed it. 
user2: For DreamWorks productions
user1: Can you tell me if Shawn Levy has directed anything else notable?
user2: Actually I don't have that information available at this time. 
user1: Who else stars in this movie besides Jackman?
user2: Dakota Goyo. Evangeline Lilly 
user2: Anthony Mackie. And Olga Fonda. Never heard of those two before
user1: It doesn't sound like an interesting movie so far. Is there any other information I should know?
user2: The film was actually based on a short story called "Steel" in 1956 
user1: Can you tell me more about this story?
user2: It was later adapted into the twilight zone in 1963 
user2: Sure. 
user1: Is the 1963 Twilight zone version worth watching?
user2: In the year 2020. Human boxers are replaced by robots 
user2: I'm not sure about the twilight zone one. 
user1: What's the plot hook? Or what would hypothetically make me interested in watching htis?
user2: A former boxer (hugh jackman) Charlie owns one of these robots. 
user2: He loses it in one fight. 
user1: The robot?
user2: Yes. It turns out that the fight was rigged so he would lose. 
user1: At this point I'm fairly confident that I won't be watching this movie. I trust your evaluation.
user2: Ok thanks. Have a nice day

conversation:
user2: ok, so
user2: not only does hugh jackman have steel claws
user2: he apparently has a giant steel robot too
user1: Yeah, I heard it's a David v Goliath type movie, just like Rocky
user1: I like Hugh Jackman
user2: he can act, he can sing
user2: whats not to like
user1: I never heard of the other actors though
user2: evangeline lily i THINK was the elf from lord of the rings
user1: Ah right, she was good
user2: anthony mackie was cuba goodings replacement in iron man
user2: and then he became hawkeye i think?
user1: That's a decent cast so
user2: yeah decent cast for a rock em sock em robots movie
user2: i would love to see those animatronics 
user1: Scores are okay on the review sites too
user1: Yeah, robots fighting n that scale would be cool
user2: a big of disparity though
user2: 59% on one
user1: True, two scores around 55-60% and the other an A
user2: And then cinema score A? clearly different strokes
user2: also, its set in 2020, not far away, i cant wait for robot ufc!
user1: Haha me too!! 
user1: World Robot Boxing, I like the sound of that!
user1: Classic script, dad and kid fight all odds to take on the big boss at the end
user2: its just a hop and a skip away from a smaller version of pacific rim
user2: does the robot have ai or does he control it?
user1: A lot of sports movies follow that framework I reckon
user1: I think he tells the robot what to do, or else controls it with a joystick kid of thing
user2: oh good
user1: Yeah, it says it there that it is voice controlled
user2: neat! basically, b+ would probably check out
user1: "The People's Champion"... The Rock won't like losing that title haha
user1: Yeah same, B+ I think
user2: i wonder how many rocky references are in it
user1: It sounds quite similar
user1: The plot sounds like that last Rocky, Rocky Balboa
user1: You gone?

conversation:
user2: What movie?
user1: Real Steel
user2: Have you ever seen it before?
user2: What genre is it?
user1: Nope, but I've seen clips of it on YouTube and it looks really cool.  It's also based on the short story "Steel," which is written by Richard Matheson, and I like movies that are based on novels/texts
user1: It's Science/Sports
user2: What is it about?
user1: It's about fighting robots!  Cool fact -- real animatronic robots were built for this film.
user2: Is it fiction?
user1: Yes, but it draws inspiration from the contemporary WWE world
user2: Do you need to know about WWE to enjoy the film?
user1: Not really.  It's a simple concept where basically robots take the place of human boxers.
user2: Why haven't you ever watched it?
user1: It's never really come up to my attention besides on YouTube.  Despite a Rotten Tomatoes score of 59% and averave of 5.9/10 (as well as a Metacritic Score of 56/100), it does actually have a CinemaScore rating of an A.
user2: I usually agree with Rotten Tomatoes Scores. I am not familiar with CinemaScore
user1: It's a matter of personal taste, I guess.  If you like the idea of fighting robots, this movie's for you!
user2: Do you spend a lot of time on YouTube?
user1: Yes!  It has replaced my use of traditional cable TV.  YouTube is a great way of introducing myself to other films.  After watching some YouTube clips, I learned that this movie has Hugh Jackman in it.  Do you like Hugh Jackman as an actor?
user2: Do you like fighting robots?
user2: Are you there?
user2: I'd like to finish this
user2: to be compensated
user2: hello
user2: i think i need 15 responses
user2: you do too i guess
user2: can you send me messaged
user1: One of the best scenes on YouTube that I watched was when Charlie's (main character) robot that is named Atom fights against another robot Metro.
user1: It was really cool to see robots fight with the agility of humans!

conversation:
user2: Hi .... have you seen the movie Home Alone?
user1: Hello! And yes I have 
user1: I used to watch it all the time
user2: Whoops ... I picked Home Alone but they changed it on me to the movie "Reel Steel", have you seen that movie'?
user1: No I dont think i have 
user1: what is it about?
user2: Me neither ... but do you like sports / science fiction together?
user2: Apparently its a sports /scifi
user1: That actually sounds like it would be a good movie
user2: It does have Hugh Jackman as the lead ... have you sene him in any movies?
user1: I love sports and i love science fiction so combinding them would be cool to see
user1: Yes. He is a great actor 
user2: It has fighting robots in it ... so I think it might be worth a watch?
user1: I would watch it! sounds very interesting
user2: Evangeline Lilly is in it too (from the TV show LOST) - Do you like her as an actress?
user1: No I dont know her i dont think
user1: is she in anything else?
user2: I think LOST was the only series I am aware of
user1: Gotcha
user2: Would you stil see this movie knowing rotten tomatoes gave it a 59/100?
user1: I havent watched that series in years
user1: Yes because rotten has rated some of thr best movies bad
user1: would you watch it?
user2: True ... one critic called the movie " Rocky with Robots" ... I did like Rocky did you see those movies?
user2: I don't think I'd watch it now, after seeing the reviews ... 
user1: I liked rocky
user2: Apparently the plot is how boxers are replaced by robots ... do you think that's feasible?
user1: no 
user1: now that you say the plot, it kind of sounds not so good of a movie
user2: Some said this movie was like WWE ... Do ever watch "Professional wrestling?"
user1: i like wwe
user2: Reel Steel was based on a short story ... never heard of it ... you?
user1: i used to watch it every wednsday
user1: nope

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hello
user2: did you watch Real Steel ?
user1: Yes I did.  How about you?
user2: No , I didn't
user2: I like Hugh Jackman
user1: Oh.  Yes, He is a very talented actor.
user1: Do you enjoy Science type movies?  If so, you might like this one.
user2: I like science movies
user2: I knew it was released in 2011
user1: Yeah.  I thought it was a decent movie.  I am not usually a big fan of the genre.  
user2: but it doesn't have a great ratings though
user1: True.  It's a middle of the road peer rating.  However, I find that especially with rotten tomato scores...I still have to judge it for myself.  Their rating system seems to be a bit hit and miss for my own personal tastes.  
user2: I usuallu trust IMDB ratings better than rotten tomatoes
user1: Yes, I agree with that.  They tend to be a bit more reliable.  I haven't watched a ton of Hugh Jackman films.  He seems to be a fairly good actor though.
user2: scene 1 seems very encouraging to watch
user1: I wasn't aware that the film was based on a short story.  I might have to check that out if it's available.  
user2: yes , me neither
user2: I like Evangiline Lilly too, she is very talented 
user1: That she is.  You'd think that with such talented actors the movie would of scored better with people.  
user2: I didn't watch any movies directed by Shawn Levy before?
user1: I
user2: I am really that type o person who likes to see for themselves 
user1: I do not tend to pay enough attention to directors.  
user2: I will watch it first and then give my opinion
user2: Really, directors have a great impact on my choices 
user1: I never gave directors much thought, until I got older and learned more about what it takes to make a movie and how their role impacts it all.
user2: I mean , if someone like Cristopher Nolan is the director of any movie, I would absolutely watch it 
user1: I think if they brought the movie out now, maybe it might do a bit better.  Robot action type movies are kinda a hit lately.  Maybe it was paired up with something else that overshadowed it at the that time.  I can't remember all the releases back then.
user2: that's why I was amused it was released in 2011, I think this type of movies started to show recently
user2: but I think if it is a first , it deserve to be seen
user1: Yeah...I can imagine a movie about boxing robots would be a hard sell for most without seeing it for yourself.  
user2: I guess I will watch it tonight 
user2: nice chatting with you
user1: You too.
user2: have a great day. Bye!

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hi!
user2: My friend!
user2: Lets talk about Real Steel yeah?
user1: yes great movie!
user2: I know right?
user1: you seen it before?
user2: Hugh Jackman really played the part well!
user2: Yeah.
user1: i really liked Dakota Goyos part
user2: Oh yeah the little kid?
user1: yeah!
user1: i didnt know it took part in michigan
user2: Sure sure. He sure was lively lol
user2: I did not know it too.
user2: It sucks that the rating is so looow. :(
user1: im suprised it got 5.9/10!
user2: I KNOW!
user2: I thought it would be higher.
user1: so did I.
user1: at lease the cinema score was an A
user2: Good thing hahaha
user1: interesting they adapted it into a twilight zone episode
user2: Imagine if we have those robots, I would use it always!
user1: I know wouldnt that be nice!
user2: Yeah, I would use one to fight you and your robot! :p
user1: haha mine would win :)
user2: Anyways I am getting off topic lol, I love the part where even if he lost, the little kid, the people were still chanting "PEOPLES CHAMP! PEOPLES CHAMP!" something like that haha
user1: i usually have a hard time with robot movies,
user1: oh yes that was a great part!
user2: That was the last part, I loved it lol.
user2: I had goosebumps.
user1: right?! thats why i love movies!
user2: I love robot movies actually, ever since I was a kid so I was sure that the movie is going to be great.
user2: Thanks for the great conversation my friend!
user1: yes thank you as welL!
user2: and by the way, my robot would win by a loooong shot! :p
user1: haha okay i will let you have it this time :)

conversation:
user2: Hey, have you seen The Wolf of Wall Street?
user2: I mean Real Steel?
user1: Hey hi nope but im intersted know about that movie
user1: how much do u like the movie?
user2: It gots Hugh Jackman 
user2: Its sci-fi
user1: oh really i like sci fi movies generally 
user2: It's average
user2: rotten tomatoes gave it a 59
user1: ok whats is the movie story ?
user1: i mean movie plot
user2: The plot is based on the short story Steel by Richard Matheson
user2: Futuristic sport
user1: ok
user2: Running Man typ
user1: who are the cast in the movie?
user2: Hugh Jackman
user2: Dakota Goyo
user2: Evangeline Lilly and Anthony Mackie
user1: okies
user1: what could be the reason for 
user1: average rating?
user2: Human boxers are replaced by robots pretty much
user2: It was pure cinema no story
user1: i mean the story is not good or the action is not good?
user2: The action is good, the story writing very average
user2: It was made back in 2011
user1: ok what is ur opinion about the movie?
user1: what is ur rating ?
user2: Its worth a watch i guess if your into sci fi
user2: 70
user2: Basically it's a fight movie based in the future
user1: you are saying its most kind of action movie right
user2: Theres some good fight scenes though
user2: Right, alot of action, what I guess you'd epext from a Jackman flick.

conversation:
user2: So what movie we got here?
user1: Looks like Real Steel
user2: What is Real Steel about?
user1: It's based on a short story, and it is about fighting robots
user1: It's described as Rocky with robots
user2: Based on a short story? that sounds interesting like it would be a quick ride
user1: Yeah, it stars Hugh Jackman, who I always enjoy and Evangeline Lilly
user2: I love Rocky,  and Wolverine haha. Sounds like a winner
user2: I assume its like 100 years in the future type thing?
user1: I am not entirely sure, but I would assume so! It was already adapted into a Twilight Zone episode back in 1963, so I don't know how that all fits in!
user1: Looking further, looks like its set in 2020
user2: So it's a remake of a Twilight zone episode done into a full movie. Thats crazy
user2: How do they control the robots? like get inside them or remote?
user2: Some Voltron type stuff or power rangers haha
user1: Sounds similar, yes! It sounds like they control them from the outside, remotely
user1: The main character is Jackman's character, and he runs out on a debt to a carnival owner
user1: Just generally sounds like a lot of crazy sci-fi stuff, but it sounds kinda fun!
user2: OH so he has to win to pay it off isee one of those type of movies
user2: Yes wondering what it's reated pg pg13 or R i hope R 
user1: I know, R-rated action movies are definitely better.
user1: I am not sure exactly what this one is rated
user1: But with the concept of fighting robots, I would think it might be violent
user2: YEah i would imagine you could get all kinds of brutal in it and get a PG rating becaus they are just robots
user1: True! Not a lot of blood there
user2: It's like a movie loop hole for ratings 
user1: Apparently the robots are vocal controlled, but when the vocal controller is damaged Jackman has to "shadow box" for his robot
user1: It sounds pretty cool
user1: It only has a 59% on rotten tomatoes, but that's probably just because the critics hate action movies
user2: Oh so he has to control it manually when the tech breaks down that sounds very Rockyish
user1: Yes, definitely!
user1: I think Rocky was a big inspiration for this, just if it were set in the future
user2: yeah i don't listen to critics they are idiots in ivory towers 
user1: Haha very true!
user2: If anything that low score makes me want to watch it more
user1: Yes, I feel the same way! Nothing like a good underdog story
user2: how long is it time wise?
user1: I don't have that information in front of me, but I'd assume 2 hours ish? That seems pretty standard for these kinds of movies
user2: Well im sold on this movie and lower than 2 hours is perfect
user1: Yeah, definitely google to be sure on the time, but I think it sounds good too!
user2: IS there no AI controlled robots?
user2: or are they all 'dumb' so to speak
user1: Not in this movie! Just remotely controlled ones, so more Battle Bots than anything else, I guess
user2: I assume there is Romance in it kinda like Rocky.
user1: Maybe as a background plot? The main plot definitely revolves around Jackman and his robots
user2: Right so its just Jackman Alone no friend or mentor/student type thing?
user1: Jackman has a son, so I think father/son is the main relationship here
user2: So its a father son bonding movie about battle bots sounds great i think were done here.
user1: I think so!
user1: Have a great day!
user2: Take care same to you

conversation:
user2: Hi
user2: Have you ever seen Real Steel?
user1: Hey
user1: No, have you?
user2: No can't say I have. 
user2: Have you ever heard of it or know who is in it
user1: Yes I have, I know jackman ffrom X-men of course.
user2: Yes and Evangeline Lilly from Lost. 
user1: It's about fighting robots. Are you familiar with anything similar?
user2: Did you know it is a Science Fiction sports film?
user2: No I don't know of anything similar. I was surprised to find that it is a DreamWorks Picture
user1: yes,, Science fiction is a great genre. I'm also surprised.
user2: It has a rather low Metacritic score
user1: Not every movie with a low score is bad
user2: I kind of see why because to me the Genre of Science and sports don't really mix
user2: Oh I know, some of my favorites have low scores. You definitely can't depend on critics
user1: the story was adapted into a twilight zone episode. Have you ever seen the show?
user2: I've seen twilight zone, It was always awesome. Just curious, if you like Science Fiction, how come you haven't checked out this movie
user1: Just didn't have the chance to see it. The film is based on boxing but with robots. What do you think of boxing?|
user2: I have no interest in boxing and even less interest in boxing robots lol! how about you?
user1: Boxing is a great sport, but it's very boring for the most part.
user2: Where do people come up with things like "World Robot Boxing" which is the premise of the movie. I like real life movies. 
user1: It's computer-generated
user2: I guess since its suppose to take place in 2020 robots can box. HOWEVER, that not really so futuristic anymore, we're almost there!
user1: yeah, that doesn't make sense, but the story was written a long time ago I guess, and they never changed it
user1: The movie is about gambling as well.
user2: It supposedly has really good computer and human interaction scenes 
user1: the technology is getting better, so they probably did that well.
user2: If it were possible to watch a match between two real robots today and it was free, would you watch it?
user1: yes, and they already have them, but nothing like this.
user2: Seriously? Are they toys or real robots
user1: real robots but not controlled by people inside them.
user2: Interesting. Well it was nice talking with you have a great day
user1: you too.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hello
user1: What's the movie?
user2: "Real Steel
user2: Idk how i selected this movie
user2: have you seen it before?
user1: No, I've never heard of it. Who's in it?
user2: Hugh Jackman as Charlie Kenton● Dakota Goyo as Max Kenton● Evangeline Lilly as Bailey Tallet● Anthony Mackie as Finn● Olga Fonda as Farra Lemkova
user2: Hugh is from Xmen
user1: I only recognize Hugh
user1: what are the ratings
user2: 59% on rotten tomato
user2: I think it deserves a higher score.
user1: hmm, probably why I've never heard of it
user1: what's the story plot
user2: it has the same origins of terminator. Robots fighting 
user1: It's an action/thriller
user2: Read the introduction. Based on that would you want to watch it?
user1: I don't see the document
user1: You're supposed to convince me to watch it :)
user2: yes action/thriller
user2: Real Steel is a 2011 American science fiction sports film starring Hugh Jackman and Dakota Goyoand co-produced and directed by Shawn Levy for DreamWorks Pictures. The film is based on theshort story "Steel", written by Richard Matheson, which was originally published in the May 1956edition of The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction, and later adapted into a 1963 Twilight Zoneepisode. Real Steel was in development for several years before production began on June 24,2010. Filming took place primarily in the U.S. state of Michigan. Animatronic robots were built forthe film, and motion capture technology was used to depict the brawling of computer-generated
user1: Ok, is there a back story or anything?
user1: Sounds like that Will Smith movie, iRobot
user2: yeah, its a movie based in the future. Human fighters no longer fight so they use robots to fight.
user1: What are they fighting for?
user2: It does have some similar aspects of Irobot but this it isnt trying to show that robots are taking over.
user1: So they're just human ammunition !
user2: The usual reason anyone fights for, ego, dominance and pride.
user1: Do the humans learn a lesson in the end, or how does it end?
user2: THere is also a tidal or throphy that they want to recieve with a money prize
user1: Oh, money!
user1: Power
user2: I believe the best fighter/robot is purchased or stolen by the antagonist and they returns to the origanal owner.
user2: Its been a long time since ive seen it.
user2: based on what ive told you would you want to watch it?

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: hi
user2: i never saw this movie
user1: Whats the title?
user2: real steel
user2: hugh jackman is the lead
user1: Ah me neither
user1: Whats the ratings?
user2: woloverine, lol
user2: 59%
user1: its a wolverine movie or hugh jackman is wolverine?
user2: not oogd
user2: good, sorry
user2: never heard of the other actors in ot
user2: it. i cant type today for some reason
user1: lol i have those days, pretty much every other day
user1: you caught me on a good day
user1: Are there any other actors in it worth mentioning?/
user2: no.  sounds like one of those movies everyone forgets right after it comes out
user1: Ah that makes sense because we both never saw it
user1: I watch a ton of movies that one must have slipped through the cracks
user2: doesnt say what its rated
user2: i guess it got some good ratings'
user1: Hugh jackman is a pretty decent actor
user2: obviously not enough to propel it
user2: yeahm hes not bad
user1: always plays the same character though
user2: yup, the tough - but soft on the inside guy
user2: looks like there wont be a real steel 2
user1: My kinda guy
user1: He was probably to busy being wolverine
user1: Whats the movie about?
user2: its got robots in it though!
user1: wowza!
user2: science fiction, 
user2: and wwe
user2: huh
user1: An end of the world kind of movie>
user1: ?*
user2: rocky with robots
user1: haha

conversation:
user1: Hello who is there? Tell me about the movie
user2: hey, what's up, the movie is real steel, have you seen it?
user1: I actually have not. How good is it?
user2: If you like robot fighting and some boxing action, it is kind of fun to watch.  Then there is the part about a tiny robot rise to challenge the ultimate power house, kind of like rocky for robot
user1: It sounds like an interesting movie if you like robots.
user2: Well, hugh Jackman play a retired boxer with some trouble in his life who has a kid who discover a really interesting robot, thus the father and son bonding begins so there is the part about family bonding too. 
user1: That sort of reminds me of an episode of Twilight Zone. When did you see this movie?
user2: must have been five years ago, they usually replay it on spike or one of the other movie channel 
user1: I watch Spike a lot, but I have never seen it come up. What is you favorite scene in the movie?
user2: overall, if you like hugh Jackman and his movies, this one is wroth watching, it is somewhat different than most other movie that year, it has some humor, some robot fighting, and some robot fight betting.  My favorite scene is probably when the kid drag the robot out of the mud dump
user1: I think I would like to see that. Does it remind you of any other movies?
user2: the father was running low on money and they didn't have enough money for a robot, then they just suddenly find this robot out of the dumpster.  It remind me of rocky since the robot was like a dark horse, it was thrown away but then it start winning lots of fights and get the crowd going
user1: That would be interesting just for the underdog aspects. How many times have you watched it?
user2: I think it was reshow on TV quite a few times, probably five or six times, some are pieces by pieces, I used to have Netflix and HBO and movie channel so they show it quite often
user1: So I can find it on Netflix if I want?
user2: it used to be on Netflix or amazon prime or both, since it has been a while since I used Netflix, like over a year so I am not sure if the content has changed, it is likely they may show this movie on regular cable channel by now
user1: I might want to check it out. I love finding good movies I have never seen. 
user2: The rating is not too high, but you can get into it if you watch it enough and the story is pretty sweet, and it has a light warm sense of humor too.  

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: Hello!
user1: Have you seen Real Steel?
user2: Yes I did see the movie Real of steel.
user1: Was it good?
user2: Yes it was good to me, how about you.
user1: I have never even heard of it
user2: Okay.
user1: The critic's response that it is Rocy with robots sounds interesting
user2: It was very interesting movie, you will like iy.
user1: I do love Hugh Jackman! Is he good in it?
user2: I believe he is good, I saw about all of his movies. 
user1: He is fabulous!
user1: Do you think the premise is believable?
user2: Yes, it remind of boxing. 
user1: Do they build their own robots?
user2: He is a great act to me. 
user1: His character Charlie seems to have a lot of problems
user2: I think they do or they have people wearing a black suit with many white balls to act like the robot. 
user1: That sounds cool
user2: This movie was basic on a book call steel that came out in 1956
user2: I did like the part when he found the robot and train it to be a boxers. 
user1: Ooh Anthony Mackie! I live him!
user2: He cool.
user1: So in the end, the humans have to box for the robots?
user1: What a twist!
user2: Yes what a twist.
user2: I do like that fact that he realize that he can do that boxing motion and the robot will copy. 
user1: It sounds like a cool film.
user1: That does sound cool
user2: Yeah he look happy doing the boxing move. 
user1: nice
user2: He happy to make money
user1: I am glad it all workd out for him
user1: I always appreciate a happy ending
user2: Yes in USA ending. 
user1: nice
user1: is there a different ending?
user2: In different country have different ending
user1: oh wow! I didn't know that!
user2: I did like he kid was with him.
user2: Did like that fact the son teach the robot to dances.
user2: are you still here.

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: Hello!
user2: what is the title of this movie
user1: The title is Real Steel
user2: what is it about
user1: It is about robots who are used to simulate boxing matches. Imagine Rocky meets Transformers
user2: sounds like an interesting concept, who is the main actor
user1: The main actor is Hugh Jackman, known for playing Wolverine.
user2: where is the setting
user1: It doesnt specifically say but, from context, I believe the near future in the US
user2: is there any clue about which side is good or bad
user1: Jackman's character seems to be on the Good side
user2: is he the one designing the robots for these fights
user1: I'm not sure. I remember a trailer for this movie and he acted as a sort of trainer/ manager for the robots
user2: is there any indication about the types of weapons that the robots are using or are they just punching each other
user1: They only punch, no major "weapons"
user2: is there a love story or some other unrelated to the fighting type of plot
user1: The humans in the movie has their own sub plot but Jackman's character (Charlie) does not begin with a clear love interest
user2: are the fights similar to a boxing match where there would be people watching and cheering for a fan favorite, or are they fighting in random places throughout the city
user1: They take place in an arena so there are people watching in a set space
user2: is there a robot that is considered the champion
user1: There is one named Zeus who is considered the Global Champion
user2: so that one would be like Apollo Creed in Rocky
user1: Exactly. Jackman's character Charlie operates a robot called Atom who is the underdog
user2: are these robots similar to humans in their appearance or are they more advanced with jet packs
user1: My information does not explicity say. It does say that in one fight, Atom's sensors are broken so Charlie has to "shadow box" for him where the robot mimics Charlies movement
user2: so the Jackman controls the movement of Atom and has the ability to influence the choices he makes while fighting
user1: Yes. like the Robots fight in place of the humans

conversation:
user1: What about this movie do you like?
user2: Hi I just watched the movie Reel Steel. I like that is a science fiction movie.
user2: What do you like about it?
user2: I also enjoy Hugh Jackman as an actor
user1: I like that it is more than just a father and son relationship but about pride, love, value and worth.
user1: Hugh Jackman is an incredible actor.
user2: I have never read the book it is based on. I think that would be interesting to compare the two.
user1: What scene from the movie was your favorite?
user1: Yes, the books are always different from the movies.
user2: I liked the robot fighting scenes
user2: I'm surprised it got such low marks
user1: Yes those were interesting, i like the training scenes because the relations between max and atom as well as his father.
user2: I especially liked the bull scene
user2: But it did make me feel bad for Charlie
user1: Rotten tomatoes which is probably the best one to view score gave it a 59 but cinemaScore gave it an A. It is a good film to watch. I felt bad for charlie for a moment but more for his son.
user1: what else about this move stood out as a pivotal moment?
user2: When he found a robot with his son.
user2: That was a really important part of the movie
user1: the moment when charlie and his son make up got me because he knows he not the best father but he can be a friend.
user2: It also brings him closer to his son which is really important
user2: that is a really good part of the movie too
user1: very true
user2: I also liked how even though Charlie needed money they did not sell Atom because Max didn't want him to
user1: Yes and the message through the movie was to never give up which may be cliché but through their hardest outcomes  they had victory in the end.
user1: one of the scenes they talk about was about the twin cities fight . In the midst of the scene you can see charlie and his son become closer but disappointed because charlie cant live up to the potential of being a fater.
user2: That is a great message. I also think Max is a very understanding kid to put up with all his father's setbacks even after all they went through and he gave him back to Debra, Max was always ready to go back to his Dad.
user1: Yes that was funny because he knew they needed to stay together and fight,
user2: Atom also becomes a character of his own I feel like. He also has to overcome hardships while battling. Every time he gets hit, he gets back up just like Charlie and Max.
user1: True and also you just can rely on technology just to get your through but a some compassion from people can go very far and that was the relationship between atom and max. In the end there were champions even though they didnt win
user2: the fighting scene between Atom and Zeus is a great example of this. Everyone thought Zeus would win and Atom's voice-respond control system even stopped working but they got through it. 
user2: I think even though Zeus one, the majority of people had more compassion for Atom
user1: Yes never underestimate the underdog
user2: won*
user2: Alright, it was good talking with you about the movie!
user1: u too

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hello
user2: The movie is Real Steel, did you see it?
user1: Never seen it.
user1: Have you?
user2: nope
user2: it's sort of like the wwe, but with robots
user1: At least I recognize an actor- Hugh Jackman.
user2: Yeah he's the only person I recognize
user1: It has a low rating according to Rotten Tomatoes.
user2: yeah, though it sounds like it has a pretty good plot
user2: we have, or had battlebots as a tv show
user1: It's considered science, and sports. So, pretty basic.
user2: If the technology ever catches up I could see people wanting to do something like this for real
user1: A mix of two worlds.
user2: and boxing with people leads to brain damage
user2: I'm not trying to knock the sport
user1: the film is based on a short story.
user2: it looks ok as a film not great, but maybe good
user1: Robotics and virtual reality. Seems like like there's already a trend setting in.
user2: people really like those "let's play" videos
user1: It's rather funny that this story been on  a magazine, and adapted in the Twilight Zone
user2: I like to see that episode from 1963
user2: It would be interesting to see what they thought the future would be like
user1: To see how it got adapted?
user2: and that too
user1: The plot of this movie seems rather weak. 
user2: yeah 
user1: Not sure I would like it, and not interested in watching it so far.
user2: I like sci-fi even when the acting is bad
user1: If that what you like.

conversation:
user1: Was  a very okay movie to me. Like not super amazing but not super boring either.
user2: It looks interesting I like sci fi movies.
user1: Yeah same but I prefer space stuff. Otherwise though like good action here just not anything crazy
user2: Looks like it's based on a old book from the 50's.
user1: Yeah that's kinda wild cause it's like a 60 year differnece between book and film
user2: It was filmed in Michigan I'm familiar with that area since I grew up in Wisconsin.
user1: Oh cool very different than me, always been from the east coast
user1: I watched rocky a while ago so that's an interesting comparisoin
user2: Spent eight years out that way in New Jersey and South Carolina but now on the west coast.  I like that it seems like Rocky with robots.
user1: oh dope I grew up in NJ
user2: I've never heard of this movie until now either must not have been very popular.
user1: Yeah seems like it which is interesting since it has Hugh Jackman
user2: Oh got some idea of what the story is about now.  Looses a fight and needs to repay a debt.
user1: Oh okay cool. Sounds like a redemption story or something
user2: Perhaps this movie could apply to other jobs being replaced by ai it's already happening.
user1: That's a good point
user1: Even since the movie came out it changed a lot
user2: Yea tech is progresing fast even just in my lifetime and I was born in the 80's.
user1: Yeah true it's super fast
user2: The different scenes sound interesting I think I may want to see this film some time.
user1: Yeah same!
user1: We shouldn't get our expectations up much though
user2: Looks like the good guy wins in the end so a happy ending?
user2: yea I know the feeling lifes so unpredictable.
user1: Hmm yeah I'm not sure because it says he gets robbed of winnings but I'm sure the good guy does win
user1: Oh yeah now that I see it you're right
user2: So what the basic thing with this is people make fighting robots to box and human boxes help train them?
user2: boxers I mean
user1: Yeah it seems like it, which is an interesting thing because like computers can't think for themselves so humans need to train them
user2: So it's like pokemon with robots
user1: Hahahahaha trueeeee
user2: Looks like critics didn't rate it very well though
user1: Yeah that's why I think it might not be super great to watch

conversation:
user2: Hi
user2: Do you like this genre of movie 
user1: No, I do not like science fiction at all.  How about you?
user2: Not really 
user1: I see Twilight Zone is referenced, however.  They always had decent episodes!
user2: Yeah I agree 
user1: Fighting robots?  Boring!
user2: Also Hugh jackman is in this movie and I like him in other stuff 
user1: Do you recall many Twilight Zone episodes or are you too young?  I like Hugh Jackman a lot also.  I wonder if he is a robot????
user2: Yeah it sounds a liltle out there
user1: Hmmmm.  I wonder if Olga Fonda is a real FONDA?
user2: I recall twlight zone 
user1: The Fonda dynasty has great actors.  I wonder if Olga is one?
user1: Rotten Tomatoes only gives it 59%.  Not good!
user2: I don’t know
user2: No reviews are low
user1: Oops!  I see there is also a bull involved!
user2: And the critics had nothing good to say
user2: Wow
user1: Sorry -- reading key scenes.  Scene 1 is quite interesting
user2: I guess it’s a boxing league for robots
user1: Yep.  A carnival is also a part of the action!  LOL!
user2: It’s got all kind of surprises 
user1: Yes it does!  Is Ambush the bull?
user2: It looks like high jackman is the robot operator 
user2: I think ambush is another robot 
user1: There's a whole lot of action and betting going on!
user1: Ohhhh so Ambush and Atom must be the robots!  Thanks.  Can't read that fast!!
user2: Yeah I believe so
user1: Nope.  Zeus is a robot too.
user1: Wow.  Now somebody is fighting for his son??
user1: Well.  At least there is no blood letting!
user2: Yeah I think Zeus is the robot champ

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: hello
user1: Have you seen Real Steel?
user2: No. Have you?
user1: I have not
user2: Looks like this was has a lot of robot action
user1: I'm not really into science fiction sports films
user2: Me either
user2: I like Hugh Jackman though
user1: It sounds like it would be interesting
user1: Yeah, I do too
user1: He is a good actor
user1: the key scene sounds crazy
user2: do you agree with the ratings of this movie?
user1: robotic boxers
user1: An A rating?
user1: No way!
user2: I think Rotten Tomatoes gave it like 49% favorable
user1: Wonder how he pays off the debt?
user1: Well, I can see that
user1: It doesn't seem like a real thrill seeking/ attention grabbing film
user2: Sounds like quite a bit of fighting, which I would like
user1: The 2nd scene note seems crazy!
user2: Well, there's another complex fight scene
user2: HaHa, I agaree
user1: lol! Yes, there is!!!
user1: insane 
user2: Some interesting character names ... Zeus and Metro. Sounds SciFi
user1: they do!
user2: The robot seems to be winning the day
user1: knocks him down with the first punch!
user1: That he does!
user2: Gee, what will happen next?
user1: I can't believe he bet that much money!
user1: that is crazy!
user2: He's wealthy
user1: It seems like an interesting movie. I may have to check it out
user2: Zeus running out of power sure was detrimental.
user2: the heartwarming part is that Atom is fighting to save his son
user1: it almost gave atom the upper hand

conversation:
user1: hello,
user2: hello
user2: do you like to watch movies
user1: I love - I think I'm quite addicted !
user2: oh nice, whats your favorite genre
user1: I would say sci-fy and horror movies
user2: oh ok
user2: have you ever seen real steel?
user1: no I did not, what is it ?
user2: oh ok its a science/ sports movie starring hugh jackman and directed by shawn levy
user1: science and SPORTS ? how does that work ?
user2: it was based on a book published in 1958
user1: oh that's sounds promising - I love book adaptations !
user2: well it was about human boxers replaced with robots
user1: "replaced with robots" - where is a "sport" in that ? What does a human do ? Just build the robot ?
user2: yea i guess so
user1: hate to be judgmental, but it doesn't sound like a sport to me ;) just saying ;)
user2: i agree 
user1: How is Hugh's acting ? I kinda like him !
user2: in the beginning a former human boxer owns a robot boxer, and he lost a fight because it was rigged, and couldnt pay the debt
user2: his acting is pretty good
user1: nice. so what determines which robot is better?  just based on its engineering ?
user2: which ever one gets destroyed first i guess
user1: no I get that, but is that really a battle of scientists - who will build a better, faster, stronger machine ?
user2: yes thats how it is , also the human controls the robot as if h is fighting himself
user2: he *
user1: oh, so there is some human intervention. That seems a little bit more like a sport
user1: Did You like that movie ? How was the rating ?
user2: hugh jackman aka who has a son in the movie brings his robot for another match and wins, the champion robot is owned by the guy who charlie lost to last time tries to buy "atom" charlies robot but his son max refuses and challenegs "Zeus "
user2: the movie ws ok
user2: it was 5.9/10
user1: uu...  not the highest rating. Are the CGIs at least decent ?
user2: yes it was decent 

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hello, the movie is Real Steel. if you haven't seen it you totally should watch  it
user1: I havent seen it!
user1: whats it about
user2: it has Hugh Jackman as the lead. 
user2: and he builds robots to fight them with this son
user1: I love how Hugh Jackman acts
user1: his a great actor
user1: and the plot sounds interesting
user2: it was actually an episode on the twilight zone before it became a movie. so it has a short of sci fyi feel to it
user1: Oh I see, interesting fact
user1: so they made it a full movie?
user2: yes
user1: cool
user2: it takes place in the fture (2020_
user2: future- 2020
user1: so in two years
user1: when was the movi made
user2: it came out in 2011, so still not far in the future
user1: Yeah, not far in the future
user1: who else is part of the cast
user1: ?
user2: dakota goyo plays his child. and evangeline lilly plays his girlfriend
user1: Oh, ok, and what about the reviews of the movie
user2: rotten tomatoes gave it 5.9/10
user1: that sounds like a low rating
user2: cinemascore gave it a A.
user1: that ones better
user1: did you like the movie?
user2: the critital response was overall pretty good. and it has a good story behind it
user2: yes, i didnt think that I would but I did.
user2: him and kid end up building a robot together. but they lose alot of fights
user1: Yeah, the plot sounds interesting enough
user1: its different
user1: what was your favorite scene?
user2: when they fight a robot named Zeus and you can see the dad doing what he was meant to do and fighting for his a son. it was a touching scene

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hello 
user1: Have you seen Real Steel?
user2: no
user1: It is a 2011 American science fiction sports film
user2: nice
user2: what actors play on the movie 
user1: Hugh Jackman plays Charlie Kenton
user2: i like the way he acts 
user1: And Dakota Goyo plays Max Kenton and Evangeline Lilly plays Bailey Tallet
user2: is it  an action base film ?
user1: Hugh is a great actor
user1: It is a sports science film kind of weird sounding lol
user2: where can i watch this film ?
user1: Its probably on dvd, amazon, or even Netflix
user1: the movie is pretty old 2011
user1: In 2020, human boxers are replaced by robots
user2: well 7 years is not that old
user2: so the movie is like an AI drama 
user1: Charlie Kenton played by Hugh Jackman is a former boxer and owns "Ambush" and loses in  a fight against bull belonging to promoter Ricky
user1: You think 
user1: Its kind of AI 
user1: Ricky rigged the fight to mess with Charlie
user2: well i ment it because of the robots 
user1: Yes, it certainly is an artificial intelligence film
user2: sounds like a fun movie 
user1: It does
user1: Charlie now has a debt to Ricky
user2: are they doing a second movie ?
user1: Probably not since the movie didn't get a very good ratings
user2: is it a disney movie ?
user1: Lots of cliched moments according to reviews, however, there were some good reviews calling it great family entertainment
user1: It is a Dreamworks movie
user2: i like Dreamworks movies 
user1: Yes, they are very good
user1: Thanks for chatting
user1: Have a great day
user2: have a great day to. 
user2: thanks

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello
user2: Have you seen Real Steel
user1: No i haven’t what is it about?
user2: Its about boxing but instead of humans of robots
user2: its really interesting actually
user1: Who plays in it?
user2: It has Hugh Jackman as onw of its main actors.
user1: Ok sounds interesting when did it come out 
user2: Also Olga Fonda, Dakota Goyo and other talented actors as well.
user2: You should, 
user2: it also has good rating
user1: Is it a newer movie?
user2: No, its from 2011 actually
user2: the movie is based on the future dough, 2020
user1: How long is the movie?
user2: Im not sure, I dont know that info
user1: Okay is hugh Hackman the star of the movie?
user2: Yeah, he is the star, do you like how he acts?
user1: Yes i like him in the wolverine movies and X-men 
user2: Yeah, I think his a great actor
user1: Does it say if there is or will be a sequel 
user2: so the movie Real Steel has a Cinema score of A
user2: and no, it doesnt have a sequel
user1: Ok not bad. What is your personal grade of the movie (A-D)
user2: I liked it. so I would say A
user2: I thought it had a good plot and also the visual effects are nice
user1: Sounds good to me. Are there any other interesting facts about the movie 
user2: Yeah, the director of the movie is Shawn Levy
user2: maybe you like one of his previous movies
user1: That name doesn’t sound familiar. Does it list any other movies  he did 
user2: No, only Real Steel, not sure of his involment in other movies
user2: The movie is based on the shot story ´´Steel´´ by Richard Matheson
user1: Would u watch it again?
user2: Yeah, I would, I thought it was fun
user1: How were the sales of the movie 
user2: actually I have watch it several times.
user2: Cant really tell about the sales of the movie
user1: Ok great thanks for the info 
user2: Ok no problem
user2: thank you

conversation:
user2: Hi, How are you?
user1: Hey hows it going
user2: What movies have you seen lately?
user1: I just saw Black Panther lol
user1: hbu
user2: What is it about?
user1: It's about a prince in Africa that leads a secret city. He is a good guy and catches the bad guys lol
user2: Wow, that sounds exciting.
user2: Who stars in it?
user1: Hmm. I'm not sure
user1: but it's the guy from the jackie robison movie
user2: When was it made?
user1: 42
user1: it was made 2018 this year
user2: That sounds great.  He was a great actor in that movie.
user1: oh haha
user1: whats your favorite movie?
user2: My favorite movie is Back to the Future
user1: oh nice
user1: I never seen it
user2: I love Michael J. Fox and Christopher Lloyd.
user1: Ah
user1: thats pretty cool
user1: I hope they come out with another Hulk movie or something
user2: The director Spielberg was amazing too.
user1: oh for sure
user2: Hulk was awesome, wonder if someone knew someone like the Hulk that made it.
user1: haha
user1: yeah huh
user2: What is your favorite movie?
user1: I like the Matrix lol
user2: Wow, that was always intriguing.
user2: Who was the star of that, do you remember?
user1: yeah it was trippy af when I saw it
user1: Keanu Reeves
user1: they gotta come out with another matrix
user2: Oh yeah, now I remember.
user1: Anyways is this all we're supposed to do? haha
user2: We need 15 turns each I think so may need a few more.
user2: Do you have any other favorites
user1: hmm
user1: I'm not really sure
user1: Marvel movies are cool
user1: I like straight outta compton
user1: lol
user2: I liked marvel movies too.
user2: They are so cool
user1: yeah
user2: fantastic ideas from stan lee too with his movies
user2: he is amazing.  
user2: I could never think so imaginatively. 
user2: What great ideas.
user2: I think we can go now!  
user1: yeah
user1: lol
user2: Have a great day
user1: alright u wanna finish this conversation? I gotta use the restroom lol
user2: yep.  see ya later.
user1: you too
user1: see ya
user2: Have a good one.
user2: bye

conversation:
user2: wow, what a picture!
user1: what picture?
user2: the one we just watched?
user1: oh haha yes. it sounds very intense
user1:  I mean, it was very intense.
user1: Did you enjoy it overall?
user2: it has  a 59 percent score on Rt, can you believe it?
user2: I enjoyed it overall much
user1: I've seen much worse scores on Rotten Tomatoes
user2: hugh jackman as charlie kenton! What a preformance. It was so nuanced.
user1: I thought he did a great job as Charlie. 
user2: 2011, what a year to combine science and sports in one film
user1: I think the premise is very interesting and different from other science fiction movies
user2: It was a dreamworks picture, how can it be! Am I dreaming? Am I working? Pour me another drink1
user1: i would think that a wide variety of people would enjoy this movie
user1: Dreamworks did a great job on this one
user2: soem critics think it was real, and had characters and it mattered who they were
user1: that's a great way to describe this movie
user2: dakota goyo, what a revelation his or her performance was!
user1: I think that it was interesting that they predicted voice control over robots, especially because it is so popular now
user2: other critics would go on to say that the sacharine gets int he way of other stuff. I'm like, you're dumb, critic. have a snickers or something
user1: some critics can be dumb
user2: overall, this is some enjoyable family entertainment. I couldn't have said it better myself.
user1: yes this is definitely suitable for a family movie
user2: human boxers replaced by robots? What a plot. I wish more things could be replaced by machines1
user1: I wonder if they would consider making a sequel to this movie that included the characters Zeus and Atom
user2: i wonder if they would still bet on hot robot action. what a way to mkae money. but is it ethical?
user1: I think that a lot of the graphics were computer animated
user2: i would hope in a sequel, that atom's voice control commands don't become damaged again
user1: i would hope they would introduce another problem to make the plot more interesting
user2: me too. see ya!

conversation:
user1: Hey, have you seen the movie Real Steel?
user2: I have not, who is in it?
user1: Hugh Jackman stars as Charlie Kenton.
user1: It is an American sci-fi movie with a sports twist. It features giant fighting robots.
user2: Who is it directed by?
user1: His name is Shawn Levy. 
user1: It got a Rotten Tomato score of 59%, what do you think about that?
user2: I don't recognize that name. I find it's always a toss up whether I agree with a rotten tomato score. I might still consider watching it.
user2: Is it a recent film?
user1: It came out in 2011. 
user1: Production began in 2010. 
user1: Filming primarily took place in Michigan. 
user2: It sounds like they were able to turn it out relatively quickly. 
user2: Do you have access to any other reviews?
user1: Yes
user2: What have other people said about it?
user1: One critical response was: "Though the premise of fighting robots does seem a intriguing concept, Real Steel is hampered by cliche moments of a stubborn boy teaching his dad leasson"
user2: Does that seem to be the general consensus? 
user1: More or less. It received a 56/100 on Metacritic, and an "A" on CinemaScore
user1: It is a movie based on robots replacing human boxers afterall
user2: Sounds wildly mediocre. Have you watched it?
user2: That is a very unusual premise for a movie. 
user1: Yes. It has a seen where the father and son use a robot named Atom to fight other robots on the way to becoming a champion. Each robot is unique and the fights take place all over.
user2: Did you enjoy the movie?
user1: Its more WWE than boxing as one critic put it. But it can be entertaining. 
user1: The boy and his dad and their robot eventually become the "People's Champion" after having to switch to manual controls. 
user1: Well Rocky it is not. But on the whole its enjoyable family entertainment
user1: Do you usually like family movies?
user2: Forgive me, but I don't really know the difference between WWE and boxing. The robots fighting style is different than what was described?
user2: It depends on the movie. If it makes me laugh then I am hooked.
user1: The robots fight in a boxing style mostly. 
user1: Do you like Hugh Jackman?
user2: We're there any funny parts in the movie?
user2: Were*
user1: Some cliched family moments. 
user2: I can't think of what else I would have seen him in.
user1: Ah. Well enjoy your day. Thanks for talking about a movie. 
user2: Likewise! Take care a

conversation:
user1: Hello! Do you have any movie suggestions?
user2: Yes, I like to recommend Real Steel which is a 2011 movie starring Hugh Jackman and Dakota Goyo.
user1: What is it about?
user2: It is based on a short story written by Richard Matheson called Steel.
user1: I'm not familiar with that short story. 
user1: What genre does the movie fall under?
user2: Sci Fi and mystery
user1: What makes it sci-fi? Are there aliens?
user2: It's about animatronic robots that were built for the film.  But it is a real movie.  There are characters and it has a compelling plot.
user1: Have you seen it before?
user2: No, I have not seen it but it has a Cinema Score of A.  The rotten tomatoes score isn't as good :(
user1: Well rotten tomatoes doesn't always accurately score movies.
user1: Based on what you know what other movies are similar to it?
user2: That's how I feel also.  There are so many good actors in it too.
user2: Oh boy, I don't have an answer for that question.  I'm not a big sci fi fan.
user1: That's okay!
user2: Okay great.  Would you like the other stars of the movie?
user1: Sure! 
user2: Hugh Jackman as Charlie Kenton, Dakota Goyo as Max Kenton, Evangeline Lilly as Bailey Tallet, Anthony Mackie as Finn and Olga Fonda as Farra Lemkova
user2: Oh, I just thought of something, someone called the movie Rocky with Robots, implying it's got a Rocky type theme to it
user1: I know who Hugh Jackman is but can you tell me more about the other actors?
user2: Dakota Goyo is a Canadian actor.  Right now this movie has been his biggest role.
user2: Evangeline Lilly is a Canadian actress and author. She came to prominence for her starring role as Kate Austen in the ABC series Lost, for which she won a Screen Actors Guild Award and received a Golden Globe Award nomination.
user1: What did they think of the movie? Do you know if they liked acting in it?
user2: I don't know that either.
user1: Ok :)
user1: Well then, would you watch this movie based on what you know?
user2: I can tell you it's based in 2020 when human robots are replaced by machines.
user1: That seems interesting considering that that is two years away.
user2: Yes but at the time of the movie it was 9 years.
user2: Is there anything else you would like to know about the movie?
user1: Do you know if it is available on any online streaming service like Netflix? Or do you just watch it on DVD?
user1: Other than that I have no other questions :)
user2: I don't know but you should be able to find that information online.

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hi
user2: I had no idea that there was a Twilight Zone episode based on the same source material as Real Steel 
user1: Me too. I’ve never heard about it.
user2: That's really neat, they could have used that in the marketing, I think it would have made it seem like something other than a Transformers knock-off
user1: Looks like this movie sound weird at the first time but it may really surprises you after watching.
user2: Since based on the rotten tomatoes/metacritic scores, it didn't do great 
user2: Do you agree with the rating?
user1: As per the movie description, sounds accurate. But It didn’t convince me.
user2: 60% seems about right, it sounds pretty average 
user1: Exactly. 
user1: I kind of disagree when they compare this movies with Rocky. Rocky is a classic and and ranked way higher than 60% in my opinion.
user2: I don't know if they were comparing the quality of it to Rocky, it's just that Rocky is most people's go-to boxing movie reference 
user1: However it sounds to me more like a WWE fights. Lol
user2: Definitely way more spectacle than normal boxing
user1: For sure. Do you know any of the actors?
user2: which makes sense that it was aimed at a younger audience, it seems
user2: Just Hugh Jackman and Evi Lilly 
user2: Oh, and Anthony Mackie, I had no idea he was in this 
user2: The plot description seems like it has a lot of the same themes as most sports movies, where it's the underdog character against the reigning champ 
user1: Yeah, more of the same story. And of course there is always a rich man that has the best robot and wants to buy everything.
user2: Right, and they have to turn him down but still win anyway 
user2: At least it sounds like the robots and the people interact in real ways together! 
user1: Adding a little bit of drama, just to give the impression of overcoming and at the end the fighter gets energy from nowhere and win the fights.
user2: Again, just pretending to be Rocky :) 
user1: Yes, but in the rocky movie there were Butkus and Mike. Hahahahahaha
user2: It's interested that the one we're meant to root for still actually loses the fight in the end, but it's still seen as a positive 
user1: Exactly. And I didn’t get the part that says “superior machine remains undefeated, but with the humiliation of being fought to a anear loss.
user1: How a win can be humiliating?
user2: That makes sense to me, it's not a total humiliation, but everyone knows that he almost lost 
user1: But he won. And doesn’t matter if it was to near loss, win a fight is what matters in that case.
user1: Was that the last update, or still have another one?
user2: I think they're trying to put less emphasis on the win, the context that surrounds it and how you fought matters more. 

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: Hi there!
user2: let's talk about this movie, shall we?
user1: Yes!  I didn't know it started as a Twilight Zone episode.
user2: Oh wow really? that's cool
user2: I've never heard of Real Steel before
user1: Yes!  It is based on a 1956 short story.  
user2: I see that, that's pretty cool.
user2: Funny enough, it says the filming took place in Michigan. That's where I'm from lol
user1: I really liked watching the robots fighting.
user2: They used animatronic robots and motion capture technology for those scenes, apparently
user1: Hugh Jackman is pretty good at this stuff, you think?
user2: amazing what hollywood can do
user2: I assume so, since the name is relatively familiar, but I don't really know who he is
user1: I don't know any of the other actors/actresses.
user2: Yeah, I know what you mean, none of the others sound familiar to me
user1: It says it is set in the year 2020.  That's right around the corner now!
user2: Wow, the genre is science and sports? what an odd combination
user1: Agreed!  It's the boxing part that qualifies for Sports, I believe.
user2: ohhh okay, i just saw the movie synopsis, makes a little more sense
user2: haha, in 2020
user1: It's funny there is a World Robot Boxing organization!  May the best programmer win!
user2: well, this movie had hopeful thinking XD
user2: HAHAHA that's hilarious. Now, where do I sign up? lol
user1: That was pretty futuristic to think all this stuff up back in the 1950s.
user1: They hadn't even had TVs for long back then.
user2: Yeah, I know what you mean. It's just funny though, to think about how advanced we thought we were going to be, and where we're actually at
user1: Wonder what a robot knockout looks like!
user2: i imagine like a table falling over
user1: They just kept getting back up!  Until Zeus' batter ies started to go dead, at least.
user1: *batteries
user2: well, if they're running on lithium ion batteries, that could be a while 
user1: LOL
user1: Depends on how much cobalt is in 'em.
user1: May the superior machine win!
user2: LOL

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hi, 
user1: Have you seen Real Steel movie?
user2: Nope! lol  Have you
user1: yeah..its good fiction movie
user2: But per the task instructions I will imagine I just watched it and talk about it.
user1: even the same goes with me... which character is best based on the script?
user2: Hey wait a minute, now that i read a little further. I have seen this film.
user1: oh..good
user1: seems its a real movie
user2: Hugh Jackman is the star of this film. If you are not familiar with him as an actor. I believe he just starred in a film call the greatest showmen on earth. I believe its was about the Ringling brothers barnum/bailey circus origins.
user1: oh.. okey
user1: is it a story of robots?
user2: Yes, its real in that Jackman is a father, who is considered a failed boxer who now fights with robots but has a run of bad luck that put him in debt and so he runs out on paying his debt to another guy.
user1: oh!!! will he be able to manage to pay in the movie?
user1: at the end?
user2: Yes, robots are at the core of the movie. Hugh Jackman know in the film as Charlie Kenton spends all his time trying to make a living fighting robots.
user1: ok..what about other characters?
user2: Charlie has a son in the film who is stubborn and Charlie himself is considered childish and selfish but ultimately the father learns valuable lessons from the son and they both become closer in the end . 
user1: how was the fight between robots
user2: Son sons name is Max. Max and Charlie have a rocky relationship because max has been raised by his mother debra all his life. However through a stroke of luck or destiny the two find an old vintage robot named Atom that brings them together. Through some crafty electrical working by max and boxing experience by Charlie, they find a way the enter max into some pretty big tournaments and win. 
user1: ok..
user1: so its about twin cities attack
user2: Ultimately they end up in the World Robot Boxing league and get chance to fight and beat a major robot known as Twin Cities. This looks like it would be a suicide mission. Complete David and Goliath situation. However Charlie notices a weak spot in Twin Cities whenever he throws a punch. Charlie figures out a way t o use that to their advantage and ultimately beats Twin Cities.
user1: ok...
user1: charlie notofication about hitch was shown very intresting
user2: Yes, charlies experience as a former boxer gave him insight into what to look for. 
user1: even zeus character was good
user2: Yes, Zeus is the greatest challenge of the film.
user2: Zeus is the global champion of all robots at this point.
user1: even the Ricky bet about $100,000 is the goodturning point
user2: the owner of zeus offered to buy atom but max was against it.
user1: yeah..when atom's vocal cords has the proble, charlie was very clever to use the shadow fuction
user2: Its amazing how many times atom gets knocked down but continues to get back up.
user2: Oh yeah. When atoms vocal cords get damaged, that when the humanistic part of this film kicks in because its up to the courage and determination of Charlie at this point and his son max.

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: hello
user2: the movie is Real Steel}
user1: did u watch the movie?
user2: no!
user2: jaja 
user2: but the selection was automatic!
user1: its a sci fi movie 
user2: Hugh Jackman as Charlie Kenton must be very good if this actor works!
user1: ok did u receive any document regarding the movie?
user2: good if you like as an actor!
user2: Real Steel​ is a 2011 American science fiction sports film starring Hugh Jackman and Dakota Goyoand co-produced and directed by Shawn Levy for DreamWorks Pictures. The film is based on theshort story "Steel", written by Richard Matheson, which was originally published in the May 1956edition of The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction, and later adapted into a 1963 Twilight Zoneepisode. Real Steel was in development for several years before production began on June 24,2010. Filming took place primarily in the U.S. state of Michigan. Animatronic robots were built forthe film, and motion capture technology was used to depict the brawling of computer-generatedrobots and animatronics.
user1: the movie was average
user1: story is not good
user1: as we expected
user2: that depends on what kind of movies you like!
user1: even the rating was average
user1: what?
user1: hello
user2: I mean that to me in general it seems a good plot according to what I could read
