wiki document:
cast:
Fionn Whitehead as Tommy, a British Army private
Whitehead was cast in the lead after a secretive auditioning process lasting several months. His character was named after the slang term for the ordinary British soldier.
Tom Glynn-Carney as Peter, Mr Dawson's son
Jack Lowden as Collins, a Royal Air Force Spitfire pilot
Harry Styles as Alex, a private in the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
Styles won the role after auditioning against hundreds of candidates, when Nolan was unaware of his renown as a singer.
Aneurin Barnard as "Gibson", a French soldier masquerading as a British Army private.

critical response:
surrounds his audience with chaos and horror from the outset, and amazing images and dazzlingly accomplished set pieces on a huge 70mm screen, particularly the pontoon crammed with soldiers extending into the churning sea, exposed to enemy aircraft
an impressionist masterpiece' that was 'deeply moving' but without 'manufactured sentimentality or false heroics.
There's little doubt that [Nolan] has, without sentimentality or sanctimony, raised that genre to the level of art...with the resonant force of an enduring screen classic.
 'tight, gripping, deeply involving and unforgettable ... triumph in filmmaking
 '[Dunkirk] is 106 clamorous minutes of big-screen bombast that's so concerned with its own spectacle and scale that it neglects to deliver the most crucial element drama.

director:
Christopher Nolan

genre:
War

introduction:
Dunkirk is a 2017 war film written, directed, and co-produced by Christopher Nolan that depicts World War II's Dunkirk evacuation. Dunkirk portrays the evacuation from three perspectives: land, sea, and air. It has little dialogue, since Nolan sought to create suspense from cinematography and music. Filming began in May 2016 in Dunkirk and ended that September in Los Angeles, when post-production began. Cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema shot the film on IMAX 65 mm and 65 mm large format film stock. Dunkirk has extensive practical effects, using thousands of extras, boats that participated in the evacuation, and period aeroplanes.

movie name:
Dunkirk

rating:
Rotten Tomatoes: 92% and average: 8.6/10
Metacritic Score: 94/100
CinemaScore: A-

year:
2017

description:
In 1940, during the fall of France, hundreds of thousands of Allied soldiers have retreated to Dunkirk. Tommy, a young British private, is the sole survivor of a German ambush. At the beach, he finds thousands of troops awaiting evacuation and meets Gibson, who is burying a body. After a German dive-bomber attack, they find a wounded man. They rush his stretcher onto a hospital ship, but are denied passage themselves. The ship is sunk by dive-bombers; Tommy saves Alex, another soldier. They leave at night on a destroyer, which is sunk by a torpedo from a U-Boat. Gibson saves Tommy and Alex, and they are brought ashore by a rowing boat. The British navy requisitions civilian vessels that can get close to the beach. In Weymouth, Mr. Dawson and his son Peter set out on his boat Moonstone rather than let the navy take it. Impulsively, their teenage friend George joins them. At sea, they rescue a shell-shocked officer from a wrecked ship. When he realises that Dawson is sailing for Dunkirk, the officer demands that they turn back, and tries to wrest control of the boat; in the struggle, George suffers a head injury that renders him blind. 
Tommy, Alex and Gibson join a group of Scottish soldiers and hide inside a trawler until the tide rises. Its owner, a Dutch mariner, returns. German troops shoot at the boat for target practice; when the tide rises, water enters through the bullet holes. Alex, hoping to lighten the boat's load, accuses Gibson, who has been silent, of being a spy and demands that he leave. Gibson reveals he is French; he had stolen the identity of the soldier he buried, hoping to evacuate with the British. Alex, Tommy and the Scottish soldiers abandon the fishing boat when it begins to sink. Gibson is entangled in a chain and drowns. Alex and Tommy swim towards a nearby destroyer, but it is sunk by a bomber. The Moonstone manoeuvres to take on troops, including Alex and Tommy. Peter realises that George is dead; when asked by the shell-shocked officer, he lies that George will be fine. Farrier shoots down the bomber, which crashes and ignites the oil slick from the sinking destroyer. Peter reveals to Collins that his elder brother was a Hurricane pilot, killed early in the war.  
At the beach, Commander Bolton watches the last British soldiers leave. He confirms that 300,000 have been evacuated, ten times more than estimated. He remains to oversee the evacuation of the French rearguard. Alex and Tommy cross the English Channel and board a train in Weymouth. Dawson is congratulated for having saved so many men. The shell-shocked officer sees George's body being carried away. Peter visits the local newspaper with a photograph of George; a front-page article later commends George as a hero. Alex expects public scorn as the train approaches Woking, but they receive a hero's welcome. Tommy reads out Winston Churchill's address to the nation from a newspaper. 

conversation:
user2: Hi:  The movie dunkirk has a very unique back story.
user1: Hi there! I agree. I haven't seen it, but it looks like it has great reviews and ratings.
user2: Yes, the director really surrounded his audience with chaos and horror.  The 65MM film gave it a real feel.
user1: I'm very surprised that Harry Styles was cast in such a high-profile role given his background as a singer. Since Nolan didn't know about this, I'm happy his opinion wasn't swayed. 
user2: Yes, and similarly the lead actor was hired after a secretive auditioning process.  How wonderful it would be to finish months of casting auditions, and win the lead role.
user1: Very true! Without much dialogue, it really goes to show that the acting was brilliant. It really took the film to the level of art.

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: hey
user2: have you Dunkirk?
user2: seen?
user1: no what is that?
user2: its the movie we need to discuss
user1: then discuss cause I have nt seen it. but I see christopher nolan directed it
user2: Yep, my Favourite director
user1: it seems dunkirk was his latest project and has gotten high marks across the board
user2: I have a watched all his movies but missed out in this one
user2: yep appreciated critically and commercially 
user1: after this movie DUNKIRK. I wonder why he hasnt been more mainstream
user2: frankly his movies have got lot more meaning and are more fun at the same time
user1: make me really want to figure out what other films besides DUNKIRK that he also did besides DUNKIRK.
user2: The batman series, Interstellar, Inception
user2: just to name a few
user1: are we allowed to do that? I mean it is kind of to stay on topic when both of us havent seen dunkirk
user2: so its a war movie?
user1: well then...after rewatching his first batman move i felt that he took inspirations for the first batman animation series cause the way the night life were. it was almsot always dark and yellow
user1: yes
user2: i heard the movies is depressing in here?
user1: well..it is a war film don't know how you can make it light hearted and they have germany  so...
user2: yea thats true, also Nolan isnt known for his sense of humour
user1: oh just remmbered why 1940 was so captivating. it was the start of WWII so...thats makes it even more depressing
user2: The critics have given it a rave reviews, and it has a good chance at he oscars
user1: of course I havent' caught on to what style nolan has, like michael bay and tim burton all have their styles
user2: True that
user1: I dont liike the actor in interstellar, that matthew guy. somesthing off about him
user2: there Tom Hardy, Harry styles
user1: tom hardy a director? when that happened?
user2: No the Actor
user1: yyep exactly is he good?
user1: fwfwfwfw
user1: hello?

conversation:
user1: Hi.
user2: Hello, have you seen the movie Dunkirk?
user1: Not yet, have you?
user2: It is written and directed by Christopher Nolan.
user2: I have not, but I am very interested.
user1: I did notknow he wrote it.
user2: He filmed it on a unique format film stock as well, so it's especially suited for something like an IMAX experience
user1: I wonder if it is still in theaters?
user1: It came out a while back now.
user1: I think..
user2: I do not think so. And without it, there are several critical responses as well because it does not have any sentimentality
user1: Oh so are you saying some critics didn't like it?
user2: Yes. It got a really high score on Rotten Tomatoes, but there are several other who criticize it for being overwhelming
user1: hmm. do you how what it's rating on rotten tomatoes is?
user2: Both overwhelming in the cinimatics while not providing any one character to get attached to
user1: Probably more driven by the action.
user2: It is about a nearly impossible evacuation, and you see all three types of assistance - naval, air, and land
user1: It is based on what truly happened at dunkirk, right?
user2: Yes. It is very true to the story.
user1: I am always hesitant to see very real war related movies.
user1: It is a lot to handle.
user2: There are a few characters who get names, like Mr. Dawson and his sons Peter and George, who set out on a boat to help, but few characters who get followed throughout
user1: So very different from nolan's batman.
user2: Very much so. While it seems Dunkirk may have been a technical success, you do not walk away feeling like it
user1: Any known actors in dunkirk?
user2: There is commander Bolton, who confirms that the 300,000 have been evacuated. It was ten times more than had been hoped for
user1: Who plays him?
user2: Mr Dawson gets acknowledgement for having saved so many men
user2: Hmmm.. That I do not know
user1: These names are unknown to me.
user2: Ahh, I do see it here. Does Aneurin Barnard ring a bell? 
user1: Hmm , no.
user1: I am surprised there is no big name star.
user2: I'm looking at the list of the biggest roles, and they are not stars. But that goes with the anonymity of all of the characters really
user1: Maybe it is a comment on war itself.
user2: Hehe, I see it of course ends with an article being read, written by Churchill. 
user2: So many movies and shows involving Churchill lately!
user1: Interesting. 
user1: yes it does seem that way.
user1: I guess you have to watch dunkirk than darkest hour.

conversation:
user1: Dunkirk seems interesting
user2: It is, it's about a historical event that happened during WWII
user2: It got excellent reviews from Rotten Tomatoes 
user1: Yeah those are some very high ratings
user1: Do you like war movies?
user2: I love war movies, especially ones based on historical events
user2: are you familiar with the premise of Dunkirk?
user1: I am not
user2: It was about a failed attack where British and Candian soldiers were trapped 
user2: they had to pull all available boats including civilian vessels to help all the troops escape
user1: Yeah seems pretty intense
user2: it was, with no help, lots of soldiers attempted to flee as fast as they could
user1: Crazy stuff
user1: Moonstone seems like an interesting name for a boat
user2: it is, but everyone has their own preference 
user1: Huh why is Gibson pretending to be a British Army private
user2: with all that's going on, i think you will do whatever you need to try and escape the madness
user1: I see. So he wants to escape too
user2: absolutely 
user2: you can see just about everyone does anything, hiding, figuring ways to get out
user1: That's pretty sad huh
user2: fight or flight sometimes, young kids fighting a war they know not much about
user1: Everyone just wants to live
user2: agreed, the terrors are war are long forgotten as heros are always celebrated for victories
user1: True true
user2: just like the solider being pulled out of the water
user1: It seems the evacuation was a success here
user2: it was, they were able to save enough lives to fight another war
user2: or should i say battle
user1: Hmm. it's sad lives become trivialized. they become another resource to exploit for the country
user1: Anyways thank you for discussing the movie with me
user2: yes but a good watch to really understand, thank you

conversation:
user2: Hi there!
user1: Hello
user2: how are you doing?
user1: I'm good and you?
user2: doing fine. so what do you want know?
user1: Well we are talking about the movie Dunkirk it seems. I have never seen it but I have heard it is good. Have you seen it?
user2: Yes I have and I enjoyed it
user1: That's good. Was the movie fast paced?
user2: In most moments yes.
user1: Do you feel they relied too much on special effects though?
user2: Not, it feels very real.
user1: Who was your favorite character in the movie?
user2: I really liked Alex
user1: Why is that?
user2: He was a complex character. Not straight up good guy or bad guy.
user1: Do you feel the movie had a fitting ending or was it a cliffhanger?
user2: As an historical drama there was little chance for a cliffhanger. So it ended well.
user1: That's good. Do you feel that all the characters were well developed?
user2: No. The "Gibson" character could have been better developed.
user1: What about casting choices? Were the actors all pretty decent for their character roles?
user2: They were, with some surprises like Harry Styles making the cast.
user1: Do you feel they were pretty accurate with the props and clothing for the time period portrayed since it was a historical drama? 
user2: Yes. Not only in the military side, but also in regards to the characterization of civilian life.
user1: What was your favorite part of the whole movie?
user2: The scene where Tommy, Alex and Gibson hide inside a trawler.
user1: okay
user2: are you interested in watching the film?
user1: Alex seems like a really cool character. Especially with all the realism described.
user1: so yes I am interested

conversation:
user1: Hey!
user2: Hi have you seen Dunkirk?
user1: No I haven't
user1: What is it about?
user2: Its a war movie directed by Christopher Nolan. Its an awesome film.
user1: Oh cool, what war?
user2: World  War II. It's intense. Not a lot of dialogue though.
user1: Is it a long movie?
user2: Its an hour and 46 minutes long but its so amazing you don't realize how long it is.
user1: Oh that's not even that long
user1: Are there any well-known actors in it?
user2: No and the way it's filmed is very impressive as well.
user1: Is it similar to any other movie?
user2: Do you want to see it?
user1: yeah, I like war movies
user1: What year did the movie come out?
user2: I was mistaken. Harry Styles is in this movie.
user1: I didn't know he was an actor!
user1: Is he any good?
user2: It came out last year 2017.
user1: Nice
user1: I will have to see it!
user2: Yes actually he's good. I was surprised
user1: Did he have a big role in the movie?
user2: Most definitely worth it. Like I said its intense so you are in for a ride.
user1: yeah definitely 
user1: So tell me more about the movie
user2: He did. What's crazy is he auditioned and got the part and Nolan didn't know he was a famous singer.
user1: No way, really?!
user2: Its based on Dunkirk's evacuation during WWII.
user2: Do you enjoy action movies?

conversation:
user2: hey
user2: I have seen this Dunkirk
user1: Christopher Nolan is a good director for these types of movies.
user2: It was awesome and yes Nolan is best
user2: 2017 film based on war
user1: I haven't seen the movie yet, but hear the action scenes are quite realistic.
user2: must see, I suggest
user2: why there are critics always criticizing 
user1: I think it will win some awards.
user2: It might have, have to check google
user2: its rating is 8.6 which is awesome
user1: A 94 is a really good score considering metacritic is really hard on movies.
user2: yup
user1: I didn't know that it was shot on IMAX film.
user2: what's that
user1: IMAX screens are large screens in specialty theaters. They're like 3 stories tall.
user2: IMAX 65 mm
user2: oh...
user2: will look after while, will read about it
user1: How was Harry Styles? Did you recognize him when you saw it?
user2: no, I don't remember much
user1: I like that they're making war pictures like this again.
user2: yes, I too
user1: Did you think the movie was accurate to the history?
user2: May be, but can't say with full confidence as have to look for history first
user2: or have to read what Nolan thought making this movie
user1: The way I learned it in school, the British could have lost the war right there if they had been wiped out at Dunkirk.
user2: oh, 
user2: lucky one
user1: Who was your favorite actor from the cast?
user2: The one who was shown in the train in the last scene.
user2: they were fearing they might not be appreciated but opposite was peoples reaction
user1: Is it worth watching on streaming?
user2: You should must watch in some good print.
user2: U will love it 
user2: since you are more familiar with UK history, you will like it the most
user2: but depends on your taste of genre
user1: Was there German submarines in it too? I love some U-Boat action as well.
user2: No, but air combat is shown from start to end
user2: better watch than get the clue. lol
user2: filming began in May 2016 and ended in sept. WOW!!!
user1: There's probably a lot of green screen and special effects that goes into a movie like this.
user2: yes
user2: lets finish conversation
user2: I can see this option now
user2: happy chatting
user1: OK, nice talking to you.

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: hey
user1: Have you seen Dunkirk?
user2:  no,not yet
user1: Are you familiar with Christopher Nolan?
user2: yes
user1: He co-produced it.
user2: great director
user1: I think he shot it in 65 mm large format...which is rare these days.
user2: wht is the genere of the movie
user2: is it action or drama
user1: Both, but mostly action.
user2: what is the story plot
user1: WWII
user2: itkes us to history
user1: Follows the story of a private who retreats with thousands of others to the beach of Dunkirk awaiting rescue.
user2: rescue from ?
user1: The war is over but not everybody knows it yet.
user2: it seems like postwar story
user1: Just at the end...they have a tough time getting off the beach.
user1: They get really lucky several times.
user1: It is pretty intense.  In one scene they are hiding out in a trawler that is beached and decide to wait in it for high tide.
user2: is their any adventure like huge animals in the movie
user1: No huge animals.  Some of the enemy forces decide to take target practice on the trawler and when the tide finally comes in...it nearly sinks.
user1: Ships keep coming in to rescue them but the lines are ridiculous.
user2: finally they got a ship to get out of the place right
user1: I think it is historically correct.  In the end, more than 300000 are rescued.
user1: They get on several ships, one is torpedoed and sinks and they escape through a hatch.
user2: it seems like movie titanic at the end
user2: some are sinking and ships are damaged,people are fighting for survival
user1: A big sigh of relief...kind of like Titanic.  They do eventually get rescued...although not all of them:)
user2: it has war scenes or only posrwar scenes
user1: War scenes...more like just following these guys and their experiences and what people would do to escape (assume dead, pretend to be from another country)
user1: Civilians are sent to rescue most of them on family owned fishing vessels.
user1: At one point there is a large oil slick on the water and it gets ignited and causes a pretty graphic scene.
user2: seems intresting,who is the lead actor,this is the last question
user1: Fionn Whitehead plays Tommy, the British Army private I told you about.
user1: See it for the special effects.
user2: yes,I will
user1: Oh and the scenery.
user2: its nice to have chat with u,have a good day
user1: Much like Titanic, critics called it a masterpiece.  Good day!
user2: bye

conversation:
user2: Hi there
user1: Hi, I just saw Dunkirk
user2: You did? I have wanted to see that since I first heard about it. How was it?
user1: I don't like war movies. 
user2: Was the acting any good?
user2: hello?
user1: Yeah, acting is good but the effects are better. However, I don't like war movies and can't recommend it, even though it is a visual feast. 
user2: are you  not recommending it just because you personally don't like war movies or for another reason?
user1: I also like dialogue. But there is little of that. It's mostly an action flick. 
user2: so if I like war movies, it sounds like this one has a lot of action and good acting, I would like it?
user2: was it a long movie?
user1: Maybe. It's also very "artsy", something critics like. If you like going to museums and looking at meaningless stuff then maybe. If not, stay home.
user2: was it graphic, like lots of blood and guts?
user2: can you respond a little quicker please
user1: Yes. Graphic. Little dialogue. Visually gripping but pretentious like an impressionist painting.
user2: how are impressionist paintings pretentious? 
user1: That is my impression. 
user2: were there any famous actors or actresses in it?
user1: It's not long though. 106 minutes,
user2: ok, that is pretty short for a war movie
user2: have you heard any reviews of it?
user1: No one famous in it. Fionn Whoitehead. Never heard of him bbefore. Jack Lowden
user1: Great reviews from critics. But critics like artsy stuff. They were deeply moved. 
user2: Is it better than Saving Private Ryan?
user1: I didn't like that one either. So even.
user2: How was the soundtrack?
user1: I don't recall There was a lot of sound, but mostly of war. If you see it, go to a cinema with a great sound system. 
user2: Do you remember who directed it?
user1: You definitely need surround sound.
user1: Chirstopher Nolan directed. Is he any good?
user2: I think he is
user2: Where was it filmed?
user1: It's set in France. WWII. It's about the British Army. Churchill makes an appearance.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi
user1: Have you seen this movie?
user2: Which movie?
user1: Dunkirk! Do you have the same info on the left of the page?
user2: nothing
user1: Really? Ok, weird. 
user1: Well, have you seen Dunkirk yet?
user2: I am chatting on the left of the page.  The right side is blank
user2: No, I have not seen that move
user2: Have you?
user1: Oh, my chat is on right and have a movie desription on the left. 
user2: Am I doing something wrong?
user1: I have not seen it yet but supposed to be ok but not great. It is an interesting story but they took a lot of libertoes from what I have heard.
user1: It is based on a true story which I generally love.
user2: Libertoes?  I am not familiar with that term.  Can  you explain it to me or is it a typo?
user1: Lol, liberties! They exagerated many parts of the movie!
user2: Is it based on a true story then?
user1: It says on my page that it has little dialogue in the movie and creates suspence from music and cinematography.
user1: Yes, it is based on a true story.
user2: Well then, I guess that is understandable.  They need to keep the audience's attention without focusing on a story line
user1: From what I heard it is basically about a bunch of civilians using boats to save soldiers.
user2: It would seem as it cinematography is reverting to the day so the silent films, such as the Charlie Chaplin movies.
user1: Yes! I am not really a fan of that but to each their own I guess.
user2: Well, art is constantly changing, so I guess they have to find something new to present
user2: But I think the concept, in this day and age, is rather interesting, not to mention refreshing
user1: That is true! Depending how well it is done, it can be really good. I just heard this movie stunk.
user1: It does say on my page though that it has a rotten tomato rating of 92% which is pretty good so maybe I am wrong.
user2: What the critics like and what the fans like are generally two different things
user1: Yes, very much so. Do you have a favorite genre?
user2: Romance comedy.
user2: I makes me still believe in love
user2: I = It
user2: It is better than reality
user1: Yes, me too. My favorite as well. I am a sucker for those kind of movies. Dunkirk I guess has a love element to it too.
user2: Love has many manifestations, so it is a romantic kind of love?
user1: I think more a love of country, man and friendship.
user1: Feel like I read about a woman waiting for her husband but now don't see it. Might be worth watching but I may never.
user1: One review says it is missing drama!
user1: Hello?
user2:  i am here
user2: Drama produces suspense
user2: Other than action and special effects, what else is there to watch?
user1: The critical responses say that it is "deeply moving" and "tight, gripping, deeply involving and unforgettable"
user1: There is only one negative review given.
user1: Maybe I am just not a war movie person.

conversation:
user1: Did you enjoy this movie?
user2: I did.  There were moments where I found it pretty boring, but I think all in all it was pretty decent.  What about you?
user1: I may be biased because I really enjoy any type of war movies but I loved it!
user1: Would you say you agreed with the ratings given by various movie reviewing cites?
user2: I think so, yeah.  I couldn't find any glaring problems with it.  
user1: Do you typically agree with movie ratings?
user2: I think it's 50/50, generally.  Sometimes they're spot on, sometimes they just seem completely wrong.  
user2: Especially Rotten Tomatoes.  How do you feel about ratings?
user1: I agree, I try not to go use ratings as a deciding factor on whether or not I go see a movie.
user1: I feel like I would miss movies I would enjoy if I only used ratings to decide what to see.
user2: Sometimes I'll default to checking ratings if it's a movie I don't know much about.  If it gets really low (like 10% or less), I'll definitely skip it.  But there's been 3 or 4 that ended up actually being really good.  
user2: What did you think of the authenticity of the film?
user1: It is tough for me to judge authenticity since I haven't actually experienced war, but it felt very real to me. 
user1: I was surprised by Harry Styles' performance.
user1: Did you know he could act?
user2: Nope, I had absolutely no idea.  Honestly, I didn't even know who he was until I just researched him.  Considering the band he's from, I'm even more surprised.
user1: I agree. I would've thought he would've ruined the character, but he did a good job as Alex.
user2: How gripping of a character was George for you, and the whole blindness/death that happens?
user1: I liked George's character a lot and was disappointed when he died. I also thought it was smart that they did not tell the rescued officer that he died.
user1: What did you think of the moments when Gibson revealed his true identity?
user2: In retrospect, it almost seems like a continuation of the whole "The French are cowards!" motif.  How did you feel about it?
user1: I didn't even think of that, but I absolutely agree!
user2: Did you think that the civilians that took their boat to rescue the troops were brave?  Did you think they were foolish?
user1: If it was me, I don't think I could've done it. But it was very brave of them!
user2: I agree.  There's no way I could do something like that, I don't think.  Especially considering the repercussions.  
user1: What did you think about the hero's welcome the soldiers received? Were you surprised - like Alex was?
user2: I was, and I enjoyed that part.  Especially when you compare it with other films that document, say, the return from Vietnam.  I like that films document how important public opinion of wars are, and especially that Dunkirk's opinion of the British soldiers was positive rather than negative.
user1: I agree, public reaction is very important in understanding the implications of the war.
user2: Some people view Churchill has a savior.  Other people view him as a shrewd phony.  How did his portrayal in the film match up to your opinion of him?
user1: I would say I fall in the middle of those two descriptions of Churchill. I don't know that I could call him a savior, but I wouldn't go out of my way to dismiss him either. I was fine with the way he was portrayed.
user1: I will say I am glad the focus was not too much on him, as that would've taken away from the movie for me.
user1: How did you feel about the lack of dialogue? 
user2: Honestly, I don't think I noticed it that much.  Which I think might say a lot because generally I would notice there being an absence of it.  And it still felt like a complete story - there weren't parts that felt like they were missing or anything.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello?

conversation:
user1: hello have you seen dunkirk the movie?
user1: hi are you there?
user2: yes, i have. have you?
user1: ya I saw it in the teater it was pretty good
user1: im not big on the director but I thought it was good
user1: what was your favorite part of the experience as a whole?
user2: i liked the cinematography and music a lot. i like more dialogue-heavy movies overall though
user2: i really liked the colors/cinematography, the way it was shot was my favorite part. what about you?
user1: yes pretty well presented
user1: I liked the special effects 
user1: who was your favorite character would you say?
user2: i like harry styles a lot but his character was kind of mean. 
user1: I really appreciated the added clarity from the film being shot in imax it was intense
user1: were you scared?
user2: i didn't see it in imax, but i can definitely see how that would help the artistic value of the film.
user2: the part where they were all in the ship kind of scared me. a lot of huge noises.
user2: it's definitely a scary situation, from all three plots.
user1: so are you pretty big into war movies?
user2: no, i don't typically watch them. dunkirk was the first war movie i've seen in a long time. you?
user1: did you look into the rating at all before you watched it?
user1: ya I love war movies
user2: i heard it was critically acclaimed, but i didn't investigate a ton past that.
user1: ya I had no idea.  did that review excite you?
user1: about seeing it?
user2: so did you think gibson was a spy at first during that scene?
user1: I had a feeling something was up
user1: but I didnt think spy at first
user2: i didn't really read any reviews on it, just through word of mouth mostly
user2: yeah, they were probably just trying to find someone to blame and he was easiest because he didn't talk at all
user1: which is better wwII movie dunkirk or shindlers list?
user2: i've actually never seen schiendler's list. it really warmed my heart when they made the guy george a hero in the newspaper.
user2: i also liked the ending on the train.
user1: my favorite was the part where the guy found his brother had died though it nwas super emotional
user2: yeah that was really sad. the whole movie was pretty sad
user1: I guess thats how you get awards
user1: speaking of which no shortage there on this movie
user2: yes definitely
user1: I think the critics were right 
user1: yes definitely

conversation:
user2: helo
user1: Hello, Dunkirk has a 92 on Rotten Tomatoes.
user2: yes
user1: Christopher Nolan directed it. You should see it.
user2: u watch that
user2: yes i watched 
user1: It's a war movie.
user2: oh war
user2: Interesting 
user2: WHICH YEAR RELEASE 
user1: Critics call it a masterpiece
user1: 2017
user2: nice
user2: who is hero
user1: Allied forces 
user2: okok 
user1: Allied  forces are trying to evacuate Dunkirirk
user1: CinemaScore is A-
user2: hm k
user2: how many time u watched 
user1: I watched it once.
user1: It's about how the trapped British  escaped Dunkirk.
user2: hm kk
user1: The British requisitioned civilian ships to escape. You should watch it.
user2: ok sure
user1: 300,000 soldiers were evacuated
user2: oh good 
user2: big film'
user1: Dunkirk is only 106 minutes long.
user2: oh short time 
user2: very interesting 
user1: They had to cross the English Channel.
user1: Yes the movie is interesting

conversation:
user2: Hi
user2: Have you seen this movie?
user1: Hi I thought Fionn Whitehead was excellent
user1: yes
user2: I agree! 
user1: Did you like harry styles?
user2: Yes his role was very good
user1: it was a bit gory for my taste
user2: I like that myself
user2: I loved all the action in this movie
user1: the action was excellent
user1: the U-boat was realistic
user2: Yes it was I loved when the ship blew up and how close they were to being killed
user1: it was great acting and special effects
user2: Yes agree. What did you think about how there was a lot of talking through out the movie?
user2: Wasn’t a lot of talking. 
user1: I like that a great deal
user2: I did too. It made it feel more intense for me.
user1: the movie got good reviews too
user2: Yes it did. Did you feel a lack of drama from it? 
user1: not at all when the soldiers were using the boat for target practice it was very dramatic
user2: Right although some said the movie lacked on it.
user1: Well I think Nolan did  a wonderful job as director
user2: I think so too. I felt so sorry for George when he was blinded by that soldier.
user1: oh so did I
user1: and the reading of churchill's address was moving
user2: Yes it was
user1: It was terrible when George died
user2: I thought it was great how they were recognized as hero’s 
user2: Yes it was
user1: Zed was a hero!
user2: He was hailed a hero as well I thought that was fitting
user1: Me too
user2: Recognized as heroes 

conversation:
user2: what is the name of the movie
user1: Dunkirk
user1: It is a 2017 movie showing the evacuation of the British from Dunkirk
user1: Generally the critics seemed to like it
user2: sounds interested what kind of genre is the movie,
user1: It is a war movie
user1: Set in WWII
user2: i like history and war movie 
user1: I do too, this one seems to get good reivews
user2: sounds good and is not old
user1: No it came out last year
user2: are some famous actors involved ?  
user1: It has Fionn Whliehead, Tom Glynn-Camey, Jack Lowden Harry Styles and Aneuin Barnard, I don't really know any of them
user2: i cant remember i know them too
user2: some new generations ? 
user1: Maybe, not sure, they may be from the UK
user1: I don't know them
user2: yea its possible to be form UK 
user2: have you watch the movie ? 
user1: Yeah, they game me new info, it looks like hte movie follows a soldier who is trying to evacuate and keeps narrowly escaping getting killed
user1: No I have not seen it, have you?
user2: no 
user1: Sounds like it might be pretty good, the say it has a lot of action in it
user2: yea sounds interesting  
user2: lets see what they have made! 
user1: Sounds good to me
user1: oh I got new info on it, looks like they rescue more peopel they then thought they would
user1: I belive it is based on history
user2: you think is based on a true story ?
user1: Yes, it is
user1: based on a true story
user1: It was in 1940 
user2: i like true story movie 
user2: i will get it and see what they have made.
user2: thanks :D 
user1: I do to, as long they keep them close to the turth and dont over do it
user1: Yeah we can see what htey maide

conversation:
user1: Hi!
user2: Hi how do rate this movie
user1: I thought it was okay. What did you think?
user2: That’s how I felt. Although it did have some good scenes in it.
user1: What was your favorite scene? 
user2: I liked the ship blowing up the science where the soldier blinded George.
user2: Scene not science. Sorry!
user2: How about you?
user1: Do you think the title actually matched the film? No worries about misspellings!

conversation:
user1: Hi
user1: I am here to talk about the movie Dunkirk.
user1: Have u watched it?
user2: hi
user2: yes i watched
user1: Did u like the movie?
user2: i liked 
user1: It's a 2017 WAR movie directed by Christopher Nolan.
user1: Well as per the task,  I was meant to persuade you to watch the movie.
user1: But u have already watched it, what shall we do now?
user2: how you will feel
user1: It's a good war movie. Rotten tomatoes has given it 8.6/10 as rating.
user1: would you like it watch it again if had an option, it has good star cast as well. Flonn whitehead, Jack Lowden etc.
user1: Are you there bro?
user2: yes i there
user1: But not conversing at all...
user1: If u had a chance, will you watch it gain?
user1: again?
user2: yes i have to watch again
user2: but intersting story
user1: It's a World war II movie on evacuating soldiers from the city of Dunkirk.
user1: I love war movies
user1: How about you?
user2:  i am also love
user1: where you from by the way?
user2: who is win the war
user1: The movie uses that periods aeroplanes and boats into good use.
user1: England, America, France Win and Germany Lost... 
user1: But this movie just concentrated on evacuation from Dunkirk  soldiers..
user2: thesre metrials using now
user1: Did you really watch the main movie?
user1: Ok good,
user1: So you going to watch this movie right?
user1: Are you there bro?
user2: yes i watched some doubts are there i have to see clearly
user1: Oh ok... you can ask me any questions you may have about the movie.... I am sure you will love it.
user2: ok to whome and to whome it happened
user2: are you there bro
user1: It happened to British Soldiers who were trapped in Dunkirk helpless and enemy was firing on them 
user1: Dunkirk is in Germany
user1: Please watch the movie, you will love it.
user1: Can we end this chat now?
user2: oh  but war is not final solution bro
user2: yes bro
user1: Yes, I know... It is a period drama based on World War 2.
user1: No way WAR is solution for anything... Everything can be resolved with TALKS.
user1: So you are going to watch the movie right?
user2: yes bro nice to talk to you   thank you
user1: Good. It was nice talking to you too. Thank you.
user1: Bye.
user2:  bye

conversation:
user2: Hi Dunkirk seems like it is a good movie. I haven't seen it yet
user1: Yes, I agree. I'm planing to see it this Saturday. Do you know whats it about ?
user2: Work war two I think. It's directed by Christopher Nolan so it ought to be good.
user1: Yes, I also like that it portrays the events from three different perspectives. Do you usually watch movies only based on their rating ?
user2:  Rotten Tomatoes rating? They usually have a good rating. Ratings in general I don't pay a lot of attention to. It says there is not much discussion or talking in the actual movie with more focus on the action and photography. That ought to be interesting.
user1: Yes, do you think you would like a movie without much talking ? It says that the director focuses on creating suspense.
user2: I think so because he is using music also so that will hold interest. And if the action is good and evacuation in war is sad but probably a good thing too if it means saving people so good photography and music would do it I think
user1: I agree.  Also there is a wide variety of effects and the director used thousands of extras just to make everything believable and real.
user2: yes. the actors ought to be good. I'm not familiar with the work of all of them but I think they'll work. the  filming started in Dunkirk so that ought to have a good background for the story. 
user1: Yes. the cast looks good and consists of actors that can really act. Also Tom Glynn-Carney stars who I really like.
user2: Wow. it sounds like it has  a lot of action in it. Probably took a toll on the actors.
user1: I feel that the story about the British solider (Tommy) is really exciting. He has a big heart and is always trying to help everybody
user2: Yes, he sounds like the hero of the story. the review does say it doesn't have false herocis
user1: Do you like movies that have a lot of suspense in them or do you prefer they go straight to the point ?
user2: I like dramas and suspense is good. Not keen on war movies but if the photography and story work then yeah, they are good
user1: I really like war films. Not that much interested in the story as long as the visuals are good and it's historically accurate.
user2: Yes, we need to remember the stories as best we can without manufacturing them. it does sound like this one doesn't disappoint with the acttion
user1: Did you like the story about Tommy, Alex and Gibson ?
user2: Where they get saved? Yes, I haven't seen it yet but that does sound like a point that pulls the movie together.
user1: It's also a really sad ending. But I think thats what you get from war in general. There is so much sadness, pain and destruction.
user2: Yeah, that's the bad thing but it is war. Looks like they did a fire scene too with the oil slick that ignites.
user1: The purpose of all that in my opinion is to warn this generation that war should be avoided at all costs.
user2: If that would happen it would be a good thing. It says they had thousands of extras. Must of cost some money
user1: I think I would really enjoy the scene where Bolton watches the last British soldier leave. It will be truly a heart warming scene
user2: I read that and was thinking the same thing.And the evacuated 300,000.
user1: Do you like movies with happy ending ?
user2: Yeah of course. But I don't like real sappy ones. That's good they receive a hero's welcome. that ought to cheer up the movie a bit.
user1: Yes, I think that people would feel happy when they leave the theaters. 
user1: Yep good conversation, see you soon !

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: hi
user2: how r u?
user1: I'm good, how r u?
user2: m good thanks
user1: How was the movie?
user2: movie was good
user1: What is the name of it?
user2: it is Dunkirk
user1: What is it about?
user2: it is about the evacuation in world war ii
user2: it is directed by Christopher Nolan
user1: who is the main character
user2: do u know the director?
user1: No
user2: main character is Tommy
user1: Nevr heard of him
user2: he is a good director
user1: I see. What is the most compelling moment in the film?
user2: compelling moment is it shows how even survival is a win in those hard circumstances
user1: Ahh...who is (are) the antagonist(s)  in the movie?
user2: it is on world war 2 so german army
user1: I wondered if it was told from a different perspective. 
user2: it shows evacuation on land, sea and air
user1: Did you have a fave character?
user2: no
user1: Would you watch it over again?
user2: actually it is an ensemble cast
user2: yes i would
user1: Would you pay for five people to go and see it in theaters?
user2: depends who are those 5 people
user1: ahaha. Okay. Thanks. 
user2: would u watch it?
user2: ok thanks bye

conversation:
user2: Hi!
user1: Hey!
user2: Know of any good movies?
user1: Definitely not Dunkirk.
user2: You did not like it?
user1: No, it was boring to me.
user2: I see. Well what movie do you have info on from this turk hit?
user1: Dunkirk
user2: LOL.
user1: Ha ha
user2: Who directed it?
user1: Christopher Nolan
user2: He is usually pretty good.
user1: I agree
user2: Who is starring in this one?
user2: Dunkirk..
user1: Fionn Whitehead, Tom Glynn - Carney, Jack Lowden, Harry Styles and Aneurin Bernard.
user2: Harry Styles isn't he a boy band singer?
user1: I'm not sure
user2: I think he is, I don't know the other actors.
user1: Me either
user2: I am surprised you didn't like it, i thought this was an oscar nominee.
user1: It got good ratings
user2: Ah, so perhaps a good movie, you just found it boring.
user1: Yes, I see it as a love or hate movie.
user2: I try to watch all the oscar nominated films prior to the awards.
user2: I suppose time and viewing will tell.
user2: At least if I hate it I will know I AM NOT ALONE.
user2: Thanks.
user1: Yeah, I would recommend not watching it!
user1: Ha. You're welcome.
user2: Hmm.. not sure what I will do. But thanks for the head's up.

conversation:
user2: Hi user 2
user1: Hello! Have you seen Dunkirk?
user2: Yes it was good
user2: Sad that Tom hardy will be tortured after the credits though
user1: I loved Fionn Whitehead as Tommy. Did you have a favorite? 
user2: i liked the old boat captain guy i don't know his name though
user2: what else should we discuss
user1: Yes, I liked him too. This movie defiantly bring the chaos and horror to life.. good and bad thing to witness
user1: Did you know filming began in May 2016? 
user2: That is later than i would have though
user2: it seemed fimling would have been quite difficult
user2: with all of the water scenes
user2: i like the part where they were hiding and the boat filled with water
user1: I agree you would think it would have taken much longer. 
user1: Some thought that Nolan was with out sentimentality or sanctimony. Maybe he was rushed. 
user1: Would you say this move is deeply moving?
user2: No i would not say that
user2: but maybe for older people or europeans
user1: Fair point. What would you describe it as?
user2: i would say its an action movie
user1: Defiantly action. Did you agree with the rating and review it had?
user1: 92% Rotten Tomatoes
user2: that seems about right
user2: i don't think it will win best picture
user1: Any best actors you think will get an award?
user2: no i don't think any were particularly memorable
user2: the big booms were the real star
user1: What about Tom Glynn-Carney? Mr Dawson's son.
user2: I don't recall any names really was he on the small boat?
user1: Was he in the group that joined the Scottish soldiers and hid inside the trawler until the tide rose?
user1: I might be thinking of Gibson. 
user2: i'm not sure i'd have to google it but don't have time, does christopher nolan have more movies coming out?
user1: He always has something it seems. 
user2: i wonder what it will be
user1: This one scored an A-, think his next will be just as good?
user2: i think it will be better
user2: batman 4 Trump v wayne

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: hi
user1: Have you seen Dunkirk?
user1: Do you like war movies?
user1: This movie has pretty good star cast
user2: i think it depends on the actor
user2: but i have not seen this one before
user2: judging by the ratings, it seem to be pretty much very impressive
user1: There is Harry Styles in it. He is the singer from one direction
user1: Yes, the ratings are pretty high
user1: The direction got a lot of praises too
user2: are u serious?..sales strategy ..hahaha
user1: It's based on WW2
user2: apart from seeing it on the script, i already feel convinced to go find it
user1: Me too, I want to watch it on DVD
user1: I missed the chance to see it in the theater
user2: the name seem weird, any idea on what inspired the name selection?
user2: Wars are not a good thing, I don't pray for my kids to experience any one in their life time
user1: True, but for them to learn about history, it may be a good movie to watch for slightly older kid
user2: :)
user1: There is definitely violence associated with it
user1: But the scenes are realistic and the art direction is amazing I heard
user1: It is pretty hard to recreate historic movies and the settings
user2: oh well, it is really worth the watch then. Do u think it was based on a real life story?
user1: I heard it is  true story
user2: oh wow!

conversation:
user1: hello
user1: are you there?
user2: I am here. The movie selected was Dunkirk.
user2: I needed to read the movie description. Are you there?

conversation:
user2: Hello there.
user2: We'll be discussing Dunkirk.
user1: sounds good
user1: ive never seen it before
user2: It's a war topic movie.
user1: ah, ok
user1: who is in it?
user2: Me too, never saw it either.
user1: oh then we are both in the same boat
user2: Harry Styles has a part in it.

conversation:
user1: Looks like a pretty good movie based on the reviews, what do you think?
user2: sOUNDS GREAT
user2: i WANT TO SEE IT
user1: Do you think Fionn Whitehead will play a convincing actor for the role of Tommy, the British Army private?
user2: 92% rotten
user2: Definitely playing a convincing private.
user1: Do you generally watch movies with such a good rating?
user2: Yes. Yes I watched Dunkirk because of it.
user1: Based on the summary, how do you think the story-line will play out?
user2: It sounds good.
user2: I like war dramas
user1: It does look pretty intense though. What's the genre?
user2: I loved this money
user2: Like the movie Patton.
user2: I loved this Dunkirk movie. I cried at the end. It was true. Plus I love, love british culture so that was a plus.
user1: Do you feel the movie was historically accurate as far as being faithful to the British culture?
user1: According to the "key scenes" section of the review it looks like it could almost have been a true story.
user2: Yes. Not all the way.
user2: I read that the actual people it was based of said it was mostly accurate.
user2: I like it so much I read about it. I am not a big movie buff so that is saying something. I do not even really watch tv.
user1: Interesting. I wonder what the relatives of those people think about the movie?
user2: I read news
user1: How does it portray the Axis armies?
user2: The relatives who are alive of these people are very happy to have their story told of course.
user1: Ya I bet
user2: It portrays the Axis armies as very evil.
user1: Wonder how the Europeans like the movie.
user2: My great grandparents were Jewish and escaped them. They said they were evil.
user2: They killed a lot of my relatives.
user2: I bet you most Europeans like the movies.
user1: So you feel a personal connection to the story then? 
user2: I felt some. 
user1: That part that the second paragraph describes looks pretty intense based off of the review.
user1: Hope they make some more movies in the same genre.
user2: My great grandma on my Dad's side (I am half jew/half christian) was a british war bride. She met an American GI and moved here. 
user1: Wow crazy.
user1: Would have been cool if the film had showed more of the character's faith.
user2: Yes.
user2: My great grandma died before I was born.
user2: But having a British war bride great grandma and my grand parents & great grandparents fled the nazis (my grandparents were kids)...it makes you feel a connection.

conversation:
user1: Hai dude
user2: Hey man
user2: How are you today?
user1: nice. Do you see any movie
user2: Actually no. What's the name of the movie?
user1: Insidious
user2: Oh wow, I want to see that movie. I've always heard good things about it. What is it about?
user1: This is the horror movie. I felt very scare when saw this movie. Do you see any type of horror movie?
user2: Yes, I've seen the Saw series and the Texas Chainsaw massacre
user2: Can you tell me more about this movie?
user1: I never seen this movie. Do you see Wonder woman?
user2: No, I have not seen that one
user2: What is that one about?
user1: This is the action movie. like Bat man  and super man
user2: Have you seen it?
user1: Yeah. nice movie. Do you see any action movies?
user2: I've seen some. Can you recommend any?
user1: You see Transformers 5. I really enjoy this movie 
user2: No, I have not seen it. Can you tell me about it?
user2: There?

conversation:
user1: is someone here?
user2: hi
user2: what is the name of the movie
user1: Dunkirk
user2: can you tell about the movie genere
user1: I have not seen it yet
user1: have you?
user2: no,no movie description is given to me
user2: The name Dunkirk appears as a comedy or might be a thriller
user2: what is your opinion on the movie name?
user2: are you there?
user2: please have a conversation,we have to do it atleast 12 times 
user2: please share some of the details on the movie plot
user2: who were the actors in the play
user1: ok

conversation:
user2: Hello.  Do you like war movies?
user1: No, not really. I prefer conversational ones. This one in particular had very little conversation.
user2: Yes, but that does not mean that it is not interesting.  
user2: It depends on suspense and music to make it intriguing
user1: It certainly was visually impressive. Did you like it?
user2: Yes, I did and I think you will too. 
user2: The critics have given it high ratings
user1: Yes, I saw it already. It was a tad pretentious I thought. No wonder critics like it.
user2: Pretentious?  In what way?
user1: Just visually very artsy. I prefer things more down to earth.
user2: Well, the type of cinematography might not appeal to everyone, but it is good to see a director takes some risks
user2: Even if it is for the sake of being "artsy"
user2: Variety flavours life, after all
user1: True. One must see it in surround sound. It was an very audio-oriented too.
user2: Which is to be expected for a movie without much dialogue, I guess
user1: Good point. 
user2: So, as you see, it is not about being pretentious, but about using certain elements to compensate for the lack of others
user1: Churchill makes an appearance. He's in another movie too.
user2: Churchill?  The only Churchill I know of is Winston Churchill.
user2: You mean a character, not an actor?
user1: Yes. I mean its set in WWII. so Churchill makes an appearance as in he is referenced.  
user2: Ok.  I was wondering. lol
user1: FDR seems to get left out of WWII dramas. It's like a Churchill show. 
user2: Well, it is set in Britain, so I guess he is likely to make an appearance
user1: Yes, but I just meant WWII movies in general. 
user1: Not too many women in war flicks as well. I guess that's one reason they don't appeal to me. 
user1: Have you seen anything else from this director?
user2: Based on my knowledge of history, the US only became a super power after WWII.  That is why FDR was not very prominent.  Also, the women were working in the factories while the guys were away.  However, I could be wrong.
user2: I am not familiar with that director.  What other movies did he act in?
user1: Yes. The US became a superpower as we know it now after WWII, but it was the most powerful nation prior. It just didn't exercise that power globally. Churchill begged FDR to enter WWII so that "the new world could save the old" in his words/
user1: I don't know his other movies either. But the reviews on this one are so good that it makes sense to look into them.
user2: As far as I am concerned, the citizens of the US seem to live in a microcosm and are oblivious to the outside world.  Thanks to globalisation and of course, social media, this is changing.
user1: Well, they were at D-Day. 
user2: I am not criticising, just making an observation. 

conversation:
user2: I'm surprised to learn that Harry Styles is in this movie!
user1: its cool he got the roll without using his fame
user1: do you enjoy war movies?
user2: yeah they're one of my favorite genres
user2: have you seen this movie yet?
user1: no, im not a big fan of war movies. 
user1: with the ratings this one got ive debated watching it though
user2: even though it's a war movie it seems like a pretty cool historical piece too, so if you're into that type of movie it might be cool to watch
user2: anyway when does this thing switch to the next page?
user1: i like historical movies. Not sure id like the minimal amount of dialogue though. 
user1: haha now!
user2: lol
user1: jesus dont get on a boat or youll probably die
user2: yeah haha...this guy seems to have the worst of luck when it comes to boats
user2: hmm...i just realized that if I keep reading I'm gonna end up spoiling the movie's ending for myself
user2: which sucks because I really want to see it
user1: i like it, i wont have to sit through 160 min of war and ill still get to know what happens
user1: oh no! poor gibson
user1: again dont get on the boat. poor guys
user2: that's a horrible way to go, tangled and drowning.
user1: better than burning in the oil spill
user1: seems like a good movie so far
user2: it seems very intense. in my mind i can imagine how chaotic the scenes must be. kinda makes me want to see it soon
user1: the ptsd these poor guys will suffer if they are likely to survive would be awful
user1: wonder what peters brother has to do with anything
user2: Maybe it's the reason that Peter is helping them.,since he wasn;t able to save his brother when he was shot down earlier in the war.
user2: wooo! last paragraph
user1: makes sense,     WOOHOO
user2: hey i guess it all turns out well in the end
user1: not for george and gibbson!
user1: I guess after such a traumatic movie they have to end it with a happyish ending
user2: true
user2: i wonder how the movie's ending compares to the real-life events
user2: so what do we do now that the document is finished?
user1: it would be interesting to see how similar 
user1: there should be a code i think
user1: id say overall good movie
user2: yeah. reading this summary makes me wish I'd watched it sooner
user1: it would be cool to see the period ships and planes

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: hey
user2: how was the movie
user2: what rating you can give
user1: Have you ever heard of the director christopher nolan
user2: yes
user2: good director
user1: i liked inception
user2: and how was the movie
user1: this one is a war film
user1: i only saw it once
user2: can you tell the rating
user1: 92%
user2: i like war movies
user2: 92% then it was nice movie
user1: it is different though
user2: oh really
user1: in how it is told
user2: oh! we can enjoy a lot
user1: you will have to see it but it is quite unisial in the way the scene unfold
user2: oh! really
user2: how was the actors done in movie
user1: one was some kind of singer
user2: ok
user1: i think from one direction???
user2: ok
user1: he had some other ones who were in that inception film'
user2: I think director done his best work
user1: yes
user1: but i guess it didn't win any awards
user2: oh! why?
user1: not sure.  haven't heard that it did.
user2: is there any politics
user2: ?
user1: i forgot.  i don;t think so.
user2: oh ok then
user1: mostly some fighting and drama
user2: ok
user1: on boats and planes
user2: really 
user2: then we can enjoy 
user1: i liked the cinematography
user1: it was done in a large IMAX format
user2: then we must see in 3D only
user2: we can enjoy then
user1: it is available in standard and imax formats
user2: ok
user2: then i will see only in imax
user1: do you like war films
user2: yes
user2: i love war films
user2: interesting films also
user2: do u like war movies
user1: i like them.  i think Black Hawk Down was one of my favorites.
user2: oh really it was amazing movie
user1: interesting as in independent?
user2: yes
user2: can we end the conversation
user1: Nice.  ok I have to go now.  it was nice talking to you.
user2: yes

conversation:
user2: Hi, did you like this movie?
user1: I like movies about World War II so yes I liked it. 
user1: Do you usually watch these kinds of movies?
user2: No I don’t prefer this genre. I’m surprised with all the big scenes that they left out any drama.
user1: I liked that that they used extensive practical effects. The chaos is what made me love it. 
user1: Do you think the fact that Harry Styles was a singer made him get the role?
user2: Nolan wasn’t aware of Styles renown as a singer so I would think that wouldn’t affect the decision.
user1: I see. Do you think Aneurin Barnard's role was a difficult one to play?
user2: I must say that with all the horror and realism from the get go this is a period piece I enjoyed more than any other.
user2: Yes I think it was.
user1: Did the small amount of dialogue make you enjoy it more?
user2: I think it helped.
user2: Did you think the role of Tommy was critical?
user1: Yes, without him Alex would've surely died. 
user1: Did you feel sorry for George?
user2: Yes he was an innocent young kid.
user2: I felt Tommy and Alex were so lucky they were denied passage onto the boat.
user1: That's true, he seems really lucky. How do you think he felt being the only survivor?
user2: I’d say lucky. They have so many close calls throughout the movie. I was very surprised at Alex’s accusations toward Gibson. Why do you think he did that to him?
user1: I feel that his silence contributed greatly to him being accused. I didn't like that he died though. Do you think Peter was right to lie about George's death?
user2: I don’t know why he lied to the officer about his death. 
user1: I particularly liked when the destroyer Tommy and Alex were swimming to got destroyed.  
user1: Do you agree with the Rotten Tomato rating?
user2: I do. I think the big scenes in this movie made it worthwhile.
user2: How did you feel about the way the movie ended?
user1: I agree. I think it ended nicely. I'm happy that Alex and Tommy survived. What do you think?
user2: I liked the ending. They were portrayed as heroes
user1: That's true. I think Commander Bolton was brave to remain behind.
user2: Yes I agree. How do you think the soldier felt when he saw George’s body carried out? I think he felt guilty probably.
user1: I think he felt betrayed. At least he was apart of the 300,000 survivors.
user1: I like that Peter went to the local newspaper with a picture of George. It was a nice way to honor him.
user2: That’s interesting. I think it was good that George was in the paper as a hero his self.
user2: Yes I agree it was.
user1: Do you think it was the same newspaper Tommy was reading?

conversation:
user2: Hello.
user1: hi user 2, there is a great new war movie out in theaters right now you should check out 
user2: What's the name? 
user1: Dunkirk
user1: want to know what its about?
user2: I think I've heard the name. Do you know what happens in the movie?
user1: it is a world war II movie that depicts dunkirks evacuation and portrays it by land sea and air
user2: I do like some war movies. It all depends. I'll have to look into it.
user1: dunkirk starts off with chaos and horror from the onset, really making you feel a part of it with great images 
user1: do you usually watch war movies with high ratings?
user2: The thing about war movies and some other ones is that you really get into some characters and then they die.
user1: in the movie they do have some people die but they have some great saves by air boat and land
user2: Yes, I do watch the ones with high ratings. But I also will watch it if certain actors are in it.
user1: fionn whitehead plays a british army private and he is the sole survivor in one of the german ambushes
user2: Hmmm. Never heard of him, at least by name. 
user1: maybe you can check online for more movies he is in. Tom glen carney plays peter, and he also in in the navy and comes by ship
user2: Did you say the reviews for the movie are good?
user1: yes rotten tomatoes rates it 92%. It may be because one of the scenes is so action packed when german troops are shooting at a ship and water starts to seep in the bullet holes
user2: Oh, okay. Wonder if the movie is on Netflix. 
user1: that would be neat if it were, i bet maybe vudu so you can watch it at home. Lots of theatrics like oil spilling on the ocean and catching a huge fire
user2: I like Netflix so I'll take a look later and see if it's listed. Do you know what year this movie was made?
user1: the movie was made in 2017 so it really has all of the modern technology to show things such as bombers sinking. People say that it is "deeply involving and unforgettable"
user2: Sometimes I watch the really old war movies, you know the ones in black and white. I like to compare the acting from then to now. Strange I know.
user1: when you watch this one you will have to watch the heros welcome they receive. it takes place in 1940 so modern day take on the old war movies
user2: Wonder if it's a long movie. Some drag on and on.
user1: i agree. it did not seem long because it is so action packed. at first they think that they need to retreat a few people but it turns into 300,000!
user1: ten times more than estimated 
user2: So you have seen Dunkirk?
user2: I put it on my list of movies to try.
user1: i have read alot of synopsis's and some spoiler reviews so i know things such as winston churchill gives a wonderful address in the movie
user1: thats great, you should surely 

conversation:
user1: I would have to agree with the CinemaScore of an A- for the movie Dunkirk.
user2: It sounds visually exciting but I wonder how historically accurate?

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi!
user2: Hello
user2: How are you?
user1: I'm well thanks, yourself?
user2: Pretty good 
user1: I loved this movie
user2: I haven't seen it
user2: I forgot what we are supposed to chat about
user2: It looks like a movie that is best seen in a theatre though 
user1: I think just stuff that is in the paragraph to the left
user1: and I agree, it is
user1: the sound was really epic in the theater 
user2: Nolan is pretty immersive 
user2: The ratings are pretty high
user2: That guy from one direction is in it
user2: Ok so they left, I have no idea what I do from here

conversation:
user1: hi
user1: hello?
user2: Hey there! 
user2: Do you enjoy war movies?
user1: yes i am enjoy war movies
user1: which one is your favorite?
user2: Awesome, well this one has some horror elements to it, and a lo too chaos
user1: yeah really good
user2: so I wouldn't quite suggest it as a "date movie" for cuddling hahaha
user1: i never like a date movie
user2: It's been reviewed as deeply moving, so I'd suggest that you see Dunkirk.
user1: i watched dunkirk movie
user1: one of the best movie directed by christopher nolan
user2: awesome! so what did you think of Tommy?
user1: he was a good actor and worked hard in the movie
user2: yeah I was impressed it was shot with IMAX 65 mm. that's pretty high tech now for a war movie
user1: yeah, but my badluck, no IMAX screen in my region
user2: hahaha we have one but out of town. The effects are pretty cool though. what did you think about them? like the evacuation scenes?
user2: still there?
user1: yeah i am here
user1: it looks more realistic
user2: I agree. There's one scene were bullet holes are shot into the ship and it fills with water.
user1: i watched it in 3D
user1: wonderful movie effects
user2: So do you always watch movies with a good score?
user2: This one had a 92% rating on rotten tomatoes
user2: I liked the scene where Tommy reads out Churchill's address to the nation.
user2: still there?
user1: yeah
user1: i am here
user1: some network problems
user1: sorry for the late
user1: i watched all christopher nolan movies
user2: What did you think about the moonstone maneuvers?
user1: i don't think so
user1: what was moonstone manuvers
user2: it was when they went to take on the troops. It included Alex and Tommy in the scene.
user1: yeah i see it
user2: What did you think about "Gibson" the character?
user1: but i don't know what happens to the pilot
user1: hello

conversation:
user1: I have not seen this movie. It looks worthwhile.
user2: I agree, Rotten Tomatoes gives it  8.6/10

conversation:
user2: hai 
user1: Hello
user2: any one there
user1: Hey
user2: i am ramanan from india and your are from ???
user1: I am Philip from the USA 
user1: So what did you think of Dunkirk??
user2: its a great movie with a mind blowing visuals. really loved enjoying in the big screen
user2: have you seen it
user1: Yes I saw it on opening night.. great sound quality and I feel like they made it very loud
user1: Quite the immersive experience
user2: nolan never fails his fans right.
user1: Thought there could have been more story 
user1: I'll watch anything he directs 
user1: I like when Jonathan is involved too though.. hethey write great atories together 
user2: yes about the soldier  who boarded the boat could have been explained a little bit more
user1: Yes he seemed like a side character .. I'll have to watch it again
user2: lets hope this continues forever and giving their best
user1: I kept waiting for a time shift at some point since it's usually a part of his movies 
user2: what will you say best about the movie
user1: Nice immersive experience.. heartwarming overall storyline 
user2: ya i think he is addicted to it on maintaining the time shifts
user2: i would say the background score and the visuals pulled every one at the edge of their seats
user1: Yep I agree with you!
user2: hero of this movie doent speak much but gave a good performance with his acting  for a new commer
user2: r u there
user1: I thought the changing of scene types were really neat to see (land sea and air)
user1: Could have been more with Tom hardy scenes 
user2: yep i am a fan of tom hardy from interstellar, warrior and revenant and so on.
user1: Inception you mean :) 
user1: But yes same hee all great movies 
user2: yes inception typed wrong above

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hi
user2: Have you been to a movie lately?
user1: Have you seen Dunkirk?
user1: Have you seen Dunkirk?
user1: Have you seen Dunkirk?
user2: No. Isn't that a city in France?
user1: The movie is Dunkirk, it is based on the evacuation of Dunkirk during WWII. 
user2: Who directed it?
user1: The movie is Dunkirk, it is based on the evacuation of Dunkirk during WWII.  It was filmed on site in Dunkirk. The cinematography is amazing. It is like you are there. It is involving and gripping. It sounds and looks like what i am guessing the evacuation looked like during WWII. 
user2: Sounds interesting. Who stars in the movie? Anyone I might recognize?
user1: The movie is Dunkirk, it is based on the evacuation of Dunkirk during WWII.  It was filmed on site in Dunkirk. The cinematography is amazing. It is like you are there. It is involving and gripping. It sounds and looks like what i am guessing the evacuation looked like during WWII. It received a Rotten Tomatoes score of 92. Do you use Rotten Tomato ratings? I think it is a film worth spending the time to watch, gripping and unforgettable.
user2: No, I don't really use Rotten Tomatoes. But can you tell me who the director is or who stars in the film?
user1: The movie is Dunkirk, it is based on the evacuation of Dunkirk during WWII.  It was filmed on site in Dunkirk. The cinematography is amazing. It is like you are there. It is involving and gripping. It sounds and looks like what i am guessing the evacuation looked like during WWII. It received a Rotten Tomatoes score of 92. Do you use Rotten Tomato ratings? I think it is a film worth spending the time to watch, gripping and unforgettable. The actors did a superb job. Following around a French soldier pretending to be a British private trying to get off of that beachhead. The special effects are amazing. I would recommend this film to anybody who just loves movies, not just war films.
user2: When was it released? Last year?
user1: The movie is Dunkirk, it is based on the evacuation of Dunkirk during WWII.  It was filmed on site in Dunkirk. The cinematography is amazing. It is like you are there. It is involving and gripping. It sounds and looks like what i am guessing the evacuation looked like during WWII. It received a Rotten Tomatoes score of 92. Do you use Rotten Tomato ratings? I think it is a film worth spending the time to watch, gripping and unforgettable. The actors did a superb job. Following around a French soldier pretending to be a British private trying to get off of that beachhead. The special effects are amazing. I would recommend this film to anybody who just loves movies, not just war films. To give you more to read to get you interested please read the following. Dunkirk is a 2017 war film written, directed, and co-produced by Christopher Nolan that depictsWorld War II's Dunkirk evacuation. Dunkirk portrays the evacuation from three perspectives: land,sea, and air. It has little dialogue, since Nolan sought to create suspense from cinematographyand music. Filming began in May 2016 in Dunkirk and ended that September in Los Angeles,when post-production began. Cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema shot the film on IMAX 65 mmand 65 mm large format film stock. Dunkirk has extensive practical effects, using thousands ofextras, boats that participated in the evacuation, and period aeroplanes.Page 1 of 1Dunkirk Year Genre Director Rating 2017 War Christopher Nolan 1. Rotten Tomatoes: 92% and average: 8.6/10 2. Metacritic Score: 94/100 3. CinemaScore: A- Cast ● Fionn Whitehead as Tommy, a British Army private ● Whitehead was cast in the lead after a secretive auditioning process lasting several months. His character was named after the slang term for the ordinary British soldier. ● Tom Glynn-Carney as Peter, Mr Dawson's son ● Jack Lowden as Collins, a Royal Air Force Spitfire pilot ● Harry Styles as Alex, a private in the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders ● Styles won the role after auditioning against hundreds of candidates, when Nolan was unaware of his renown as a singer. ● Aneurin Barnard as "Gibson", a French soldier masquerading as a British Army private. Introduction Dunkirk is a 2017 war film written, directed, and co-produced by Christopher Nolan that depicts World War II's Dunkirk evacuation. Dunkirk portrays the evacuation from three perspectives: land, sea, and air. It has little dialogue, since Nolan sought to create suspense from cinematography and music. Filming began in May 2016 in Dunkirk and ended that September in Los Angeles, when post-production began. Cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema shot the film on IMAX 65 mm and 65 mm large format film stock. Dunkirk has extensive practical effects, using thousands of extras, boats that participated in the evacuation, and period aeroplanes. Critical Response ● "surrounds his audience with chaos and horror from the outset, and amazing images and dazzlingly accomplished set pieces on a huge 70mm screen, particularly the pontoon crammed with soldiers extending into the churning sea, exposed to enemy aircraft" ● "an impressionist masterpiece" that was "deeply moving" but without "manufactured sentimentality or false heroics." ● "There's little doubt that [Nolan] has, without sentimentality or sanctimony, raised that genre to the level of art...with the resonant force of an enduring screen classic." ● "tight, gripping, deeply involving and unforgettable ... triumph in filmmaking" ● "[Dunkirk] is 106 clamorous minutes of big-screen bombast that's so concerned with its own spectacle and scale that it neglects to deliver the most crucial element—drama." Page 1 of 1Dunkirk_1Open with Google DocsProfile Page 1 of 1
user2: I think I've heard of Christopher Nolan before. But Fionn Whitehead is a new name to me, as are the others. Do you know what else they have been in?
user2: Well, User 2 left. I guess that's it.
user2: FWIW, I've seen "Dunkirk." It was a good war movie.

conversation:
user2: Have you seen the movie Dunkirk?
user1: Yes
user2: Did you enjoy it?
user2: I didn't realize that portions of the movie were actually filmed on location in Dunkirk
user1: It was a very suspenseful movie.  
user1: I didn't realize that either.  I guess they also filmed part of it in Los Angeles as well.
user2: Yeah the information we've been given makes it sound like the ending was filmed in LA. Wonder if it was all on a sound stage?
user2: I wouldn't mind seeing a sequel to find out what happened to Tom Hardy's character after he gets captured by the Germans at the end.
user1: I wouldn't either.  Not certain they will do a sequel or not.  If they do I would like to see it.
user2: I haven't heard anything about any sequel so probably not. But it was a bit of a cliffhanger ending. I could see a sequel being really similar to saving private ryan. Saving Pilot Hardy lol
user1: True.
user2: hmm ok new paragraph to discuss. The moonstone boat sequence where the soldier ends up blinding and then killing the boy.
user1: I can't imagine being in Tommy's shoes as the sole survivor of an ambush like that.  
user2: oh was he the private from the opening sequence?
user1: Yes.  
user2: Yeah they were totally outgunned in that opening. Looked like a bunch of Lee Enfield bolt action rifles against Germans with stg44's 
user2: I didn't realize the french still had some defensive formations in the area, that kind of saved him
user1: I didn't realize that either.  
user1: Gibson 
user2: What a horrible military blunder on the part of the British though. Basically their entire ground force cut off and left out to die without an exit plan.
user1: Yes it is not good to not have an exit plan.
user2: Especially since they sent the majority of their troops. They were all in right off the bat. Probably why most military actions start off with expeditionary forces now.
user1: I can't imagine Tommy and Alex's reacton after finding out Gibson was a spy.
user2: was he a spy or just a french soldier pretending to be british to survive?
user1: Either way he lied about his true identity.  I guess if you put yourself in his shoes, he did what he had to to try to survive.
user2: Yeah he was going to do whatever he had to to get off that beach
user2: kind of follows what they had been doing though, with trying to sneak on board that initial ship with the stretcher that had a dead soldier on it
user2: really it was all pretty insane to see all those soldiers just standing in formation out in the open on the beach
user2: like shooting ducks in a barrel
user1: Yes.  At the beach when Commander Bolton watched the last British soldiers leave. He confirms that 300,000 have been evacuated. That was ten times more than they estimated.
user2: yeah and accomplished mostly with small private vessels across a straight full of uboats and enemy planes
user1: Yes.  It is amazing they were able to accomplish that with small private vessels.  Thankful that George was able to be recognized as a hero.  
user1: At least his death didn't feel quite as painful since he was recognized.  
user2: oh yeah that's right! Forgot about that part
user2: Some consolation for his parents I'm sure
user1: Alex also received a hero's welcome instead of being publicly scorned as he feared.  Such a good movie.
user1: Winston Churchill also wrote an address to the nation in the newspaper.  I am sure Tommy enjoyed reading that.
user2: yeah that's true, he was worried about that when he arrived back home. I think the british realized they were lucky to have gotten their soldiers back, that it wasn't a total loss or failure but represented hope that they could still defend their country
user1: Yes.  

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hi
user1: So it looks like this was a movie well perceived by the critics
user2: It does have you seen it?
user1: And according to the scores, also from the public
user1: No I haven't, did you?
user2: No I haven't
user2: It seems like a very good movie to see.
user1: According to the document it is a war movie but it doesn't say when it takes place
user1: Have you read that the main character actor was kept private for a long time?
user2: It might be upcoming movement, did I see that right Harry styles has a part in the movie.
user2: I wonder why
user1: Me too, Nolan can be so criptic even with casting!
user1: Oh it takes place in 1940 so it's WWII
user2: I see. 1940s fall of France now that's very interesting
user2: Now a lot of scary things happen during world war Il
user1: But this takes place to France at the beginning of the war so it has definitely a different topic than what we're used to
user1: Oh my gosh they're telling out all the story
user2: Now that a good point.
user2: Omg George gets a head injury and is blind
user1: I like that Nolan made a character pretend to be someone he was not
user2: Very good. My heart is with this movie
user1: Can you imagine something scarier than being blind in a battle field?
user2: That has to be the most scariest thing ever. I couldn't even imagine going through that.
user1: How much of it do you think it's real?
user2: It's sounds all real
user1: I mean the evacuation has taken place but I wonder if the characters are made up or not
user2: Umm I don't think they are made up but then again.
user1: I think you are right, in the last part of the updated document it says that George was considered a hero and even Churchill talked about it
user2: So that means we can go and find information out the people in the movie
user1: Definitely! I hadn't thought about that but that's a great idea!
user1: I don't usually appreciate this genre but I could go and see this one
user2: It would cause then we could find out what it really was like.
user1: I also like that there is a Dutch mariner to take a place in history
user2: It scary in those days I don't like to get into cause I am a cry baby
user2: The Dutch
user1: I am a cry baby too haha, but I embrace it :)
user2: Well we got it bad haha
user1: We do!
user2: I wonder when it's coming to the big screen
user1: I think it already has? There is a Rotten Tomatoes score and CinemaScore  in the first paragraph
user1: Or maybe it's the opinion of the people who watched it beforehand? I don't really know how it works
user2: Umm I think it's people opinion that's already seen it
user1: Anyhow it must be a very immersive movie with the little dialogue 
user1: But if even the critics say that's "deeply moving"... we will cry a river :D
user1: Then maybe it's already out, it says 2017
user2: Oh yes we will especially seeing what they went through

conversation:
user2: Hello. I thought Dunkirk was fantastic.
user1: Hello,  I thought it was okay. I'm not a big history buff. 
user2: The cinematography was incredible.
user2: Not a big history buff either but it was such a well made movie that I really enjoyed it.
user1: I have to admit that films shown in IMAX are impressive to look at.
user2: Completely agree. It adds so much to the viewing experience.
user1: Christopher Nolan usually does a pretty good job with movies.
user2: The Prestige and Memento were great.
user2: Nolan reinvented the Batman franchise as well.
user1: Yes they were. I was surprised with how short Dunkirk was though.
user2: Yeah, you'd think the subject matter could have gone on for 2+ hours.
user1: Yes,  I think his intentions were more cinematic than actor driven.
user2: I appreciate him using practical effects over all CGI. It looks more authentic.
user1: It was sad when George went blind in the movie.
user2: The fear of the men in the boats felt so real. The sound effects of the bombers overhead was impressive.
user2: Yeah, I felt horrible for him.
user1: And to lose your sight as a teenager, that has to be devastating.
user2: Agreed. Nolan really brought the reality and horrors of war to the forefront.
user1: Also for Tommy to meet Gibson while burying a body really paints the tone for the film.
user1: And then Gibson dies from drowning. Kind of ironic.
user2: Gibson dying hit me like a sucker punch to the gut
user1: Same here, we first see him with a dead body and then we watch him die. Foreshadowing at it's finest.
user2: Nolan is a master
user1: Yes he knows what he's doing when it comes to war.
user2: Using such little dialogue and relying on the cinematography was brilliant.
user1: It was a reality check seeing George's body being carried with them.
user2: At least he got a hero's recognition that he deserved.
user1: I know that was really thoughtful and respectful of them to do that.
user2: It's interesting that they chose a battle that was all about retreating rather than one of the battles the Allies won. It was brave to it.
user1: Could you imagine being there when he read Winston Churchill's speech to the nation? Must have been powerful.
user2: Especially after all they went through to get to safety.
user1: Yes they thought they were going to be criticized but they were praised.
user2: After retreating and being revered as heroes by Churchill was incredible.
user2: It's amazing so many made it out alive.
user1: Yes over ten times what they expected!
user2: It really puts the horrors of war into perspective.
user1: Yes it did. It was nice being Able to talk about the film with you
user2: You too. I enjoyed it.
user1: Goodbye!
user2: Goodbye!

conversation:
user2: hi
user2: have you seen Dunkirk?
user1: Hello!
user1: I actually have seen Dunkirk. Did you enjoy the movie?
user2: I think the movie is based on WW2
user2: I haven't seen it but want to see it on DVD
user1: I believe so. From what I gathered it is.
user1: It should be out soon on DVD
user2: They mention the aircrafts used by Germans during the war, such as Spitfire
user1: They do have particular scenes where they just show the aircrafts
user2: How did Harry Styles do in the movie?
user2: I cannot imagine him acting, I like his singing though
user1: So weird thing is that there isn't a whole lot of talking in the movie
user1: So I mean he had his part in the movie but it wasn't too interesting
user2: Christopher Nolan is a great director. I think he received several Oscar nominations last year
user2: How is the art direction? Were the scenes very realistic?
user1: I think here are a lot of Directors that are up for Oscars this year
user1: Although Dunkirk wasn't my favorite movie, the scenes were pretty breathtaking 
user1: They divide the movie between Land, Air, and Water
user2: it's hard to recreate scenes from 75 years ago
user1: I agree
user2: Do you think you will watch it again after a few years?
user1: There is another movie that is up for awards that is based on the same time period (WW2)
user2: which one?
user1: I don't think I will watch it again, but I don't rewatch movies often
user1: Darkest Hour
user2: I think I have heard about that movie
user2: Did you watch Dunkirk in IMax?
user1: No. I had free tickets for just basic movie theater options
user2: The movie has pretty good ratings from Rotten Tomatoes and other sites
user1: I would recommend watching it

conversation:
user1: What is the name of this movie?
user2: Ok the movie is "Dunkirk"
user1: Is the movie uplifting or sad?
user2: It is both really, more inspiring
user1: Who plays the lead role?
user2: Fionn Whitehead has the lead role
user1: Would more women or men enjoy this movie?
user2: Men would be more likely to I think but a good percentage of women would also enjoy it.
user1: Can you tell me in a sentence or two what the movie is about?
user2: It is a 2017 war film written, directed, and co-produced by Christopher Nolan that depictsWorld War II's Dunkirk evacuation. Dunkirk portrays the evacuation from three perspectives: land,sea, and air.
user1: Is it fimled in black and white then>
user2: It is in color actually although it is historically accurate
user1: Does the main character have a love interest?
user2: If he does, it is not portrayed in the movie directly.
user1: Are there any other famous actors in this movie?
user2: Harry Styles is in it, along with Tom Glynn-Carney and Aneurin Barnard
user1: Is the movie set in world War 1 or 2?
user2: It is set in World War 2 in the time before the United States entered the war.
user1: Did the movie win any awards that you know of?
user2: I'm not sure about awards but Rotten Tomatoes gives it a 92%, Metacritic gave it a 94/100 and CinemaScore gave it an A-
user1: And what country is the Movie based in?
user2: It is based in france and is about the British troops
user1: Who were the British fighting against?
user2: The Germans

conversation:
user1: User 2, sock it to me
user1: LOL
user2: So  I just saw a movie and it was freakin great ! well if you like war movies that is....
user1: OH hmmmmm, mind letting slip the title of the movie?
user2: Oh err yep so sorry yes its called Dunkirk... 
user1: Oh ok, thats the one where its some old boys doing a pub crawl in an end of days type scenario?
user2: Nope nope this takes place back in ww2 dureing the evacuation of Dunkirk
user1: are there any actors in the movie I might know?
user2: I was really impressed by it because it is not a talky kind of movie. Some people you may know are in it Harry Syles from one of the british boy bands 
user1: hmmm, no I've never heard of that fella.  Are there any gorgeous women in it?
user2: But he is not a lead the whole story is about this young army private Named Tommy played by FIONN WHITEHEAD
user1: what really draws me into a movie, is some full frontal from a pretty, young thing.  I guess war movies can be ok too.
user2: Yea its more a war movie no real love interests.  
user1: LOL.  on a scale of 1-10, what would you score it? 1 being bad and 10 being Great
user2: Its the story about Tommy trying to get out of dunkirk dureing an ambush
user2: I would give it a solid 6 beacuse I am not a HUGE war movie fan... but I was really into the Beautiful cinimatography and directing By Christopher Nolan
user1: are there any blacks in it?
user2: There really is hardly any talking Its all action first by land then sea and then air all trying to just live and escape.  It is really deeply moving and kind of impressionistic.
user1: are there jews in it?
user2: There alot of Germans in it... , of curse some Jews it is gemany.  I dont recall many Blacks in it.  
user1: hahahah ok ok.  Just kinda curious bout the diversity.  So Nolan directs.  Man, if only Batman was around for WW2
user2: Its mostly about the allies being cornered by the germans 
user1: I feel like i'm cornered by Germans every morning at work, if you know what i mean
user2: Well I honestly can say it really has the effects of Batman... It just keeps moving.... 
user1: the musical score? classic or hip hop?
user2: Well first tommy and his friends are trying by land commandeering trucks and cars and such to get away. then they get on a destroyer that gets sunk. then they are picked up by a fishing boat.  I honestly cant even remember any music it was a lot of explosives and such but mostly instrumental and period music to ww2.
user1: So, you're saying to just wait for it to show up on Netflix?
user1: oh man, and spoiler alert!!!
user2: Oh no If you can see it ina  theater it would be better for the effect and sounds... I mean it really keeps you moving with the plot... all twisty turny.... people are not who they say they are etc....
user2: Na I cant give to much away its a war movie....
user1: i'll think about it...

conversation:
user1: Do you generally like war movies?
user2: Yes, they are one of my favorite genres. Dunkirk was particularly good. 
user2: Do you find that the rating is fitting for this movie?

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi!
user2: What movie did you read about?
user1: Have you heard of the movie Dunkirk?
user2: Yes, I haven't watched it though.
user1: It scored 92% on rotten tomatoes. 
user2: I know its a war movie.
user2: It must be good then.
user1: It sounds pretty intense.
user2: Would you watch it?
user1: I would say any movie with "impressionistic masterpiece" in its review is probably pretty good.
user1: I am planning on it.
user2: That is true.
user1: Pretty interested to see how Harry Styles does in his movie debut.
user2: Who is the lead actor?
user2: Oh, me too. I didn't realize he was in it.
user1: Fionn Whitehead is the lead, i had never heard of him but he was cast after a secretive process so i am assuming he did pretty well!
user2: The last war movie I watched was Pearl Harbor but this sounds better
user2: Haven't heard of him either.
user2: I trust Rotten Tomatoes
user1: Absolutley, it takes place in france in the fall of 1940. So it will be visually pretty interesting.
user1: Metacritic hit it with 94 out of 100, that seems pretty good too!
user2: Yes, it does. I think I heard it did well in the box office as far as profit.
user1: I would hope so! I cant imagine what else would have been in the theater in 2017 though. I wonder if the competition was fierce?
user1: I think it would be refreshing to see a war movie without all the false heroics.
user2: That's a good point. Realism is important to me.
user1: Seeing the evacuation of Dunkirk from three different perspectives is a really good idea. Its easy to get caught up in the us vs them aspect of war.
user2: I didn't know that about the movie. It makes you understand your "enemies" perspective
user1: the goods one do at least! 
user2: Makes me wonder how many wars could be avoided by doing this 
user1: evacuating 300,000 people during wartime must have been insane!
user1: so at least its not just about a war, we get to see some actual good being done!
user2: Geez, that is a lot... 

conversation:
user1: Hi!
user2: Hi!
user2: Have you seen the movie Dunkirk yet?
user1: I am not sure, could you tell me a little about it and I will see if I can remember?
user2: It's the movie by Christopher Nolan, about WW II
user2: Rotten Tomatoes is giving it a 92%
user1: Ah, ok. No, I don't think I have.
user1: Would you say it was a documentry type movie?
user2: You should definitely check it out. The critics like it too, calling it a "triumph in filmaking"
user1: Sounds like the critics like it a lot. Do you know who stars in it?
user2: Some great actors.Harry Styles,  Fionn Whitehead, Tom Glynn-Carney, Jack Lowdon
user1: Ah, ok. I'm not real familar with thier work. But, I do like WWII movies. 
user1: Can you tell me any of the plot?
user2: That's a start. As a preview, the Dunkirk evacuation occurred during the fall of France. Hundreds of thousands of Allied soldiers retreated to Dunkirk and anxiously awaited evacuation 
user2: Nolan tackles it from three perspectives: land, sea , and air
user2: The movie has little dialogue
user2: Sound like something you would like?
user1: It does! I really enjoy movies that show different perspectives and how the people interact together.
user1: I bet the lack of dialogue makes the movi feel very intense!
user2: That's great. Yes! A critic quote: Nolan "surrounds his audience with chaos and horror from the outset"
user1: I couldn't imagine how that must have felt to the people who lived it! 
user1: I bet! Would make you feel like it was happening to you.
user2: Surreal. The movie actually does a great job of showing how different people react to such trauma
user1: I'm really excited to see it now! 
user1: Do you know what year it came out?
user2: Glad to hear it. It just came out last year (2017)
user2: It's the best war movie I've seen in some time.
user1: Thank you for explaining it to me so well. 
user2: Happy to try to convey without giving too much away
user1: I'm really intrigued to watch it now, and no, I don't think you gave away any spoilers. Thanks!!
user2: For sure. Let me know if you have any follow up questions
user2: I'm seeing the movie is also available in IMAX
user2: I can only imagine that
user1: Oh wow!! Indeed! That would be an amazing experience. Talk about being imersed in the action.
user2: Pretty quick too. Action from start to finish for just over 100 minutes
user1: I think I would want to see it in IMAX first then watch it again with a regular screen. 
user2: Great call
user2: Pleasure talking and hope you enjoy it
user1: Ha! That's pretty short for a movie. They must really cram a lot into those 100 mins.

conversation:
user2: Hi, looks like this movie has some good reviews
user1: Hi, it does. It was also directed by Christopher Nolan, I am a fan of his other works
user2: I would probably enjoy this movie, seems a little different with little dialogue but focusing more on the cinemtagraphy
user2: Special effects would probably be pretty good as well
user1: Yeah agree, it was a film I would had liked to had seen in Imax considering it used actual Imax cameras throughout production
user2: Oh yes iMax would be great to watch this movie in
user2: Do you check the ratings like rotten tomatoes before watching?
user1: It does lack some emotional depth to it, with it being more focused on cinematography. Found it to be great visually none the less
user1: Yeah I'm a big believer in rotten tomatoes, so the movie did great there
user2: yeah me too
user2: Looks like the critics responses are pretty much what I expected with the great images and turning it into an art
user1: Yeah I would add in that they didn't touch upon it is that it has period piece feel to it with it depicting World War II
user2: I never heard of the Dunkirk evacuation before, and I'm pretty interested in WWII movies so this would be good to see.  For me at least. 
user2: Can't believe it only took 4 months to make
user2: Oh I see they did shoot it on IMAX
user1: Most films wrap up filming quickly due to production planning so it looks like everything went smoothing on the production side. They did ace the visual aspect of the movies
user2: Looks like it focuses on the British side, so that will be a little different than the typical war movie we get to see
user1: With one the key scenes, visually it felt intensive like with George end up being blind while like you said offering something we aren't used to seeing in a war movie
user2: Yeah, the requisitioning of civilian vessels is a new angle as well
user1: Yeah I like that theres more than one perspective in it too, sometimes films limit themselves to dealing with one setting. In Dunkirk there's multiple angles to it from the land, sea, and air.
user2: And Alex accusing Gibson of being a spy to lighten the load is an interesting twist
user2: And Gibson dies, so there's the spoiler lol
user1: There is a realism element to the movie with the idea that anybody can die in war, but I can't help but feel for George throughout the movie
user1: Gibson was an interesting twist but kind of been done in war movies so it feels more like a trope at this point
user2: Yeah I agree
user1: I wonder what the audience's rotten tomato score was for the movie since it only shows the critics one
user2: That's a good question.
user2: Wow they evacuated 300,000 troops, unheard of these days.  Amazed at how many people that war involved.
user1: The movie kind of has a happy ending too, with the 300000 troops being evacuated 
user2: Yeah, gotta have the happy ending in most cases, as long as it's true I'm good with it.  I enjoy accurate depictions most 
user1: Yeah same. Can't believe Harry Styles, the guy from One direction is in the movie. Didn't know he acted
user2: Then George was identified as the hero, so that's good he didn't die in vain
user2: I knew that name was familiar.  I didn't realize that either
user1: Yeah agree felt bad that he went from blind to dead, but at least Peter made sure he was remembered as a hero
user2: Yeah good on Peter
user1: Its interesting it says Nolan didn't know Styles was a singer and was picked out of hundreds of other people. Cool fact
user2: Surprised Alex was expecting public scorn when they returned
user2: That is a cool fact
user1: Can't blame him though they went through a lot so it must be polarizing 
user2: Yes it sure can be polarizing
user1: I wonder how Gibson ended up
user2: will have to google that one lol

conversation:
user2: Dunkirk sounds like a really interesting movie centered around war.
user1: It's actually really good, i rated it 9/10 myself on cinemascore.
user2: Did you feel that the critical responses are representative of how well the movie did?
user1: I think they are quite accurate, the specifics about how it seems to put you "in the moment" really caught my eye. It's so genuine and deeply moving.
user2: I really liked the lack of dialogue. I found that to be a really interesting artistic choice from Nolan. 
user1: Definitely was, did you feel that he captured the elements of war throughout the movie, or was some of it bad?
user2: I feel like Dunkirk was highly representative of what the war was like for these solders.
user1: I agree, who was your favorite actor Dunkirk?
user2: Definitely Tom Hardy. What about you?
user1: I liked the way harry styles played as Alex personally.
user2: Did you agree with the rating of the movie?
user1: Definitely one of my top of the year. What did you think of the beach scene? It was kind of explicit
user2: It was, but I feel like most of Nolan's movies have that element so I was expecting it. Do you like Christopher Nolan's movies in general?
user1: I haven't seen many others actually by him, this was my first but I plan on seeking some out, any suggestions?
user2: Most of his movies are really good. He did the Dark knight. What about Dunkirk did you find the most interesting?
user1: I found the way he portrayed the war to be so unique. It felt like i was in the movie, what about you?
user2: I agree. I also appreciated how accurate the movie was. How did you feel about the scene where Mr. Dawson and Peter use their boat to go rescue stranded soilders?
user1: I thought it was powerful, especially when George became blind from his head injury, it was so ugly.
user2: It was! It was difficult to watch at times. I felt so bad for the characters Tommy and Alex. They kept trying to escape and they couldn't. Did you feel like the actors who played Tommmy and Alex did a good job? 
user1: I think they did a great job for their roles, alex was my favorite. How did you think about the scene with Tommy, Alex and Gibson joining a group of scottish soliders until the tide rose?
user2: It felt really intense. How did you feel about Gibson revealing his French identity? 
user1: I think it shows just how desperate they were at that time.
user2: I thought that the scene where Commander Bolton revealed that 300,000 soldiers were evacuated was so powerful! Where you surprised to hear that many were rescued? 
user1: I couldn't believe it myself, that is so many lives saved. How do you feel about George not making it?
user2: I thought it was sad. What about you?
user1: Very tragic, he did his best.
user2: Is there anything else about the movie that you liked?
user1: I enjoyed how George was portrayed as a bit of a hero in the local paper for sure.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Dunkirk is a great new film. What do you think of it?
user1: I liked the cinematography
user1: Rotten tomatoes 92%
user1: pretty good
user1: how does that average to 8.6 though
user2: I am not sure. It seems like it should be higher
user1: Christopher nolan is great
user2: I am surprised they had a secret auditioning process
user1: True
user1: I can't really recall these characters
user2: Yes, he is a great director
user1: Tommy
user1: Whitehead
user1: Seems like none were really mentioned by name
user2: Yes, I agree
user1: I like the naval scenes
user1: The civilian vessels
user1: The whole movie was really crazy
user2: i do too. i like how it is from a land,sea, and air perspective
user1: yeah the air shots were really cool
user1: felt like i was there
user1: 70mm
user1: thats probably why
user1: dang it was on imax
user1: i woulda liked to see that
user2: I think it was smart to have little dialogue to increase the suspense
user1: true
user2: i think it would be amazing to see on imax
user1: lack of backstory was never an issue
user1: i didn't want to hear about "the family back home" like other war movies
user2: i agree
user1: Scottish soldiers
user1: that scene was tense
user1: where they tried to force the guy up
user2: i don't remember that scene. what happened?
user1: They were being shot at
user1: and they thought this guy was a spy
user1: because he didn't speak their language
user2: that sounds like an exciting scene
user1: For sure
user1: 300,000 evacuated
user1: i wonder if thats a real number
user2: yeah, it says that was ten times more than was estimated
user1: oh at the end that was winston churchills address
user1: i didn't know that
user1: dang
user1: I never knew what Dunkirk actually was
user1: i guess a place
user2: i disn't know that either
user2: i didn't either
user1: The ambush at the beginning was crazy
user1: have a good day
user2: you too

conversation:
user1: What did you think of the movie's special effects?
user2: It was fascinated and awesome
user2: tell about christopher nolan?
user1: I think christopher nolan was the right director for the movie
user2: yeah that was correct
user1: I wish it was longer than 106 minutes
user2: yeah it should be..
user2: I feel the real effects of the imax 65mm
user1: I really enjoyed the cinematography 
user2: Yeah cinematography was great
user1: All three perspectives were interseting
user2: Yes it was
user1: The ratings on the movie were well deserved
user2: I thought it would be 9
user1: the music was great
user2: yeah it was great 
user2: gibson is the hero
user1: He had a good character
user1: there was a lot of actoin
user2: Yes. Life saving, survivour
user1: some of the scenes were emotional
user2: torpedo was the most use in the movie
user1: it did a lot of damage
user2: emotional was little dull
user2: yes it did a lot
user1: there was a lot of violence
user2: yes because it was a war
user2: alex,tommy and gibson are friends
user1: they helped each other
user2: three characters are the leading roles
user1: they were interesting characters
user2: yes it was 
user1: there were a lot of extras in the movie
user2: 300000 peoples were evacuated
user2: yes extras are more
user2: climax was the great one
user1: the movie was very exciting
user2: almost it was
user1: There was a lot of death in the movie
user2: it takes 1 year for the movie to take
user2: Lots and Lots
user1: that is a long time
user2: most disaster film
user2: yes it was
user1: a good display of war
user2: yes the great world war 2

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi! Would you like to see this new movie "Dunkirk"?
user2: yeah, I think I would, whats it about?
user1: It is about WWII Dunkirk evacuation. 
user2: could you tell me more about it?
user2: what about the staff
user1: The main character is Tommy, a British private. It is very suspenseful and a bit chaotic. 
user2: actors
user2: Sounds interesting
user1: Is stars Fionn Whitehead, Tom Glynn-Carney, and Jack Lowdon and Harry Styles of all people. 
user2: what is your favorite scene?
user1: There is quite an epic scene that takes place in the water. Apparently during a storm. It sounds cool. 
user1: The ship they are using to escape is hit with a torpedo
user2: And what about another scene?
user2: What is your favorite actor in the movie?
user2: What about movie ratings
user1: there is another where the British Navy uses a civilian vessel to get close to the beach to rescue another injured soldier. 
user1: It is rated well on Rotten Tomatoes and CinemaScore
user1: I am not sure if I have a favorite actor but I would be interested to see Harry Syles in that kind of role. 
user2: Ok, Im getting quite interested in the plot
user2: The scene of the British Navy seems really good
user1: In another scene a group of scottish soldiers hide in a trawler
user2: and what about critic responses?
user2: So it has a variety of scenarios
user2: Harry Syles is a great actor
user2: I like him a lot
user1: My favorite is "surround his audience with chaos and horror from the outset." (critical review) 
user1: and a "triumph in filmaking" 
user2: Those seem pretty positive
user2: does the movie have any negative reviews or critical responses?
user1: There is one...
user2: And whats it about
user1: a critic calls it 106 minutes of big screen bombast that is so concerned with its own spectical and scale that it neglects to deliver on drama. 
user1: I would imagine one would have to expect a war film to be bombastic
user2: Yeah, I think its one of the requirements actually, but if it has other good reviews I imagine its a great movie
user2: I think im going to watch it
user2: it seems like a movie I will like
user2: Thanks a lot 

conversation:
user2: I think it's amazing how packed this movie was considering it was only 106 minutes.
user1: I agree, I was really interested in checking it out being a fan of war movies, especially WWII settings, and I certainly wasn't disappointed. Christopher Nolan doesn't seem to ever disappoint! 
user2: Agreed! I thoroughly agree with the 92% rating,
user2: Did you see it in IMAX? The 70mm screen was impressive.
user1: Same here, I typically look at metacritic over rotten tomatoes, and sometimes they can vary vastly in their ratings, but even on metacritic it got a 94!
user2: Yes, the critical ratings were very consistent.
user1: I didn't see it in imax, unfortunately, as there aren't any near me, but seeing it in regular theatre was just as good. Fionn Whitehead being cast as the lead was absolutely perfect. He knocked his character, Tommy, out of the park. 
user2: Agreed. I think it was a clever move to name him Tommy to make him more representative of the average person.
user1: I really enjoy how there's not a whole lot of dialogue in the movie. It definitely creates a very suspensful setting engaging the audience with just the sights and music. 
user1: The use of time period specific things, like boats that participated in the evacuation was also a nice touch as well. They certainly went all out in making sure this movie was a hit. 
user2: I especially like their use of practical effects--Nolan's a champ at that. So much better than trying to use CGI for everything!
user2: George going blind and everything that resulted from that was so sad; I can't imagine what that was like.
user1: The scene where they find a wounded man after the German dive-bomber attack I found very interesting. When they rushed his stretcher onto a hospital shit but weren't allowed to board the ship themselves, just think if they were allowed on and then perished when it was sunk by that torpedo. Whole different ending in many ways. 
user2: Yeah, for sure. I liked how they built up the suspense for something so simple as just getting a stretcher onto a ship. The constant beats of finding safety and losing it again definitely drives the story forward.
user1: They also almost never went to Dunkirk. After they rescued that officer from the wrecked ship and he tried to turn them around. That was a pretty pivotal point in the movie. 
user2: It really highlights how both individual moments (the one boat) and communal efforts (the entire civilian boat squad) matter in war, I think.
user1: Definitely. To think, if they never had that tussle with the officer that was shell-shocked and tried to get them to turn around, George wouldn't have suffered that head injury and went blind. 
user2: And the scene with Gibson is so heart breaking. Tommy tried to defend him when they find out he's french, but it didn't matter and he died anyway.
user1: I agree, the moment he got tangled in that chain, I knew it was going to spell disaster. 
user2: The same thing happened with George too, really. Him lying to protect the shell-shocked officer's peace was a brave thing.
user1: Agreed. On another note, I thought the visuals were pretty awesome when Farrier shot down that bomber and it rashed into the oil slick from that destroyer. 
user2: It was a great moment, particularly since they then revealed that Peter had lost his own brother.
user1: I almost forgot about that. He was a pilot as well if I remember correctly, and also died in the war. 
user2: Yeah. It's so amazing that they managed to get so many men out, and I loved hat the Commander stayed behind to help the French too. It was a good callback to trying to save Gibson.
user1: Yea, how crazy was it that over 300 thousand people were evacuated? 10 times more than what they expected. 
user2: It's amazing how something that can seem like a failure at first--as per Alex's understanding--can wind up being an amazing success just on the sheer scale of it.
user1: Agreed, things look so much different on the outside than being in it I'm sure. Look at the hero's welcome they received, and everyone's praise of them being heroic. 
user2: For sure. The use of the newspaper to get Churchill's speech in was a nice touch, and I also loved that they honoured George too.
user1: I agree, the reference to Churchills paper wasn't overdone, and really added an element that needed to be shown, without it coming off too cheesy. George was one of my favorite characters, and him being honored as a hero was great!

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hi
user2: So let's talk about this movie.
user1: so what can  you tell me about the movie
user2: The movie is called Dunkirk.
user1: Is'nt that about some war?
user2: It's a war movie, and it's very highly rated. I recommend it.
user1: really, any famous actors in it?
user2: Yes, it is about the Dunkirk evacuation in World War II.
user2: It has Fion Whitehead, Jack Lowden
user1: Oh well it does sound interesting, i will put it on my dvr list of things to watch
user1: Never heard of those 2
user2: Tom Glynn-Carney, Harry Styles, Aneurin Barnard.
user2: I don't know them either.
user2: Anything else I can tell you about the film?
user1: great thanks i've heard of them. Can't imagine harry styles in a movie
user1: Is there alot of killing
user2: I think so, there's a lot of 'chaos and horror.'
user1: Are they fighting the germans?
user2: Yes, there's a scene where the soldiers are trapped in a boat, hiding.
user2: And the Germans shoot it full of holes for target practice, not knowing they are in the boat.
user2: And they have to remain silent, and wait for them to leave.
user1: That sounds thrilling , and action packed as you have said
user1: Do they become pow's?
user2: There's also a scene where a Destroyer ship that they swim to for rescue, is sunk by a bomber.
user1: Wow it really sounds like a good war movie
user1: Any romance in it?
user2: They do not become POWs.
user2: It's all about the fighting and action, there's no real romance in this film.
user1: oh that's good!  
user1: No worries i can deal with just a good old war movie
user2: It is good! It has a 92% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
user1: That is good, i think i heard it is up for an emmy or oscar
user2: I do not know if it is nominated for any awards, but it also has a 94% rating on Metacritic.
user2: What else can I tell you about the film?
user1: I can't really think of anything else. sounds like an action packed movie.
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: The whole thing is fighting and narrow escapes.
user1: Sounds very suspenseful, i'm sure i heard that it was nominated. 

conversation:
user1: whats going on 
user1: Hello
user1: Have you seen that movie
user1: I need for you to chat with me 
user2: Hi! Have you seen Dunkirk?

conversation:
user1: Hello
user1: Looks like we have the movie "War".  
user1: Have you seen this movie?
user2: yeah I saw it in theaters 
user2: It was a bit boring so I don't remember all the deatails 
user1: I read wrong the title is Dunkirk.  But I have no even heard of it at all.
user1: I"m not a huge fan of war movies or things like that
user1: I dont think I even know any of these actors
user2: it was a better war movie but yeah id agree im not a big fan of war movies
user1: I would fall asleep lol
user2: it was a very british movie so i think tha cast was a lot of british actors
user1: Oh I see- that makes sense
user2: the score was really good in it though the music made the scenes more intense
user1: Has a pretty good rating score for what it is
user1: I was just checking that out- the score. 
user1: I bet the movie sound effects were good for sure especially in a theater 
user2: yeah its a really mature movie my parents liked it 
user2: it was confusing too 
user1: My husband likes movies like this-he would watch it. My son may even like it.  Me and my daughter would be like nahhhh lol
user2: yeah my boyfriend didnt like it at all. there wasnt much conversation and i think a lot of people hyped that idea up but the execution wasnt that good it turned out to be more hard to follow 
user2: i guess they were going for intese and they got confusing 
user1: I"m guessing you have to know a good bit about history to follow it
user2: yeah totally 
user1: i would be sooo lost !
user1: i'm not a history buff at all 
user1: i'm sort of shocked it does have such a high score 
user1: Seems like it might be a slow to start movie too- all these scenes are talking about a boat sinking
user2: yeah im not surprised though I feel like rotten tomato has bad reviews the movies i hate have great reviews and the one i love have okay reviews 
user2: the actors were really handsome 
user2: and the fact they had harry styles was cool 
user1: haha that is a good point. i was just talking to someone about that rating system the other day- i felt like some movies were tore up on there and others were rated so highly
user1: now it's a beach scene  they are discussing lol
user1: I have heard the name harry styles, but can't put a face. i'm going to have to google it
user2: he was in a boy band 
user2: one direction 
user1: OHHHH!! Lol that's funny
user2: they were like the new british justine beibers 
user2: yeah over all good movie. I think I'm going to head out have a great day :) 
user1: I googled his picture- that is so weird seeing him in this lol
user1: thank you u too! 

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hi. 
user2: like the movie?

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hi
user1: Have you seen Dunkirk?
user2: No I have not
user2: What kind of a movie is it?
user1: It's based on a war film that depicts WW2
user2: So the genre would be a drama?
user1: It shows the chaos and horror that took place during WW2
user1: Genre is war
user1: Directed by Christopher Nolan
user2: Are there a lot of violent scenes?
user1: Yes, lot of war scenes
user2: Was it hard to watch?
user1: The critical response talks about the horror that surrounded the war and all the effects of the war
user2: How was the cinematography?
user1: It could be hard for some people who don't enjoy violence
user1: Supposed to be good, great sets too
user2: I think war films can bring up emotions in some people making it hard for them to watch
user1: Very enjoyable in IMax
user2: Were there big named actors in it?
user1: Yes, that could be true for many people
user2: Oh, I would think that watching in Imax would be great!
user1: Ye, there is Harry styles, Fionn Whitehead, Jack Lowden
user2: Oh, I like them!  I bet they were really good in the roles!
user2: Is it a very long movie?
user1: The description doesn't show run time, but I think it is pretty long'
user2: Did you like it?
user1: I did not get to watch it, had planned to in the theater. But heard and read good things about the movie
user2: I have heard that it's highly rated too.
user2: But I'm not sure I can stomach a war film, brings up some bad emotions
user1: I might watch it on DVD now
user2: That actually sounds like a good idea, I can pause if necessary

conversation:
user1: hello?
user2: Dunkirk is a great movie and you should watch it
user1: What's it about?
user2: It's a war movie based on world war 2
user1: Who is the director?
user2: Christopher Nolan
user1: Oh, I like his others movies. nice. 
user2: The movie has a high rating on Rotten Tomatoes 92%
user1: What's the audience score? I find that more accurate tbh
user2: 8.6
user1: Ok. How long is it?
user2: I'm not sure, but did you know the cast included Fionn Whitehead?
user1: No. Is Cillian Murphy in it also?
user2: No.
user1: How about Tom Hardy?
user2: No
user1: Is it an action film?
user2: Yes
user1: I think I heard it's about World War II, is that right?
user2: Yes, it is a world war 2 movie
user1: Is it historically accurate?
user2: Yes, it depicts ww2 in the 1940's. 
user1: And it's still in theatres?
user2: I am not sure about that, but did you know the movie was shot on IMAX 65mm and 65mm large
user1: Kind of like his last film. Nice. Ok, I am interested.
user2: Critics said "Surround his audience with chaos and horror"
user1: This was Oscar nominated too, wasn't it?
user2: I am not sure about that, but critics also said " There's little doubt that Nolan has, without sentimentality or sanctimony raise the genre
user1: Interesting, thanks for all the info.
user1: goodbye

conversation:
user1: Have you seen dunkirk
user2: Not yet, Though I've heard of it and it's sounds interesting.
user1: Its so good
user1: its one of those movies you have to see in theaters, but I am sure it will still be good in home
user2: Really?
user2: It's what's expected for a Christopher Nolan movie
user1: Yes, its one of his best
user1: it hardly has any dialogue in it as well, which was different but cool
user2: it's true to life isn't it?
user1: oh yeah, it takes place right before world war 2 really kicks off
user1: its right before the United States enters the war as well
user2: yeah it's a war genre movie
user1: its a really intense one too
user2: were lucky that were not around at that time. lol
user1: it has multiple storylines through the air, sea, and land
user1: exactly, it was a tough time for England
user2: yeah, sounds like it's a movie for guy, dunno if girls would like it.
user1: Yeah, there are really no women in it at all
user1: just a lot of guys
user1: But it does have some really good actors in it
user2: yeah, based on the cast, it seems it's has some big names on their belt
user1: its a lot of actors chris nolan has used before, but they all do well
user2: not to mention it also sells in box office
user1: yeah it did well at the box office for sure
user2: i'm getting more excited to watch it. 
user2: probably check out the internet later 
user1: You should asap, its a great movie
user1: I saw it 3 times in theaters
user2: they said it's Nolan's best movie ever made.. now I'm getting more curious
user2: lol... 3 times in theater? you must be a fan now!
user1: Yeah, its up there
user1: for sure, it was a great experience for sure
user2: lol. I'm looking forward to it.
user2: thanks for the information

conversation:
user1: It looks like this movie has a really good rating by the critics!
user2: yes
user1: It would be interesting to see it considering it is a war movie with very little dialogue.
user2: dialogue  seems less
user1: I bet the cinematography is beautiful.
user2: ya sure suspense is always beautifultriller
user1: I like that it takes on different perspectives as well.
user2: yes sure
user1: Do you like movies like this?
user2: yes but included with comedy too '
user1: Do you think this movie will be as good as the ratings make it out to be?
user2: surely rating will be high
user1: I wonder if Harry Styles plays a solid role in this
user2: yes
user1: It's interesting that he was cast for the role considering he is a singer and not an actor by profession
user2: yes 
user1: Do you know what other movies Christopher Nolan has made?
user2: no  now only i am going check the hits of christopher
user1: Reading the key scenes, it seems like this movie is very suspenseful 
user2: ok will see
user1: Since it is about World War 2, I'm sure it's very much edge-of-your seat
user2: it came with the year ?
user1: Have you seen any other movies starring Fionn Whitehead?
user2: ya 
user2: i am not remmber the name 
user1: Do you think he is a good actor?
user2: but ending is not look
user1: You don't think the ending looks good?
user2: yes

conversation:
user1: Hello
user1: What is the title of the movie?
user1: I did not see it. Do you know the title of the movie?
user2: Hello. The film is called "Dunkirk".
user2: Yes I have seen it.
user1: OK! Did "Dunkirk" get good reviews?
user2: Yes. For the most part, all of the critics say it is a very exciting and powerful film.
user1: What genre is it in?
user2: A war movie.
user1: What war does the Dunkirk depict?
user2: World War 2
user1: I don't know. What types of characters are portrayed?
user1: I did not. I did not see the movie yet.
user1: I am deciding if I would like to see Dunkirk
user2: British soldiers and pilots mostly.
user2: You should see it if you like exciting movies.
user1: OK. Does the movie take place in the United Kingdom?
user2: France
user2: But the characters are mostly British.
user1: Are protagonists British? Or are they from another country?
user2: There is a French character who maquerades as a British soldier though
user1: The the French character a spy?
user2: Sort of. He steals a British soldier's identity.
user1: Who is the main character?
user2: He is a private named Tommy
user1: What actor plays Tommy?
user2: Fionn Whitehead. There is an interesting story about how he was cast.
user1: Oh. How was he cast?
user2: He had to audition in a process lasting several months and had to do it in secret
user1: Wow. Who did he have to keep it a secret from?

conversation:
user2: Hello
user2: What do you call your movie
user1: The movie is called Dunkirk
user2: Oh, is it a comedy?
user1: Dunkirk is a war movie
user2: That sounds interesting
user2: Did you enjoy it?
user1: I did. It received a 92% on Rotten Tomatoes and one critic referred to it as a "masterpiece."
user2: That sounds like a good review
user2: What war is it set in?
user1: It depicts World War II
user2: Ok
user2: Does it depict a battle that took place in France?
user1: I am not sure, but the actors portray British and French soldiers. The fighting takes place on land, air, and sea.
user2: Is there lots of excitement?
user2: Did you feel the movie was historically accurate?
user2: Were the characters well cast?
user2: Did you fall asleep during the movie?
user2: Or was is captivating
user2: Who won
user2: Do you agree with Rotten Tomato?
user2: Or was it incorrectly rated?
user2: Are you there?

conversation:
user2: hi
user2: have you watch the movie Dunkrik
user1: no, what is it about?
user2: it about  trapping Allied troops on the beaches of Dunkirk. Under air and ground cover from British and French forces, troops were slowly and methodically evacuated from the beach using every serviceable naval and civilian vessel that could be found. 
user1: oo ok. what actors are in the movie?
user2: the director  Christopher Nolan 
user2: Christopher Nolan's first history movie is bold, visceral, and powerful, with many moving sequences -- though some of his filmmaking choices can be challenging.
user2: Dunkirk dramatizes the complexity of war—both its horrors and heroism—while admirably not straying beyond the boundaries of a PG-13 rating.
user2: hello
user2: R u here
user2: I am waiting

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: hello
user1: What do you think of the movie?
user2: what's this document 
user1: I'm sorry?
user2: yes,i thick good
user1: You liked it?
user2: yes 
user1: Which character is your favorite?
user2: my favorite tommy
user1: Why is that?
user2: Because its my favorite role
user1: He seems like a hero in the movie
user1: He saves lots of people
user2: And its masterpiece of film
user1: Christopher Nolan is a talented director
user2: yes ,very good
user1: Gibson is my least favorite
user2: Alex  is my least favorite
user1: Why is that?
user2: no reason
user1: Do you like war movies?
user2: yes
user1: Do you agree with the rating?
user2: yes,i agree 
user1: Do you think it is the best war movie of the year?
user2: yes
user2: because the war very good
user1: Do you look at ratings before you watch the movies?
user2: no
user1: I normally do

conversation:
user2: What were your thoughts on this movie? Did you enjoy it/
user1: I'm not a big fan of war movies, so I've never actually seen it to be honest. What's your opinion?
user2: Well, when I watched it, I actually fell asleep halfway. I'm really not into war movies either but I gave it a shot. It had very little dialogue which made it very confusing to understand.
user2: the movie kept directing it back and forth to different scenes which made it so hard to follow
user1: Yeah, from what I've read in the  introduction, it appears they didn't use much sound.  I can somewhat understand the reasoning, but don't think it would make it much more interesting or easy to follow.
user1: I think the actors look decent in it though.
user2: Honestly, one of the reasons I decided to watch it was because Harry Styles was in it. But the acting was also done horribly. I'm not sure how it got 92% on rotten tomatoes
user2: I might have to give it another try
user1: I see that Rotten Tomatoes gave it that, but I don't trust them at all.
user2: Really? I usually trust rotten tomatoes 
user1: I think everyone has their own tastes and preferences, so putting stock into someone else's views is meaningless to me.  The fact they gave it 92, means I probably wouldn't like it.
user1: So it's based on an ambush in WW2? Is that correct?
user2: yeah it's about a German ambush
user1: So the main character is Tommy, who is the only survivor?
user2: No I believe there were three survivors
user2: Tommy, Alex, and Gibson
user2: Gibson saves TOmmy adn Alex
user1: I see that. So he found the other 2 people then after surviving the ambush?
user1: It says they hide inside a trawler. What is that anyway?
user2: a trawler is like a fishing boat
user2: I'm not really sure about your first question
user1: So then they end up getting into an argument while trying to hide out?
user2: yeah, I believe so. But there is a very interesting scene in this movie which I will tell you about 
user1: Sounds like there is plenty of action on the sea after they get on the boat.
user2: So their ship was about to sink because of all the holes and they ended up at a point where they had to throw people out of the boat to make it lighter
user2: All the members in the boat actually ganged up on one person to sacrifice their life for the others
user2: which I thought was very intense
user1: So 300,000 people get evacuated? That's a lot of people. I guess that's good they were saved.
user2: yeah but I thought it was horrifying for that one person who had to jump out
user2: but overall I think the director of the movie wanted to show heroism
user1: Yeah that seems insane. At least they got some kind of commendation.
user1: It says they cross the English channel.  I wonder how far that was.
user2: The hero in the movie was George because since he ended up saving so many men. So the ending did a good job by showing his heroism by having a front page article about him
user2: I believe the English Channel is about 5000 miles
user1: At least they made the paper too I suppose.
user2: Would you watch this film if you got the chance?
user1: I think I would. It seems semi interesting

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: hi
user1: Do you know what we are discussing today? Are we supposed to bring up a movie or something?
user2: Dundrik
user2: Dundirk
user2: im sorry bye
user1: Its okay

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Have you seen Dunkirk?
user2: No I haven't. 
user2: What type of movie is it?
user1: The movie came out this past year and was directed by Christopher Nolan. Its a historical drama. The cast & the story line is breathtaking. 
user2: That sounds very interesting. What event in history is it portraying? 
user1: It is about the World War II's evacuation of Dunkirk. 
user2: Sounds like an interesting topic. Probably something I'd go out and see.
user2: Have you seen the film personally already?
user1: Nolan does a great job directing this film, and has a great vision. What I think makes this movie unique is that has 3 main situations happening and they are all happening simultaneously and different time increments. 
user1: I have seen it personally, one of my favorite movies of all time. 
user2: I haven't seen many films in the past few months (a bit behind). Sounds like it is very captivating.
user1: Do you know much about the background and World War II
user2: It's been a while since I've brushed up on the finer details, but yes I do have a good idea about WWII.
user2: What else about the movie did you like?
user1: The main portion of the movie revolves around a single soldier that was the sole survivor of his team that was attacked. It follows him as he tries to get on a huge evacuation ship. You follow him and the relationships he make with other soldiers. 
user2: How did you like the actor who portrayed that role?
user1: That role was portrayed by Fionn Whitehead, I have never seen this actor in any other roles so he was new to me. I believe he did a really good job. He wasn't my favorite seems very novice. especially with all the other experienced actors 
user2: I've never heard of him either. Maybe it's his first big film.
user2: Are you familiar with other works by Christopher Nolan? 
user2: His movies also seem to be paired with great soundtracks as well.
user1: Yes, I like a handful of his movies. In a lot of his films he uses Tom Hardy. I am a huge Tom Hardy Fan.
user2: Very true! I too am a fan of Hardy.
user1: He plays a spitfire Pilot in Dunkirk, he does an amazing job in this role. 
user2: That sounds like a great fitting role for him. 
user1: It was, he didn't have a large role, but what parts he was in were really good
user1: Me personally I prefer when a movie has a realistic end rather than an "Happy Ending"
user2: I'd say it depends on my "mood of the day." But for a good drama film, a realistic ending is definitely preferred. 
user2: Did Dunkirk have a "happy ending"?
user1: I feel like Dunkirk had an amazing realistic ending. So the main character did get to evacuate but, after losing some of the friends he gained along the way. Tom Hardy's character was captured. There were also some deaths of some key characters.  
user1: It over all had a happy ending, but a very realistic one. 
user2: That's good. Makes it a bit less predictable too at the end. 
user2: Would you say this is your most favorite Christopher Nolan film?
user1: I think so too. Really good movie, you should watch it sometime, if I haven't spoiled to much for you.
user1: I think so, but Inception is a close second. 
user2: I think I definitely will! I was a huge fan of Inception--saw it 3-4 times in theaters. 
user2: It was nice chatting with you. Hope you have a great day!
user1: You too!!

conversation:
user1: Not so sure about Harry Styles in this movie, just doesn't seem like a good fit to me.
user2: Harry Styles surprised me with his ability to act, especially without a singing gimmick.
user2: I think IMAX is the perfect format for telling a story of this magnitude.
user2: Do you think the 70mm enhanced the storytelling?
user1: I think it will be great to see a war movie from air, land and sea, too often it is just from one aspect.
user1: I don't know if I think it did.
user2: I think it helped convey the scale of the evacuation and added grandeur.
user1: I can see that. Your right.
user2: The massive set pieces were dazzling. 
user2: Did you like the pontoon set? 
user1: It was amazing how non manufactured everything appeared.
user1: Yes it was amazing.
user2: What did you think of Tommy and Gibson working together to help the wounded man?
user1: They were great together, but horrible they couldn't be taken by the boat too.
user2: I liked the element of humanity the scene added to the film.
user1: Absolutely, it is nice to be able to connect like that to a piece.
user2: Gibson, even though he is a French soldier, still helps them.
user1: I know, it is nice to see there is always some good out there.
user2: What do you think of the tension building through these scenes as the boys struggle to survive?
user1: Oh watching the German troops use the boat as target practice, and us knowing they were inside, I couldn't imagine. 
user2: Especially as it fills with water!
user1: What about when Gibson reveals he is French?
user2:  He has shown his humanity by helping others, so it was heartbreaking to see the others turn on him.
user1: Seeing George's body carried away was a killer.
user2: That was really hard to watch the officer they had saved inflict that trauma upon George.
user2: It was incredible that they evacuated 300,000 soldiers. I thought the 70m really shined when seeing the scale of that.
user1: Yes painful, but to know 300,000 were evacuated was amazing.
user1: I agree with you there.  And how nice to see Dawson honored for saving so many men.
user2: Yes, and to see the men honored when the train arrived at the station when they thought they would be scorned.
user2: Did you like how much of the story was told with so little dialog?
user1: Yes, and to see Tommy read the address.
user1: Yes the minimal dialog was different but I think it worked for what they were trying to accomplish.
user2: It takes incredible skill for a filmmaker to tell such a big, violent story with such delicacy. 
user1: Agreed, and Christopher Nolan nailed the directing.
user2: The practical effects added to the production quality. 
user2: What did you think of Hoyte van Hoytema's cinematography?
user1: They hit the nail on the head.
user2: Which scenes do you think best utilized his talent?
user1: The thousands of extras were impressive.
user2: Yes, having so many extras in World War II period clothing and gear must have been a huge job for props and costumes.
user1: The way they were able to recreate the period planes was amazing as well.
user2: Yes, the production design was stunning. Those ships were quite impressive. 
user1: The whole thing was deeply moving
user2: Did you have a favorite character?
user1: I would say Dawson.
user1: How about yourself?
user2: I thought Gibson was very interesting, but of course I loved sweet George.
user1: You can't help but love George.
user2: I disagree with some of the critical response that said that it was "so concerned with its own spectacle and scale that it neglects to deliver the most crucial element- drama." 
user2: I thought the drama was handled with great finesse, and there was a delicate balancing act taking place between the spectacle of scale while simultaneously breathing life into characters.
user1: Yes I agree with you there but I love that they gave Nolan credit, "There's little doubt that [Nolan] has, without sentimentality or sanctimony, raised thatgenre to the level of art...with the resonant force of an enduring screen classic.", they were dead on with that.
user2: I agree with that response. 

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hi, the movie we're talking about is Dunkirk.
user2: okay what did you think of it
user1: It's a movie about WWII. I'm not into war movies, but this one has excellent reviews.
user2: does the director have other big or well known movies under his belt
user1: It's written, directed and co-produced by Christopher Nolan, I don't know his other movies.
user2: he did Intersteller ,do you remember that one?
user1: Nope, never heard of it.
user2: Well what can you tell me about Dunkirk?
user1: Heavy emphasis on cinematography, so little dialogue. You would have to be interested in the subject matter to appreciate this movie.
user2: It was based on a true story,the British Army was saved by a flotilla of small private boats
user1: Seems very action heavy, fast paced.
user2:  Are there any big name stars in the movie?
user1: Fionn Whitehead, Tom Glynn-Carney, Jack Lowden, Harry Styles, Aneurin Barnard.
user2:  DO you know if it is "historically accurate" for the most part ,or does more or less just use the setting
user1: Sounds like it is an accurate portrayal. Given the high ratings, I'm guessing audiences agreed.
user2: did it win any awards
user1: Not that I'm aware of.
user2: is it a long movie
user1: It doesn't say, but I'm guessing it would have to be to cover the scope of the material.
user2: what is it's rotten tomatoe score
user1: 92% and average 8.6/10
user2: does it have an IMDB?
user1: Doesn't mention it, just Rotten Tomatoes, Metacritic, and CinemaScore.
user2: would you pay money and see it at a theatre?
user1: It's not my type of movie, so no. 
user2: okay we just hit 12 questions
user1: okay

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: hi
user1: What movie are we discussing today?
user2: dunkirk 
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: yes
user2: have you
user1: I wanted to as it related to WW2
user1: I heard Harry Styles did a great job
user2: Yes, it was a good movie 
user1: Who is it directed by?
user2: christopher nolan
user1: Oh, yeah, he is a great and talented director
user2: yes
user2: it was highly rated 
user2: it shows the evacuation from different perspectives
user2: hello
user1: Does it show how Germany's aircrafts performed and what caused them to lose the war?
user2: it shows how they flew but it doesnt specifically show anything that caused them to lose the war 
user1: Oh, okay. I had read that the British fighter planes were superior
user1: What role does Harry Styles play?
user2: alex, a private in the Argyll
user2: christopher nolan didnt know he was a popular singer when he cast him either
user1: I wonder if this movie is nominated for the Oscars?
user2: im not sure, i think it was 
user2: it received some nominations i think but i dont remember if it won
user2: do you like war movies
user2: hello
user1: Not much usuallly but if it is related to history, maybe
user2: it was historically accurate
user2: they used boats that participated in the evacuation and period airplanes
user1: These movies are usually good when it comes to art direction
user2: yes
user2: it does not have much dialogue to create suspension
user2: they used thousands of extras 
user1: I'm sure

conversation:
user2: Hi there.  Im interested in discussing Dunkirk.  Is that something you want to see?
user1: Hello! Possibly, what is it about?
user2: Is a war film made by Spielberg
user2: rather Nolan, not Spielberg
user1: I see. Are there any big-name actors in the film?
user2: Not really, its the director and subject matter that are the main lures here.  But Harry Styles is in it- the One Direction singer
user1: That's interesting! I enjoy that band. 
user1: What is the age rating for the movie?
user2: Im not sure but Im fairly certain its for mature audiences.  It gets excellent reviews
user1: Oh okay. Is there an overall review rating for it?
user2: There are a few- it gets a 92% rotten tomatoes score, a 94/100 metacritic score and a cinemascore of A-
user1: Wow, that's actually pretty good scores! 
user1: Can you tell me if there's anything that makes this movie unique from other war films?
user2: Sure.  It shows a moment in time as experienced by several people at Dunkirk
user1: Is there anything else that makes it unique?
user2: It was shot on 65mm large film stock format so it's a big, enveloping movie, beautifully shot.  
user2: There is sparse dialogue and it depends on its visual splendor
user1: Is there anything else you can tell me about it?
user1: Possibly things that I wouldn't like about the movie?
user2: As a war film it has violence and death and its melacholy
user2: But thats also the strength of it.  It shows whats real in war time
user1: How long is the movie?
user2: 106 mintes
user1: Is it still in theaters?
user2: I dont think so. 
user1: Oh okay.
user2: I think you would like it.  Its probably available to rent or stream.  It might even be rereleased.  Its really a well done film
user2: Does it interest you?
user1: I wonder if it's available through Redbox.
user1: Yes, I am interested because of the information you provided.
user2: It might be...should be easy enough to find out.
user2: Good....I think it's worthwhile

conversation:
user1: 30 minutes for $2? FUCK THIS! Hey, let's ditch this shit.
user2: Whats that
user2: Its a great movie

conversation:
user2: Hello, are you going to tell me about a movie?
user1: Yes, it's a movie called Dunkirk, from Director Christopher Nolan.

conversation:
user1: hi 
user1: hello 
user2: hai
user1: anybody here 
user2: hello
user1: how r u 
user2: yes i am in here
user2: fine. how about u
user1: nice to meet u 
user1: ya fine 
user1: what r u doing 
user2: nice meet you
user1: where are u from 
user2: i am only amazon mturk employee
user2: what about u
user1: mee too 
user1: where are you from 
user2: i am newyork. u?
user2: i know ur name
user1: parish 
user2: oh ok ok 
user2: what degree u complete
user2: may i know ur name
user1: how you know my name ?
user1: i am complete engineering 
user2: when finish this survey
user1: are u saw the saw movie ?
user2: i dont know ur name. so only i asked ur name?
user1: just we will speak then its complet
user1: my name is jack 
user2: ok ok jack. r u married
user2: i call jack?
user1: whats ur name 
user1: are u married ?
user2: my name nancy
user1: give me your whats app no 
user2: ya married . for u
user1: no 
user2: give me ur num i send message from watsapp
user2: what is ur age
user1: first i am asking from you 
user2: i  like finish conversation
user1: 20
user2: bye bye 
user1: no shall we talk some movies 
user1: that is survey 
user2: first boy first
user1: shall we do our job first 
user2: ok tel about movie
user1: are u saw the saw movie 
user1: how is it 
user1: i like it very much 
user2: like very much
user1: i like it also inception movie 
user1: are u like that 
user2: no some interest only
user1: ok now we are finished our conversation 
user1: bye thank you 
user2: sometimes interesting sometimes not interest
user2: boy 
user2: finally send ur no

conversation:
user2: HEY FRIEND
user1: Hi, the movie seems to have good ratings
user2: seriuosly
user2: its probably the highest rated movie i Have seen in a while
user1: With an 90 average, it must have been a great film
user1: The movie is said to have little dialogue and focused on suspense and cineamatography
user2: considering such rating i believe Christopher Nolan must be a great writer
user1: I have never heard of him
user1: The plot sounds interesting
user2: same here too, i am only judging from the ratings his work received
user2: yeah it does sound interesting
user2: though i have always loved war/action movies
user1: I'm not to fond of war movies, however, I think this one would be great to see
user2: It is more or less a new movie
user1: Wow he is the solve survivor after a German ambush. 
user1: sole survivor
user2: tommy must have had a tough time in the movie
user2: why do you think they would be denied passage into the hospital 
user1: Tommy seems very loyal and a good soldier
user2: Yes truly, he acts more like a dedicated soldier
user1: I can't quite guess why they were denied entry
user2: so it grew to the extent of accusing themselves of being spy
user1: I see that and they joined a group of Scottish soldiers
user1: Wow he stole the identity of a dead soldier 
user2: yes but it never became easier for them still, imagine they couldn't trust nobody again
user2: I beleive that is the survival instinct in him 
user1: Yes, absolutely survival instinct 
user2: so the Scottish boat eventually sank? 
user1: Yep, it seems they shot at it
user1: Unfortunately, it seems that George was killed 
user2: pathetic, 
user1: This seems like a movie I would watch
user2: he died before the british soldiers were evacuated i guess
user2: i would definitely put it on my to watch list
user1: yes, he had a head injury that made him blind
user1: Yes, I would definitely watch this movie 
user2: are you familiar with any of the characters on the movie set
user1: I read Harry Styles I am assume its the singer
user2: all the names look vague to me, i don't seem to know anyone of them
user1: They look vague to me to
user1: The only one that stands out is Harry Styles
user2: anyways maybe we should try and watch the movie first and then talk about it some other time
user2: harry styles does not ring a bell
user1: Yes, thanks for chatting with me
user2: see you soon\

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: hi
user1: you like the film?
user2: yes
user1: good
user2: i like very much
user1: yeah it is good
user2: i would like to mentioned about the main characters 
user1: Do you like war films?
user2: yes very much
user1: do you like Christopher Nolan movies?
user1: he is the director

conversation:
user1: HELLO HAVE YOU SEEN DUNKIRK IT IS A 2017 WAR FILM WRITTEN DIRECTED AND CO PRODUCED BY CHRISTOPHER NOLAN.
user1: fLIMING BEGAN IN MAY 2016 IN DUNKIRK AND ENDED IN SEPT IN LA
user2: I was intrigued by the fact that Harry Styles, known for singing and not acting, was chosen to act in the movie.
user1: ME TOO HE PLAYED ALEX A PRIVATE IN THE ARGYLE AND SUTHERLAND HIGHLANDERS
user1: I HEAR THEY ARE A OSCAR CONTENDER THOUGH
user2: Nolan wasn't aware of his renown as a singer, which I found interesting, considering the level of renown around his singing career.
user2: The movie was critically acclaimed by both critics and moviegoers, so I can see why it would be nominated.
user2: I thought it was interesting that the movie didn't contain much dialogue
user1: I LIKE THE ACTOR TOM GLYNN CARNEY AS PETER 
user2: I liked Fionn Whitehead as Tommy
user2: his audition process lasted several months. 
user1: ROTTON TOMATOES GAVE IT 92 PERCENT AND AVERAGE 8.5/10
user2: The CinemaScore was an A-! 
user2: They used boats that participated in the actual evacuation, which was extremely interesting to me.
user1: THE MOVIE SURROUNDS THE AUDIENCE WITH CHAOS AND HORROR FROM THE ONSET AND AMAZING IMAGES PROBABLY WHY IT GOT SO MUCH ATTENTION FOR AN OSCAR.
user1: YES THAT IS INTERESTING!! IN 1940 DURING THE FALL OF FRANCE HUNDREDS OF SOLDERS RETREATED TO DUNKIRK.
user2: It's interesting that George, in an effort to stop the rescue ship that he landed on from heading back to Dunkirk. sustained a head injury that rendered him blind
user1: HARRY STYLES ACTUALLY WON THIS ROLE AND THEY DIDN'T EVEN KNOW HE WAS A SINGER 
user2: Tommy was the sole survivor of a German Ambush in the movie
user2: He made it to the beach and found thousands of soldiers waiting to be rescued
user1: THEY MOVIE DID VERY WELL IN USING LAND SEA AND AIR THROUGHOUT THIS FILM
user1: tHE PART WHERE THEY FIND A GERMAN DIVE BOMB ATTACK SOUNDS INTERESTING AS WELL
user2: When one of the boats starts taking on water due to gunshots, Alex accuses Gibson of being a spy and demanded that he leave.
user1: THEY LEAVE THAT NIGHT ON THE DESTROYER 
user2: Gibson had actually stolen his identity from a solider he had burried.
user2: Gibson ultimately ended up drowning, unfortunately
user1: AT SEA THEY RESCUE A SHELL SHOCKED OFFICER FROM A WRECKED SHIP
user2: 300,000 people were evacuated, that's 10 times more than estimated! 
user1: tOMMY ALEX AND GIBSON JOIN A GROUP OF SCOTTISH SOILDERS
user1: GERMAN TROOPS SHOT THE BOAT FOR TARGET PRACTICE
user2: The boat ultimately sank
user1: AT THE BEACH COMMANDER BOLTON WATCHES THE LAST BRITISH SOLDIERS LEAVE
user2: Alex and tommy made it aboard a train.
user2: Dawson was congratulated for saving so many mens lives
user1: ALEX EXPECTS A PUBLIC SCORN AS THE TRAIN APPROACHES WOKING BUT RECEIVES A HERO WELCOME
user2: Tommy read's winston Churchills address to the nation out loud from a newspaper
user1: TOMMY READS WINSTON CHIRCHHILLS ADDRESS TO THE NATION FROM A NEWSPAPER
user1: METACRITIC SCORE WAS 94/100
user2: one critic thought the movie lacked drama
user2: a crucial element
user1: TIGHT GRIPPING DEEPLY INVOLVING AND UNFORGETTABLE I CAN SEE WHY THIS MAY WIN 
user1: THERE IS WITH LITTLE DOUBT THAT NOLAN HAS RAISED THE GENRE TO A LEVEL OF ART 
user2: the movie was shot on IMAX 65 mm film
user1: ITS CONSIDERED A TRIUMPH IN FILDMMAKING
user1: FILMMAKING
user2: it wasn't felt to have manufactured sentimentality  or false heroics
user2: They used period aeroplanes
user1: I AM NOT SURE ABOUT THAT BUT DID YOU KNOW IT WAS CALLED AN IMPRESSIONIST MASTERPIECE
user1: WHEN YOU WATCH THE MOVIE LAND SEA AND AIR IT HAS BROUGHT ALL ELEMENTS INTO IT TO CREATE A MASTERPIECE
user2: I wasn't aware, it was slated as being deeply involving and unforgettable, however.
user1: DO YOU AGREE WITH THE RATING OF THE MOVIE/
user2: I do, do you? 
user1: SURE !! DOES THE PERFORMANCE OF THE ACTOR HARRY STYLES MAKE OR BREAK THIS MOVIE?
user2: Christopher Nolan really created an enduring screen classic.

conversation:
user1: hi
user1: how r y
user2: Hey there. Have you seen Dunkirk? If not, you should really check it out.
user2: The film has gotten a 92% on rotten tomatoes to give you an idea. Do you like war films?
user1: yes
user1: he film has gotten a 92% on rotten tomatoes to give you an idea. Do you like war films?
user2: Awesome! Well in that case, you will probably like it. It's a psychological thriller about the evacuation of soldiers at Dunkirk in WW2 from the perspectives of land, sea, and air soldiers.
user2: Does that interest you?
user1: yes i am interest
user2: Fantastic, well certainly check it out then!
user1: yes
user2: Would you like to hear more about the film?
user1: yes i would like it
user2: Sure thing! One of the key scenes starts as follows: In 1940, during the fall of France, hundreds of thousands of Allied soldiers have retreated toDunkirk. Tommy, a young British private, is the sole survivor of a German ambush. At thebeach, he finds thousands of troops awaiting evacuation and meets Gibson, who is buryinga body. After a German dive-bomber attack, they find a wounded man. They rush hisstretcher onto a hospital ship, but are denied passage themselves. The ship is sunk by dive-bombers; Tommy saves Alex, another soldier. They leave at night on a destroyer, which issunk by a torpedo from a U-Boat. Gibson saves Tommy and Alex, and they are broughtashore by a rowing boat.
user2: What do you think of that?
user1: sunk by a torpedo from a U-Boat. Gibson saves Tommy and Alex, and they are broughtashore by a rowing boat.
user2: Yeah, I enjoyed that plot element also about the sinking of the U-Boat. 
user1: yes i enjoy
user2: There was another scene in the movie I liked as well. Soldiers sit inside a beached boat while enemies shoot at it, causing bullet holes that let water in when the tide rises. How does that make you feel?
user2: Well, critics have described it as "tight, gripping, deeply involving and unforgettable ... triumph in filmmaking"
user2: Any thoughts?
user2: Still there?
user2: hello?
user1: Well, critics have described it as "tight, gripping, deeply involving and unforgettable ... triumph in filmmaking"
user1: hello
user1: yesss
user2: Hi, sorry, thought I lost you!! Good to see you're still here!
user2: What do you think about this movie now that we've discussed it?
user2: No thoughts?
user1: no thourhts
user2: Okay, well, how about another scene, want to hear about that?
user1: yes
user2: It involves the evacuation, where 300 thousand men have been evacuated, nearly 10 times more than estimated! All because of the non-military citizens helping to transport the soldiers. A truly spectacular moment!
user1: It involves the evacuation, where 300 thousand men have been evacuated, nearly 10 times more than estimated! All because of the non-military citizens helping to transport the soldiers. A truly spectacular moment!
user2: Well yeah, that's what I said! Does that interest you?
user1: no no
user2: It doesn't? Why not?
user2: Well, anyways, hope you enjoyed talking, and hope you see the movie since it is fantastic by all critical judgements!
user1: ok byee

conversation:
user1: Dunkirk seems like a good movie. It says there are little dialogue which leaves room for lots of action shots 
user1: What are your thoughts?
user2: Yes correct a movie with less dialogues, more war scenes and too much action
user1: Do you typically watch war movies?
user2: Yes I do, though the chaos and uncertainty and every scene makes me impatient but I do enjoy them
user2: i also respect Nolan's work
user2: He is an amazing director
user1: I don't typically watch war movies, but I think I'd watch Dunkirk because of the action of war movies and the good ratings it got
user1: I'm the type of guy who likes guns blazing action lol
user2: Oh yes I also watched it after reviewing the ratings 
user2: It is a very gripping movie and I paid attention althroughout 
user2: all through out
user1: Oh okay. Sometimes though, war movies can get a little gory. And I don't like too much blood and guts, but I understand movie directors got to be as realistic as possible
user2: Ok. Unlike most war movies in this movie the Navy/beach played a very important role 
user1: Really good description of what goes on during the movie. I haven't seen Dunkirk, but the way it's described is very detailed. 
user1: That's good that they take the Navy/beach into consideration and they aren't thrown off to the side of the action and play an important role
user2: Also the character Tommy was really strong, left alone, young, sole survivor, no dialogues just action... God cant imagine what he must be going through
user2: you should watch it
user1: Yea I'm gonna put it on the to do list to watch now. 
user2: Yes the war was described in detail but I had no idea it was shot in LA
user1: Ha! He stole a guy's identity. Gotta do what you gotta do in war
user1: Probably had to fake a British accent too 
user2: Yes, The movie had soldiers from all across Europe so I am sure but talking less much have helped. The movie definitely has very good cinematography 
user2: I meant fewer dialogues and just action 
user1: Man people die left and right in war movies
user1: But that's expected
user2: Yes, they have to show the chaos, horror, death, attach and stuff but given that there are so many World War movies, esp WWII this was very different concept
user2: attack*
user1: That seems like an awesome end to a movie. 
user2: Yes that was the best part about the movie 
user1: Seems like the main character maintains some sort of "regularness" at the movies end
user1: And that's quite a feat to rescue 300K men
user2: Yes it is
user2: War Movie + Drama so to speak, with a hero
user1: Dunkirk is probably one of the better WW2 films based on what I've read
user1: I'm gonna finish the conversation now. Nice talking with you
user2: Well the concept was unique so yes as there was nothing to compare it to
user2: Likewise Bye

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi.
user2: What is the name of the movie that you read about?
user1: The movie is Dunkirk. It is a World War II movie that depicts the British evacuation from Dunkrik.
user2: Is it a newer movie, or an older movie?
user1: A newer movie. Released in 2017.
user1: Do you like war movies?
user2: Oh okay, and yes I do, actually
user2: Do you like war movies?
user1: Yes. Have you seen Dunkrik?
user2: No, I've never heard of it before. Have you?
user1: Yes. I have watched it before in theaters. It is a very dramatic movie. It has a strong opening, where a young British private is the sole survivor of a German ambush.
user2: Interesting, how long is the movie?
user1: Sorry but I am not sure. I am sure a quick online search can answer that. Did you know that Christopher Nolan directed this movie?
user2: Who is Christopher Nolan?
user2: Sounds familiar.
user1: He is a film director. Also sorry I just saw in the document that movie is 106 minutes long.
user2: No biggie, 106 isn't too bad. Any notable actors in it?
user1: Flonn Whitehead, Tom Glynn Carney, Jack Lowden, Harry Styles, and Aneurin Barnard are the main cast.
user1: There is also an interesting scene from the movie where a character is accused of being a spy.
user2: oh really? that's interesting
user1: Yeah it was entertaining to watch that scene.
user1: There are also a few explosions and scenes of ships sinking. Does that sound like something you would want to watch?
user2: It does actually, I think it sounds pretty interesting
user2: I think I'll watch it
user1: That's nice.
user2: Yes
user1: There's also another scene that involves an evacuation. Over 300,000 soldiers were evacuated from Dunkirk.
user2: Where is Dunkirk?
user1: An area in France.
user2: oh okay
user1: It's where British soldiers retreated to when France fell to the Germans.

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: Hello
user2: like war movies`?
user1: Some at good, others are not, Which one?
user2: oh well, i dont really though but the ratings of the one we are talking about is quite good
user2: 8.6/10
user1: Which movie are you talking about?
user1: 8.6/10 That is a movie title?
user2: Dunkirk
user2: Dunkirk is the title of the movie
user1: OH, I did not see that yet?
user1: I read very mixed reviews.
user1: Did you like it?
user2: did they give u the document as well?
user1: no
user2: I don't im just in for the 2 dollars..hahaha
user1: That is a WWII movie, right?
user2: yea, written and produced by chritopher nolan
user2: I heard its a true life story
user1: Not sure I have seen other Nolan movies or not, do you know what else he has produced?
user1: True life, yes, Battle of Dinkirk
user2: not any that I can remember but he seems to be a house hold name
user1: Who are the actors
user1: other person left, so now what?

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: hi
user1: Have you ever seen this movie?
user2: Yes, I have. Do you love war movies?
user1: I do. They are great
user2: The movie I am talking about is Dunkirk. Its a good movie
user2: Have you ever heard of it?
user1: I have never seen this one though
user1: I have heard of it
user2: Its a good one, you ll love it
user1: What is it about?
user2: It's shot in the back drop of world war II to evacuate soldiers from the town of Dunkirk
user1: That sounds good. Did you see it?
user2: Yes, I have and I loved it... 
user1: Is it still in theaters?
user2: I would recommend you to watch it. Its directed by christopher nolan... It might be.
user1: The scores it has are off the charts. It must be good. 
user2: Rotten tomatoes has 8.6/10
user1: The story sounds really good
user1: The Metacritic score of 94/100 is really good
user2: Yeah... awesome war movie... It would be good to watch in theater...
user2: So are you going to watch the movie?
user1: I saw it was released in 2017, so it is definitely something new
user1: Yes I am
user2: Cool.
user2: Do you want to know anything more about the movie?
user1: No thanks. I know plenty
user2: Okay dokay.  Shall we end this conversation?
user1: I liked all of Christopher Nolan's movies before. This one must be just as good. Yes, let's end it
user2: Nice chatting with you.

conversation:
user1: Hello, so what's the name of the movie?
user2: The movie is Dunkirk which came out last year and was directed by Christopher Nolan.
user1: What actors are in Dunkirk?
user2: Some of the leading cast include Fionn Whitehead, Jack Lowden, and Harry Styles
user1: Does it say what the ratings for the movie were?
user2: The movie got excellent ratings in general. Rotten tomatoes have it a 92% fresh rating, MetaCritic scored it 94/100 and the CinemaScore was an A-
user1: Nice, nice. Do you know the time period the movie takes place?
user2: The movie takes place in World War II during the evacuation of Dunkirk
user1: What  armies are involved in the movie? Like what country are the armies
user2: Most of the cast is made up of British army and members of the Royal Air Force. The movie tries to show the evacuation from the perspective of land sea and air which makes it really interesting
user1: Ah I see! Do you know the rating of the movie? Like if it's PG or R rated.
user2: I don't know the rating of the movie but it depicts thousands of soldiers all clamoring to get off the beach at Dunkirk as the Germans are closing in. Some of the scenes include depictions of shell shocked soldiers and German attacks on the stranded soldiers
user1: Are there any other interesting events that occur in the movie?
user2: Some of the main characters are trying to board a ship in order to get off the beach but are denied passage onto the ship. Shortly afterwards the ship is sunk by German dive bombers
user1: That's unfortunate! Is it true a lot of the boats used were not navy boats but fisherman boats.
user2: Yes the British Navy employed a lot of civilian vessels so that they could get closer to the beach at Dunkirk
user1: Are the characters eventually able to find a boat to get on?
user2: Some of the characters hide inside a trawler that was abandoned on the beach and wait for the tide to rise so they can get carried out to sea. However while they are waiting the German troops use the boat for target practice, rendering the boat with too many holes and it sinks
user1: Do they die or are they able to survive after that?
user2: After the boat sinks they are picked up by a civilian vessel, the Moonstone, which had been a part of the movie depicting the role of non-Naval vessels in the rescue
user1: What happens after that?
user2: Those soldiers are rescued. Meanwhile a British destroyer had picked up many soldiers but was sunk by a bomber. The bomber is shot down and ignites the oil escaping from the sinking destroyer
user1: Does the fire spread to their ship too? Or are they able to avoid it
user2: They are able to safely cross the English channel and return to Britain
user1: Did the film win any awards?
user2: I'm not sure if the film won any awards, but the depiction of the events was really excellent. Near the end of the film there is a scene where the Naval Commander confirms that over 300,000 British troops have been evacuated, over ten times the amount that was originally estimated to be able to be saved
user1: So the operation was successful. Did Churchill make an appearance during the movie?
user2: I don't think he is seen during the film, but his address to the nation in a newspaper is read out by one of the characters once they are on a train returning home in Britain
user1: I see! Thanks for telling me about this film. It was helpful

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hello
user2: have you seen this movie?
user1: I have not, have you?
user2: no i havent
user2: do you like films about war?
user1: I do somewhat. Pearl Harbor was great
user2: Do you like films by Christopher Nolan?
user1: I do. Inception and Momento are some of my favorite movies.
user1: Do you?
user2: Yes, I do.
user1: i like that it says ¨It has little dialogue, since Nolan sought to create suspense from cinematographyand music.¨
user1: Since it is boring sometimes having too much dialogue.
user2: (But we're not supposed to talk about stuff outside the documents)
user2: Yeah, I agree about the dialogue
user2: Too much dialogue can be boring.
user1: Look at this comment: "[Dunkirk] is 106 clamorous minutes of big-screen bombast that's so concerned with itsown spectacle and scale that it neglects to deliver the most crucial element—drama."
user2: Haha
user2: That is a funny comment
user1: It is, I think drama is key in a movie like this.
user1: I need to watch this movie}
user1: look at the ratings: 
user1: Rotten Tomatoes: 92% and average: 8.6/102. Metacritic Score: 94/1003. CinemaScore: A-
user2: this comment is more positive:"an impressionist masterpiece" that was "deeply moving" but without "manufacturedsentimentality or false heroics."
user1: i like that, pearl harbor was filled with heroics which could be too much at times
user2: I suppose that "drama" for some critics is "sentimentality" for others
user1: Yeah, I agree
user1: this sums it up well: "There's little doubt that [Nolan] has, without sentimentality or sanctimony, raised thatgenre to the level of art...with the resonant force of an enduring screen classic."
user1: I like that Nolan always goes all in in his productions
user1: Cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema shot the film on IMAX 65 mmand 65 mm large format film stock. Dunkirk has extensive practical effects, using thousands ofextras, boats that participated in the evacuation, and period aeroplanes.
user2: Have you heard of any of these actors?
user2: Yeah, looks like he went all in
user2: I suppose Nolan would not be satisfied with computer generated boats and planes
user1: Yeah, to be honest cgi can be very cheesy sometimes. 
user1: i dont recognize any of the actors to be honest.
user1: do you?
user2: Nope
user2: Probably a deliberate choice to use unknown actors
user1: I agree, maybe new talent.
user1: In 1940, during the fall of France, hundreds of thousands of Allied soldiers have retreated toDunkirk. Tommy, a young British private, is the sole survivor of a German ambush. At thebeach, he finds thousands of troops awaiting evacuation and meets Gibson, who is buryinga body. After a German dive-bomber attack, they find a wounded man. They rush hisstretcher onto a hospital ship, but are denied passage themselves. The ship is sunk by dive-bombers; Tommy saves Alex, another soldier. They leave at night on a destroyer, which issunk by a torpedo from a U-Boat. Gibson saves Tommy and Alex, and they are broughtashore by a rowing boat.
user2: Do you like beach movies? ;)
user1: I am reading the key scenes
user1: I do, I suppose
user1: do you?
user2: yes
user1: what are your favorite beach movies?
user2: "At the beach, Commander Bolton watches the last British soldiers leave."
user2: British beach movies, the best
user1: oh yeah, they have a certain feel to it. 
user2: Have we talked enough?
user1: It says there would be 4 documents, but i only see two
user1: and we have discussed both
user1: we should click on finish conversation.
user1: good bye!

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: hey there.
user1: So, do you like war movies?
user2: yes I do
user1: then you would certainly like Dunkirk because it's deeply involving and unforgettable. 
user2: tell me about it
user1: The depiction of Dunkirk's evacuation is a spectacle of its own that it neglects to deliver the most crucial element and that is Drama. 
user2: how so
user1: Well, It depicts an evacuation from land, sea and air. Dunkirk has extensive practical effect which I think you would love.
user2: It sounds like it...tell me more
user1: Well, it surrounds his audience with amazing images and dazzlingly accomplished set pieces. 
user2: thats my favorite type of movie
user1: I told you. Nolan has raised that genre to the level of art.
user2: cant wait to watch
user1: I think you'd love the deeply moving aspect of it as well. 
user2: I would. I love a movie that has depth
user1: Who would've thought that the allies would be cornered after the fall of France in the second world war
user2: right! who would have thought
user1: Thank God that the British navy asked civilian boats to get close to Dunkirk so that they could evacuate people. 
user2: ??
user1: Yes they did. The people were desperate. I remember a scene where a non-British soldier stole an identity of another soldier just to evacuate with the British.
user2: oh no I wanted to watch it
user1: oh so sorry, I got carried away there. I'm not telling you what will happen with the 300,000 men cornered at Dunkirk. 
user1: One thing I can tell you is that the end result of the evacuation of those people surprised everyone. 
user2: oooh ok! well I just might have to watch it
user1: Do you think that those people later were celebrated as heroes? 

conversation:
user2: What kind of movie do you recommend?
user1: I recommend that you watch Dunkirk.
user2: what is that about 
user1: What kind of movie do you recommend?
user1: The movie is about the battle of Dunkirk during World War 2.
user2: oh yeah that is interesting 
user2: do alot of people die 
user1: The movie is interesting. The story is about the British army's retreat from Dunkirk.
user1: There were many casualties.
user2: sounds decent 
user2: do you think its worth the time to watch it 
user1: It is decent.
user1: It is worth the time to watch it.
user2: okay well sounds great thanks for your time 
user2: done
user1: Thank you for your time.
user2: ahh I guess we cannot be that quick 
user2: try typing done 
user1: Done
user2: no luck 
user2: okay well I guess we should just wait then. ANything else I should know about the movie? 
user1: Is there anything you would like to know about the movie?
user2: not really 
user2: you explained it well 
user1: It was explained well.
user2: oh I get it 
user2: """ This task will take 20 min of your time. You have to reply to your partner at least 12 times. The paragraphs will be available to you at all times during the task for reference. You will be paid $2 to complete this task.""
user1: Do you get it?
user2: so lets talk a bit morea bout it 
user2: how about the osundtrack 
user2: soundtrack 
user1: You would like to talk about the soundtrack. What would you like to know about the soundtrack?
user2: what kind of soundtrack
user1: The soundtrack is by Hans Zimmer. What would you like to know about the soundtrack?
user2: err I dont know.. It is an action movie

conversation:
user2: suh dude
user1: hello
user2: whats up
user2: ?
user1: So I guess we're supposed to talk about Dunkirk
user2: that movie was amazinggggggg
user1: what would you rate it out of 10?
user2: 10
user2: it was that good
user2: did you watch it?
user1: yeah, it was great. Im a big fan of war movies
user2: tom hardy was great in the movie
user2: even the guy from one direction was good.
user1: Im really not good with celebrities, which one was he?
user2: ummm i cant remember which character he was
user2: there was so many
user1: Its hard to imagine meeting someone for the first time as they are burying a body
user2: yea that scene was crazy
user2: it was a long movie
user1: I liked the action scenes though, especially the dive bomber attack.
user2: they were great
user2: i kind of lost track of the time in the movie
user2: it wasn't in order.
user1: Did you like the fight scene that left that one guy blind?
user2: yea that was part was great as well
user2: christopher nolan needs to make more war movies
user1: What did you think about them hiding in that boat as the tide was rising?
user2: i thought they were going to die honestly
user1: seems like a bad time to accuse someone of being a spy
user2: most definetly
user2: they were just scared
user1: I really like the drowning scene, it seemed very realistic
user2: it all looked realistic to me :P
user1: do you agree with the 92% it got on rotten tomatoes?
user2: it should have gotten more
user1: I think metacritic also gave it 94/100
user2: it deserves a 100 haha
user1: It was nice to hear about all the people they saved in the end of the movie

conversation:
user1: This is a great historical movie.  suspenseful and engaging with great cinematography.
user1: It has interesting characters and the choice of actors is very impressive.
user1: I like how there isn't much dialogue and was created from a historical standpoint but isn't too sentimental.
user1: Helloo?
user2: Hi there
user1: Hello.
user1: Would you like to see this movie based on what I said about it?
user1: I'm not sure if I did this right, but i am concerned about the time running out.
user1: This is a great movie if you're into historical movies.  I hope I explained it clearly.  what do you think?
user1: I'm not usually into war movies, but this one got such a great score for cinematography (A-) that I thought it would be worth seeing.  

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: hi
user2: how are you
user1: good...you?
user2: all rightand what movie will be
user1: I guess Dunkirk? A least thats what the document says on the left
user1: lol
user2: lol
user2: and what did you think
user1: ive seen it
user1: i thought it was boring
user1: what about you
user2: I did not like it
user2: and I really expected more
user1: yes
user1: i thought would have more action
user2: yes
user2: that's why I'm not very attracted to talk about it, I thought it was not interesting
user1: yes me too
user1: way too slow
user1: hard to talk about lol
user2: yees
user2: Maybe the system is slow
user1: yes,, i am not sure what we are even suppose to talk about lol
user1: other then the movie wasnt that good
user2: And it isthe plot I do not like
user1: yes 
user1: i was hoping it would of been more like saving private ryan
user2: when they bombed the pier it was intense
user2: yes
user1: yeah i think that was the most intense part
user2: yes
user1: just seemed like the whole movie was them hiding or trying to get away
user2: yes, and I did not like
user1: me either
user2: I wanted to see more outcome
user1: yes

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hi
user1: Let's talk about Dunkirk. Have you ever seen the film?
user2: No, I have not.  I do enjoy war movies though.
user1: So you have heard of it?
user2: I have heard of it.  Have you seen it?
user1: I have seen it. and I'm about to open your mind to the wonderful film that this is. 
user1: prepare yourself! 
user2: I'm prepared.
user1: Although the film was made in 2017 - it's actually a war story from WWII
user1: It scored a 92% favorable rating from Rotten Tomatoes and an average 8.6/10
user1: How 'bout them apples, eh!?
user2: 92% seems like a good rating.  A- from CinemaScore also seems positive.
user1: If I got an A- in my College classes, I would be ecstatic. 
user2: The film got good critical responses
user1: The film is good. But you don't have to take my word for it. Critics worldwide have provided responses such as "an impressionist masterpiece"
user1: Triumph in filmmaking - 
user2: Must be a WW!! movie.  I see it takes place in 1940.
user1: Unlike other WWII movies, this takes place a bit before America comes in and saves the day
user1: So it gives a different perspective. 
user1: This ain't no Saving Private Ryan
user2: Seems to be about the British Navy.  Sounds interesting.
user1: You sure do know a lot about this film. Why have you not seen it yet?
user2: I only know what I have read about it.  I am not sure what a "trawler" is.
user1: ah man! So here's the thing. I have to leave. I don't know that I'll be able to finish the conversation. 
user2: Based on the key scenes there are Scottish soldiers involved in the film as well.
user1: It pains me because there is nothing more I want in the world than to explain what a "trawler" is to you
user2: Guess I will never know
user1: There's lots of involvement from people in Europe. 
user2: Evacuation of 300,000 must be a task.
user1: I would love to keep this going, but alas, I must leave. Think kindly of me, will you?
user2: Bummer.  I was hoping to learn more about the film
user1: Go see it. It's wonderful. believe me
user2: I will take your word for it.  The keys scenes sound great.

conversation:
user1: Watsup, what movie are we talking about?
user2: Dunkirk
user2: I am reading the synopsis now
user2: Overall the movie looks awesome.
user1: What's it about?
user2: I love the WWII movies.... this one apparently shoes 3 different evacuations during the war.
user2: Via land, sea and air
user2: Rotton tomatoes has a 92% rating
user2: and a cinema score of an A-
user1: That's pretty solid, any big name actors involved?
user2: Apparently it is a very vivid film... "audience is surrounded with chaos and horror from the outset"
user2: Harry Styles
user2: Fionn Whitehead (I don't know him)
user2: Jack Lowden
user2: Aneurin Barnard
user1: What is Harry Styles doing in a movie?
user2: Lots of effects, and uses lots of extras for the time period
user2: he is a private in the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
user1: Fair enough. Never thought of him as an actor
user2: Nolan (the director) had no clue that he was a singer
user2: During the fall of France the Allied soldiers retreated to Dunkirk (hence the name)
user1: I find that hard to believe, but maybe the guy's just a cinema freak with no outside interests.
user1: That seems about right
user2: LOL  this is just from the spec sheet they gave me
user1: I know man, but what else is there to say really
user2: Also, it seems that it is a little like Saving Private Ryan in intensity
user2: I don't know if you saw that one
user1: Does it say whether the films overlap at all in what they depict?
user2: Rushing people to hospital and trying to avoid sinking when their ship is attacked
user2: no... nothing from the paper that they gave me
user1: Any info on overall message or film theme?
user2: No I literally have Key Scenes of evacuation and then the Scottish soilders trying to avoi dying
user2: One of the charachters is apparently accused of being a spy, but he isn't.  Just pretending to be another person, so he can escape with them
user2: Genre is just War
user1: I feel like this is way more info than someone needs to decide if they'll actually see a movie or not
user2: Haha... probably so
user1: Does it give you the runtime?
user2: I haven't seen it so I don't know any more than you do
user2: no run time
user1: no that's something that's actually important
user2: Apparently it was filmed on location in Dunkirk and finished up doing some scenes in LA
user1: some movies can cost you like a third of your day
user2: True
user2: Used a lot of period pieces
user1: sounds good to me
user1: oeace
user2: OK

conversation:
user2: Dunkirk was a great war movie don't you think?  Nolan did a great job with it
user1: I did not enjoy it, actually.
user1: I do not like movies without dialogue. 
user1: What about you?
user2: I thought it was great.  It had a lot of dialogue, and it had some great images - especially the boat filled with soldiers heading into the sea
user1: It did not have a lot of dialogue.  Why would you think that? 
user1: Note that it had little dialogue, as Nolan purposely didn't use dialogue in order to create suspense.
user1: That was one of the reasons it was so well-received, for its cinematography.  Don't you agree?
user2: I found it deeply moving with the despair that the soldiers felt.  It will be a classic
user1: While I agree that it was very moving, I believe that it did not offer enough dialogue to truly build drama in the typical way that I would expect it in a classic. 
user1: Do you agree with the rating, then?
user2: I do.  Metacritic gave it a score of 94/100 and I did like it that much
user1: I absolutely disagree.  I do not believe it deserved such high ratings.  I believe Metacritic's rating is inflated. 
user2: Even Rotton Tomatoes had an 8.6 rating - and that is a well-known site
user1: What did you think of the scene with Tommy at the beach?
user2: It was intense.  Being the soul survivor of an attack has to be hard on a person.
user1: What did you think when they were denied passage?
user2: There was only limited room on the boat so it made sense to take the injured first, but I still felt horrible for them as they could not escape.
user1: It was horrible, I agree.  I cried during that scene.  
user1: What did you think when the destroyer was hit by the torpedo?
user2: They were very lucky to escape and be saved by a row boat
user1: What did you think when we discovered Gibson had been lying?
user2: It was sad but understandable that he was so desperate.  I hated to see him drown however.  It was a rough trip at sea for them all
user1: I feel like Nolan only included the revelation as an afterthought, so that when he drown, we would not be as moved about the loss of his life.  What do you think?
user2: I do not think so because just because he was French, he was still fighting on our side.  It helped to make us realize the desperation of everyone in war.  
user1: Yes,  yes, I agree that it was effective for that part, but for me, I was quite moved by his death, but I believe others would not be because they knew him to be a liar.  Honesty is more important to some, even at the cost of human life.  
user1: Why do you think that he lied about George?
user2: I think he understood that the shell shocked soldier was panicking and did not intend to injure him.  It would do him no good to make him feel more guilty
user1: Wel, what do you think he thought when he saw George's body being taken away?
user2: He must have been horrified to see  that.  I felt very bad for him.  At least George was revered as a war hero
user1: Why do you think Alex thought he would not receive a warm welcome?
user2: I think he might have expected scorn because he did not give the military his boat as requested but went out on his own,
user1: Why then do you think he received a warm welcome?  I find this confusing. 
user2: I think because he was part of a group that helped save 300,000 soldiers - ten times more than were expected to be able to be saved.
user1: Yeah, that makes sense, I guess.  I understand it more now.  Again, with so little dialogue, it was difficult to understand many scenes in this movie.  Don't you agree?

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: Hi! Have you seen Dunkirk?
user1: I have not! Is it a good movie?
user2: It is fantastic.  I don't normally watch war movies, but this is about the rescue of hundreds of thousands of British men from the shores of Dunkirk - they are between the sea and the Germans
user1: I'll definitely have to check it out. 
user2: The acting is great. There's not a lot of talking, but focuses on their rescue by land, air and the sea.
user1: That sounds pretty interesting 
user2: All these soldiers are on the beach - open targets for the german fliers.  
user2: Very suspenseful.
user1: Who's in it?
user2: Kenneth Brannaugh, a great British actor and Harry Styles, the singer.   The film was written, directed and co-produced by Christopher Nolan, who's great.
user1: Very cool and unique casting. I'd love to see it.
user2: It can be pretty harrowing. There's this long dock where they are lined up to get on a hospital boat and as it leaves it's hit by the Germans.
user2: It's one of those movies that makes you appreciate what they did to make the world a better place for us.
user1: It seems suspenseful, too.
user2: It shows various ways the young soldiers try to stay safe - some funny,, some not so funny
user2: Towards the end they get all these people who have boats in a village in England to go across the English Channel to help rescue the soldiers.
user2: are you there
user1: Do you know what it's rated?
user2: I think R because of the violence
user2: To see all the different boats, fishing boats, sailboats, sailing towards the dock in Dunkirk is so inspiring!

conversation:
user2: The critics seemed to really love this movie.
user1: yeah they seem to love Chistopher Nolan in general lol
user1: I'm surprised to see it was shot in LA
user2: Maybe it's his use of extensive special effects and shooting it on film.
user2: That surprises me as well. I would have thought London for sure.
user1: Yeah was thinking Europe for sure.  Harry Styles as Alex is quite interesting though
user1: It's always interesting to see how Musical Artists perform as actors
user2: I am not aware of who Harry Styles is apart from seeing him in this movie. I hear he has quite a following.
user1: Yeah he is a SInger/songwriter originally!
user2: It says that even Nolan didn't know who he was.
user2: The most interesting aspect of this film was the way it played with time.
user2: But then Nolan does that in many of his films.
user1: haha that's pretty funny.  Yeah it says shot from 3 perspectives and has "little dialogue".  I have to admit I'm a bit curious about that
user1: I'm definitely intrigued
user2: I didn't know much about Dunkirk beforehand. I know there was a movie about it made around 1957. And a British mini-series in early 2000.
user2: The close proximity between England and Dunkirk and the ways the soldiers tried to escape / retreat is fascinating to me.
user1: Yeah I saw the old movie.  I haven't seen this one.  But the government requisitioning civilian ships to extract soldiers is interesting.  I'm wondering if that's historically accurate
user2: I think it is.
user2: Those civilian ships saved a lot of soldiers.
user2: Those British warships were ultimately just huge targets for the Germans to sink.
user2: And they seemed to do that easily.
user1: Yeah it was like shooting fish in a barrel
user2: Exactly.
user1: I imagine the combination of both French Soldiers and British Soldiers caused some confusion
user2: Absolutely. And any kind of language barrier can instantly lead to distrust.
user2: And paranoia.
user1: Yeah exactly
user2: The hero's welcome at the end was quite a surprise.
user1: Yeah I was thinking the same thing! why were the expecting to be scorned?
user2: Well, maybe not exactly that much of a surprise to the viewer, but definitely to the soldiers.
user1: Was it because they evacuated?
user2: People always tend to be hardest on themselves.
user2: No one wants to retreat.
user2: Especially when all of England is counting on them to keep the Germans from invading.
user2: They were awfully close.
user1: Yeah that's true.  To see civilians helping the cause was touching
user2: Absolutely.
user1: I'm sure those civilians had stories of what it was like on the front lines
user1: confirming to others that a retreat was necessary
user2: I think I heard a story about Nolan showing the film to some of the actual soldiers and they approved.
user1: Oh wow. that's awesome!

conversation:
user2: HI
user2: ARE THERED?
user2: are you there?
user1: I'm reading the document now
user2: ok sir.
user1: It is a great movie but the way we are limited and can't talk about the things which are not mentioned in the document makes it somewhat weird. 
user2: OK SIR
user2: i think its very nice to chat with u
user2: ARE U THERE SIR?
user1: Do you agree with the Rotten Tomatoes rating? I mean it is so high, critics agree that it is a great movie. Do you think so?
user2: i agree because people have different opinnion
user2: are u there sir?

conversation:
user2: Hi
user2: What is the movie?
user2: Are you there?
user1: The movie is Dunkirk. Its a world war 2 movie about the Dunkirk evacuation
user2: Is it any good?
user1: there is quite a bit of critical response that is positive
user2: Who stars in it?
user1: It looks like it would be a good war movie. 
user1: it stars British Actors - Fionn Whitehead, Tome Glynn CArney, Harry Styles
user2: What about director?
user1: Christopher Nolan 
user2: Can you tell me more abuot it?
user1: it seems to be about a retreat from German troops in France. Allied troops are in Dunkirk trying to evacuate
user2: I don't like horror pic, or scary movie. I just want a good time. Is it very bloody and do many people die in it?
user1: yes its a war picture
user1: so lots of action scenes of war and death
user2: Sounds like something my boyfriend would like but I won't. Do you think it's a good date night movie?
user1: probably not  but it is a big loud expansive movie that moves fast - if you like war movies it might be but I doubt it.
user2: How long is the movie?
user1: 106 minutes
user2: have you seen it?
user1: no i havent 
user2: Is it orginal or adapted from a book or something?
user1: its original as far as i can tell. it seems like the main characters get into all sorts of spots trying to evacuate 
user1: trying to read the plot and type
user2: Tell me more about the plot then.
user1: the main characters Tommy Alex and Gibson join with some Scottish troops after arriving at Dunkirk and hide in a boat, the Germans shoot holes in the boat and when the tide rises, it floods. They all abandon the boat after it sinks
user2: Is there a happy ending?
user1: They barely escape and they find out that 300k troops have been evacuated and make it back home. They are seen as local heroes. 
user2: Are they all British or is there other nationality involved?
user1: it seems like there is a subplot where a father and son rescue the main characters as well. they are British, Scottish and French. 
user1: this is a really long synopsis of the movie. 
user2: Anything else?
user2: Any interesting tidbits?
user1: I guess thats its - its basically a war movie about the main characters getting blown up at sea after an evaucation and the father and son saving them and some other men and getting them back home. 
user2: Okay thanks.
user1: thanks. 

conversation:
user2: The movie Dunkirk seems like a really good movie.  It has received a lot of great reviews and has a very interesting plot.
user1: That movie title sounds familiar, what actors are in it?
user2: Fionn Whitehead, Tom Glynn, Jack Lowden, Harry Styles, and Aneurin Barnard are the main cast.  They are not very popular actors, but critics say their performance was spectacular and the directing was phenomenal.
user1: Okay, thanks. What is the movie about?
user2: It is about the evacuation by allied forces, mostly British, evacuating Dunkirk, France where a major battle during World War II took place.  It doesn't have a lot of dialogue, but has dramatic moments and suspense from the cinematography and music.
user1: It sounds different than a lot of other movies currently out right now. I think that the acting must have been pretty awesome to get away with not having a lot of dialogue!
user2: Yeah it seems really good.  It was a 92% rating on Rotten Tomatoes, a 94/100 on Metacritic, and an A- on CinemaScore.  That says a lot if it has consistently high ratings.
user1: Whoa, those are some pretty high ratings for sure, especially coming from Rotten Tomatoes! I am intrigued now and am interested in learning more about this movie, especially being so highly rated.
user2: Do you typically enjoy war movies?
user1: If they are not overly gorey or anything like that. If the story line is good and historically accurate, then yes, I'm usually pretty interested. I am curious if the critics had anything to say about the historic side of it, regarding the accuracy of it. Do you know if the critics said anything regarding that?
user2: None of the critical responses mention historical accuracy, but I believe it is.  The characters might be fictional, but I believe the overall sequence of events of the evacuation is historically accurate
user1: It sounds like something I'll probably watch then. Isn't Harry Styles with a British pop group? Or, I could be mistaken. I'm trying to place the actors' faces with other movies in my mind. What about the music score, do you know if the music score is by someone well-known or relatively unknown?
user2: Yes, Harry Styles used to be a part of One Direction but I think he left the group and went solo.  Unfortunately there is no mention of the music score or who made it.  However, it mentions the cinematographer was Hoyte van Hoytema.
user1: Okay, yes, that's the Harry I've heard of. I didn't realize he'd gone into acting, but sounds like he made a good choice from the way the critics have responded to the movie. I'm interested in seeing this movie because I know very little about the British side when they were in France. I wasn't even aware of a place called Dunkirk until now. I'm not familiar either with Hoyte van Hoytema, but his name will likely be known after this movie.
user2: From the very first scene there is already a lot of action going on.  There is a German dive-bomber attack on the beach where the Allied soldiers are awaiting evacuation.  Next, a hospital ship gets sunk and then a destroyer is blown up by a torpedo from a German U-Boat.  There definitely sounds like a lot of dramatic moments happen in this movie.
user1: Oh, I like a movie that gets moving right away. It sounds like Dunkirk does just that most definitely. I can almost picture it in my mind. With a hospital ship getting sunk, it would really tug at my emotions right off the bat as well. It does sound very dramatic the way it begins.
user2: The action continues in the next scene.  The Britist navy has to resort to collecting civilian boats to rescue people, and the main characters, Alex and Tommy, have to hide out in a trawler (small boat) in order to avoid being shot at by the Germans.  Eventually, the Germans shoot at the boat just for target practice and the boat sinks from the bullet holes. A lot of attacks by the Germans continue throughout the first couple scenes.
user1: It sounds like a lot of action and drama combined. I think I'd be on the edge of my seat the whole time. The thought of the emotions the scenes would stir up is pretty heavy, especially the Germans shooting at the boat just for target practice.
user2: Yeah that really shows how outnumbered the Allied forces are if the German are just shooting at random boats for target practice.  Clearly they have plenty of ammunition and a strong presence near the beach.  After that boat sinks, Alex and Tommy swim toward a destroyer but it gets sunk by a bomber. Eventually they are rescued again, but it seems like every attempt they make to get to safety is thwarted by the Germans. 
user1: With things going the way they are for Alex and Tommy, the ending seems pretty unpredictable to me, especially with it being about the war and the different way this movie is said to be done overall. 
user2: I agree.  I'm unsure how many causalities occurred during the Battle of Dunkirk, but Tommy is described as the only survivor of a German ambush who was able to retreat to the beach.  There are thousands of Allied forces awaiting evacuation, so it was clearly a slaughter if they had no choice but to evacuate all together.  
user1: I am shocked I've never learned of this before, but very glad that it was made into a movie, at least. To be the only survivor of the Battle of Dunkirk, it's really hard to imagine all of the mixed emotions that the real Tommy must have felt. This sort of movie really sounds like a movie well worth watching.
user2: Oh no, he wasn't the only survivor of the entire battle.  His squad was ambushed and he was the only one who survived and escaped it.  In the next scene, Commander Bolton confirms that 300,000 soldiers had to be evacuated, ten times what was expected.  Apparently they intended to create a stronghold in Dunkirk, but were outnumbered and had no choice but the evacuate or lose even more soldiers.
user1: Oh! Okay, I understand. Still, having your whole squad killed, that's pretty awful anyway. I imagine he must've suffered survivor's guilt, it is so tragic. War is tragic, but maybe with movies like this people will appreciate peace more. Having to evacuate 10 times more soldiers than anticipated is incredible, as Commander Bolton had to do. I imagine that was such an undertaking, and that the movie would show a lot of dramatic action scenes in covering it.
user2: Definitely.  Fortunately Alex and Tommy are evacuated and return to Britain safely where they are welcomed by the citizens in a town called Woking.  
user1: I would love to see that scene for sure, I'd need something happy after all of the traumatic events in the war scenes. Do you know who plays Alex and Tommy, the actors? 
user2: Flon Whitehead plays Tommy and Harry Styles plays Alex
user1: Thank you, I figured it was the other way around for some reason. Which character does Tom Glynn play? (as I'm wondering about the Commander that had to pull the troops out).
user2: He plays someone named Peter who is mentioned in some of the scenes. 
user1: I wonder who played the Commander?

conversation:
user2: HAI
user1: Hello
user2: well where re you from
user2: what is your name
user1: Florida
user1: Sam
user2: i am from india my name is naren
user1: very nice. how is the weather over there?
user2: mm going to face summer season
user2: there?
user1: hot as always :-)
user2: florida is always hot??
user1: What is the name of the movie you are reading about?
user2: thee movie about WAR
user1: Yes most of the time. I'm originally from NYC so I'm use to the cold weather.
user2: casted by Flonn Whitehead
user1: Is it interesting?
user1: what is the story line about?
user2: yes  ,that is a nice movie story line alsso awesome
user1: is it about war?
user1: if so what country is it about?
user2: that is titled as war not about war between coutries
user1: so what is the movie about?
user2: thats about spy and the boat concept
user1: I'm trying to decide if I want to see it but am not too sure?
user2: travel scenario of the boat 
user2: Tommy, Alex and Gibson join a group of Scottish soldiers and hide inside a trawler until thetide rises. Its owner, a Dutch mariner, returns. German troops shoot at the boat for targetpractice; when the tide rises, water enters through the bullet holes. Alex, hoping to lightenthe boat's load, accuses Gibson, who has been silent, of being a spy and demands that he
user2: that is nice one you should see
user1: It sounds interesting.
user1: I'm considering it. 
user2: ok then?
user1: I have some free time so I can look into it.
user1: ok then. have a good night.
user2: oh sure, then what about usa 

conversation:
user1: Hello, let's talk about this movie! You ready? 
user2: a ready
user2: hi
user2: let,s start plz
user1: Are you familiar with Christopher Nolan? He's quite an acclaimed director and made this cool war movie called Dunkirk. 
user1: Sounds interesting, yeah? 
user2: yes
user1: So rather than than the commonly used CGI, Dunkirk uses practical effects to evoke more intense sense of realism. It really immerses you in the battle scenes. The 65 mm film stock also adds to the experience! 
user2: that's nice
user2: that the movie produced by Christopher Nolan
user1: It also has a pretty good cast, including: Harry Styles, Jack Lowden, and Fion Whitehead! Are you familiar with these actor's works? 
user2: i don no plz tell about the actor's details
user2: The film premiered on 13 July 2017 at Odeon Leicester Square in London,yeah?
user2: any problem
user1: I believe so! It was very critically acclaimed, according to Rotten Tomatoes. To you pay much attention to critic websites or do you like to go to a film without prior knowledge? 
user1: Are you still here? 
user2: I believe so! It was very critically acclaimed, according to Rotten Tomatoes. To you pay much attention to critic websites or do you like to go to a film without prior knowledge? 
user2: yes
user2: i am still waiting for your replay

conversation:
user1: Hi : ) 
user2: hi
user1: Have you seen the move war ? 
user2: I have not 
user1: movie*
user2: what is it about?
user1: I have not seen it yet but after reading the summery I may give it a shot 
user1: Here is the summery they provided 
user1: Dunkirk is a 2017 war film written, directed, and co-produced by Christopher Nolan that depictsWorld War II's Dunkirk evacuation. Dunkirk portrays the evacuation from three perspectives: land,sea, and air. It has little dialogue, since Nolan sought to create suspense from cinematographyand music. Filming began in May 2016 in Dunkirk and ended that September in Los Angeles,when post-production began. Cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema shot the film on IMAX 65 mmand 65 mm large format film stock. Dunkirk has extensive practical effects, using thousands ofextras, boats that participated in the evacuation, and period aeroplanes.
user1: What do you think ? 
user2: seems interesting for sure
user2: what makes it interesting to you?
user2: I am intrigued by the limited use of dialogie
user2: *dialogue
user1: First the fact that it is action 
user1: Second the movie has a sense of realism 
user2: yea, action movies are intense and can be really fun to watch 
user1: Something you can connect to I guess 
user2: oh yea, I bet it would be really realistic
user2: I also like historical movies based on real events, so this fits the bill
user1: It takes place in the 1940s
user2: very cool. 
user2: it is about WWII
user1: It takes place in that period 
user2: I like the idea that is portrays the evacuation from 3 different perspectives
user1: I did not notice that !!!!
user2: yea, it said land, sea, and air 
user2: I wonder what the air one looks like 
user1:  Do you generally watch movies with (good/bad) ratings? 
user2: I'm pretty picky about movies. I usually go for either comedies or super hero movies
user2: and with good ratings, typically
user2:  you?
user1: I am the same lol
user1: Definitely superhero movies !!!
user2: I am excited to go see Black Panther 
user1: Heck yeah ! 
user2: :) 

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: hey
user1: sounds like a really intense movie
user2: Yeah... extraordinary movie...
user1: critics loved it too
user2: Nolan a genius...
user1: i like he idea that he purposely didn't have a lot of dialogue in the movie
user2: Its Nolan's touch...
user2: I like the background music...
user1: yeah, it's very fitting for a war movie
user2: Check out the Key scenes
user1: wow, that sounds like a lot of action
user2: Also the cast has done a great job
user1: It's really hard to believe that this is a true story, there is just so much drama
user2: Real story on reel...
user2: Survival is a Victory is the tagline
user1: yes, makes you appreciate just how difficult war is
user1: it's amazing just how strong and determined Tommy, Alex, and Gibson are
user2: great contribution to the film
user2: The Warner Bros. logo at the beginning of the film is light blue
user1: That's good to know
user1: Is it ever a different color?
user2: I think its new color
user1: a lot of deserved credit for the soldiers based on this key scene
user2: The photography is also good...
user2: Obviously
user1: yes, a lot of great scenery
user1: just sounds like a great movie all around
user1: I am definitely excited to see it soon
user2: Worth to watch...
user1: have you seen it yet?
user2: yeah
user2: yet another masterpiece from mastermind Christopher Nolan
user2: oKay
user1: cool, i'll try to see it too
user2: great
user1: it was nice talking with you, you seem to know a lot about the movie
user2: Watch the movie, you will love it

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hi there! You should watch Dunkirk, it's a fantastic film.
user2: I've heard about it, but I haven't seen it! What's it about?
user1: Its a war film with very little dialogue, but instead uses music and cinematography in order to create suspense.
user2: That sounds really interesting! What war is the film based in?
user1: World War 2, particularly the evacuation of Dunkirk
user2: Do you know any of the actors in it?
user1: Fionn Whitedhead, Tom Glynn-Carney, Jack Lowden and Harry Styles
user2: Harry Styles, huh! Didn't know he acted. Is it violent? Sometimes I get a little squeamish.
user1: I didn't know either, but he won the role fair and square! As it is a war film, there are violent scenes
user2: How long is the movie?
user1: 106 minutes long
user2: Not too bad. Have you gotten to watch it yet?
user1: Yes, its a fantastic film.
user2: What really stood out to you about it? Was there a scene you really liked?
user1: Yes, one of the key scenes which I liked was when the navy took over civilian vessels and instead of letting the navy take the vessel, a civilian went out to help on his own boat
user2: Wow, that's crazy! Did the movie seem historically accurate to you?
user1: To me, it did
user2: I think that part of history is so fascinating. I never could have done what those men did. Did you like the acting in it?
user1: Yeah I think it was great, the critics rated it highly too
user2: That's good! Do you know who the director was?
user1: Christopher Nolan
user2: Oh cool, he's one of my favorites! Did you think the script was well done? I know you said there wasn't much talking, but I hate having to listen to stilted dialogue.
user1: I think it was, due to the lack of dialogue, whenever it was used it made a great impact on the film.
user2: Sounds good. Do you happen to know if its been nominated for anything?
user1: I dont know, sorry
user2: No worries! I just figured with Oscars season coming up, it might have gotten some nominations. Do you think it was worthy of an Oscar?
user1: Absolutely
user2: Thanks!

conversation:
user1: This is a movie about a war 
user2: I love christopher nolan movies
user2: hello

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: hi there
user2: Quite surprising that the director, Christopher Nolan, didn't know that Harry Styles was a renowned singer?
user1: I think that demonstrates Styles' skills as an actor. since his popularity did not play in to Nolan's decision to cast him
user2: That's a good point. Also interesting to see that the movie story includes a French soldier masquerading as a British Army private
user1: I guess that is a good way to inject an entire new viewpoint without having to include a whole sub-plot
user1: What really makes me curious is the secretive nature of the casting process
user2: Yeah I wonder why it was secret
user2: As for the sub-plots, maybe the French character wasn't a sub-plot since he already had three going - land, sea, and air.
user1: that's sort of my point- you get a french perspective without tons of peripheral involvement 
user2: Also curious why the film has little dialogue. Maybe it's more about the event rather than the characters?
user1: yeah, but Nolan did a great job telling a story without words
user2: Quite true
user2: That's quite a twist of fate, being denied passage on the hospital ship, only for it to be sunk by a dive-bomber.
user1: I guess you could call it luck that runs short since the boat that they eventually end up on is also sunk
user2: Yup. Thankfully, a row boat brings them ashore.
user1: the civilian rescue scene was intense
user1: I can't say that I blame that officer for freaking out, but it's a damn shame that kid ended up blind because of it
user2: Yeah, I guess shell-shock will do that to you
user2: Makes me glad I don't have to fight in a war now
user1: fingers crossed
user2: Indeed
user2: Weird that the Germans would shoot at the boat for target practice, considering the action going on around them
user1: they probably figured that it was destroying a potential evacuation route too
user1: pretty incredible how many soldiers a coordinated civilian effort was able to save
user2: Goes to show you what folks are capable of
user2: As for the boat, maybe something more than guns would be better to destroy the boat, but maybe they didn't have anything else at the time
user1: yeah, they certainly didn't seem to have any shortage of bullets
user2: It actually makes sense that Alex expected public scorn when the train approached Woking. They retreated from the continent
user1: true, but i suppose he didn't realize that the willingness to fight and not the result is sometimes what makes a hero
user1: In my opinion, the only non-hero is the shell shocked officer
user2: Maybe, though I've never experienced shell shock, so I'm not sure I'd fare better
user2: I'm assuming he fought before getting shell-shocked
user1: yeah, mental illness is tough to be judgmental about, but he did straight up murder that kid
user2: Did he murder the kid? Not like blindness is nothing
user1: yeah man, 
user1: Peter knew that George was dead, and the officer lied about it. 

conversation:
user1: This movie is interesting because it is about the Dunkirk Evacuation.
user1: The movie actually used some boats that were used in the original evacuation.
user2: It also seems interesting because there is a lack of dialogue in such a popular movie
user1: Yes, that contributes to the feel.
user2: Those boats are a nice addition to creating the atmosphere of the time
user2: Christopher Nolan has some highly rated films and this one is no exception.
user1: Yes, it's an excellent Christopher Nolan film.
user1: The performance of Fionn Whitehead was spectacular.
user2: She did have an amazing performance
user1: Do you agree with the movie's rating?
user2: Given the scope of the film, I think it is being rated appropriately 
user2: This is such a crazy plot, but true to the war
user1: Do you agree that Tommy was well cast?
user2: That was a big role to play and I think Whitehead did a wonderful job.
user2: What do you think about the story as a whole?
user1: I thought it was excellently retold. I agree with the critic reviews.
user2: I wonder if this was a true story being told within Dunkirk?
user1: I'm not sure.
user2: I feel like you really get caught up in the emotion of the characters given the gravity of their situation
user1: Yes, you do.
user1: Germans cruelly shoot at a boat for target practice in one of the scenes.
user2: That scene was pretty intense
user1: I like the fact that this movie was released in 2017, so events from the war are still remembered.
user2: Yes, it was great timing
user1: According to metacritic, the score was 94. Too high or too low?
user2: What did you think about the end of the movie
user2: It was about right.
user1: Same, I think so too.
user1: Is 106 minutes too long or too short, or just right?
user2: I think that is awfully short to be honest
user2: A film like this should run about 2 hours in my opinion.
user1: Yes, it should be longer.

conversation:
user2: I haven’t seen this movie yet have you?
user1: No, I have not!  It looks like it was just released this past year.
user2: It sounds very good.
user2: Also Harry styles is in it
user1: I'm not sure if I would like it, as it contains very little dialogue.
user1: It does sound like an interesting war drama though.
user2: I really like war movies, especially world war 2 movies
user2: Yes it does
user2: It got good ratings
user1: Yes!  I wonder how Harry Styles is as an actor??
user1: It sounds like it might be an emotional war drama.
user2: That what I find interesting, I wonder how he is too
user2: I think it is a war drama.
user1: I don't know too much about Christopher Nolan as a director.  Do you?
user2: It would be hard watching it with no dialogue, I guess you’d just really have to pay attention 
user2: No I don’t, I actually never heard of him
user1: That's what I was thinking.  I'm not used to that!
user2: Also I never heard of most of the actors
user1: Neither have I!
user2: So I don’t know if I’d like it, since I don’t know anyone in it but harry styles
user1: They didn't film too long.  May to September.
user2: I saw that, but I guess if there isn’t much dialogue they wouldn’t need too long
user1: Good point!
user1: Look at the last critical response.
user1: Doesn't sound too positive!
user2: I saw that
user2: Sounds like they didn’t like that it didn’t have a lot of dialogue
user1: Short movie!
user2: It would be hard to have drama without it
user1: I agree!  That would be very disappointing for me!
user2: Now that I think about it, I don’t think I’d enjoy it mich
user1: I totally agree!  
user1: It's one I will most likely skip.

conversation:
user2: Hi, what was your movie?
user2: Hello, anyone there?
user1: Hello! The movie is Dunkirk
user2: Ok cool. Do you know the names of any actors?
user1: Fionn Whitehead is the first one that comes to mind. 
user2: Ok. Where did it take place?
user1: Interesting to know he got the lead role after a several month long secretive auditioning process. 
user1: It took place, in Dunkirk!
user1: Directed by Christopher Nolan, so you know it's going to be a good one.
user2: Yep. How long ago was it framed? 10, 20, 70 years ago?
user1: It is a World War II based film, so, about 75 years ago.
user1: It received a 92% rating from Rotten Tomatoes - do you usually follow movie ratings?
user2: I do, and I like that type of movie. Band of Brothers was a good one too. Was the Hero on the allied or axis?
user1: I love Band of Brothers. Also, that's a great question. The protagonist was a part of the British Army, so Allied.
user2: Ok. What about action scenes, how much action vs dialog scenes would you estimate? 50/50? 25 action /75 dialogue?
user1: Actually, the movie has little dialogue. The director sought to arouse viewers emotions by focusing on cinematography and music. 
user2: OK sounds better and better. How long was the movie would you estimate?
user1: You might have to check online about that, but just going by other war-based movies, I would dedicate two hours. 
user1: I liked this movie because it is based in 1940 during the fall of France, a lot of people don't pay attention to World War II history outside of when the US got involved in 1941
user2: Right. What about the unit the protagonist was in. British, French, American?
user1: Tommy is a British soldier. The Americans weren't in Europe yet. He is one of many thousands of soldiers that retreated to Dunkirk when the Germans marched through France. 
user2: OK. Tommy's family do we know anything about them? Were they in London during the raids or living in the country side?
user1: I am not sure about that, as it mainly focuses on the present and doesn't delve too much into the past.
user2: Understood.
user2: Was Dunkirk then a turning point in the french resistance?
user2: Hello?
