wiki document:
cast:
Christian Bale as Bruce Wayne / Batman
Michael Caine as Alfred Pennyworth
Liam Neeson as Henri Ducard / Ra's al Ghul
Katie Holmes as Rachel Dawes
Gary Oldman as James Gordon

critical response:
being both comic-book archetypes and real people
comfortably mix the tormented drama and revenge motifs with light hearted gags and comic book allusions,'s who sign up to make them, have no evident motive beyond their own aggrandizement.
hype about exploring Batman's damaged psyche
both the menace and the wit he showed in his brilliant turn in American Psycho

director:
Christopher Nolan

genre:
SuperHero

introduction:
Batman Begins is a 2005 superhero film based on the DC Comics character Batman, directed by Christopher Nolan and written by Nolan and David S. Goyer. It stars Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Liam Neeson, Katie Holmes, Gary Oldman, Cillian Murphy, Tom Wilkinson, Rutger Hauer, Ken Watanabe, and Morgan Freeman. The film reboots the Batman film series, telling the origin story of Bruce Wayne from the death of his parents to his journey to become Batman and his fight to stop Ra's al Ghul and the Scarecrow from plunging Gotham City into chaos.

movie name:
Batman Begins

rating:
Rotten Tomatoes: 84% and average: 7.7/10
Metacritic Score: 70/100
CinemaScore: A

year:
2005

description:
As a child, Bruce Wayne falls down into a dry well and is attacked by a swarm of bats, subsequently developing a phobia of the creatures. While watching an opera with his parents, Thomas and Martha, Bruce becomes frightened by performers masquerading as bats and asks to leave. Outside, mugger Joe Chill murders Bruce's parents in front of him. Orphaned, Bruce is raised by the family butler, Alfred Pennyworth. 
Fourteen years later, Chill is freed in exchange for testifying against Gotham City mafia boss Carmine Falcone. Bruce intends to murder Chill, but one of Falcone's assassins does so first. Bruce's childhood friend, assistant district attorney Rachel Dawes, berates him for attempting to undermine the justice system, saying that his father would be ashamed. Bruce confronts Falcone, who tells him that real power comes from being feared. Bruce decides to travel the world and learn how to confront injustice. While serving a prison sentence for theft in Bhutan, he meets Henri Ducard, who trains him as a member of the League of Shadows, led by Ra's al Ghul. After completing his training and purging his fears, Bruce learns that the League intends to destroy Gotham, believing it to be corrupt, decadent, hypocritical and beyond saving. Bruce rejects the League's cause and burns down their temple during his escape. Ra's is killed by falling debris, while Bruce saves the unconscious Ducard. 
Batman intercepts a drug shipment, provides Rachel with evidence against Falcone, and enlists Sergeant James Gordon, one of the few honest cops left in Gotham, to arrest him. In prison, Falcone meets with Dr. Jonathan Crane, a corrupt psychiatrist whom he has helped smuggle drugs into Gotham, and threatens to reveal his complicity if he does not declare him mentally unfit for trial. Crane puts on a scarecrow mask and sprays Falcone with a fear-inducing hallucinogen that drives him insane (which causes Falcone to constantly mouth the word 'Scarecrow'), and has him transferred to Arkham Asylum. While investigating 'the Scarecrow', Batman is exposed to the hallucinogen and left incapacitated. He is saved by Alfred and given an antidote developed by Fox. When Rachel accuses Crane of corruption, Crane reveals that he has been pouring his fear-inducing drug into Gotham's water supply. He drugs Rachel with it, but Batman saves her and subdues Crane, who claims to work for Ra's al Ghul. Batman evades the police to get Rachel to safety, administers the antidote, and gives her a vial of it for Gordon and another for mass production. Ducard reappears at Bruce's birthday party and reveals himself to be the true Ra's al Ghul. Having stolen a powerful microwave emitter from Wayne Enterprises, he plans to vaporize Gotham's water supply, rendering Crane's drug airborne and causing mass hysteria that will destroy the city. He sets Wayne Manor aflame and leaves Bruce to die, but Alfred rescues him. 

conversation:
user2: Hi. How is it going?
user1: Good.  How are you?
user2: I'm reading about Batman Begins. It is a very good movie.
user1: I enjoyed it also. Do you know who played Alfred in that one?
user2: Micheal Caine
user2: He did a really good job.
user2: I enjoyed Morgan Freeman also but he is amazing in all of his work.
user1: That's right.  I thought he was great.  He is the best Alfred.  I agree about Morgan Freeman as well.
user1: The critics thought that the movie explored Batman's damaged psyche.  What do you think?
user2: I have to say so. The insight they provide about how he became Batman was eye opening. It was really sad to see him lose his parents like that.
user2: Stuff like that really makes a person question their purpose in life. 
user1: I agree.  I can see why it led to Batman pursuing a life of crime fighting.
user1: Can you see page 2?  My page is blank.
user2: Mine is blank also
user1: Okay so I wonder what we're supposed to exchange messages about?
user2: Lol not quite sure..
user2: What did you think about Katie Holmes performance?
user1: I think she was an appropriate love interest, but her acting was just okay.
user2: I agree. It seems like she holds back on her emotions. Very dull
user1: My second paragraph just came up
user2: mine also
user1: I didn't remember the part about the swarm of bats.  
user2: Oh yeah, he fell in the well and a ton of bats were swarming him. He was initially afraid of them.
user2: The scene when they blow the powder in his face and he starts seeing things... that was pretty wicked. 
user1: I believe the fear of bats is what led him to leave the opera where his parents were murdered.
user2: Oh really? I did not see that part. I remembered he was scared but forgot what the play  was about.
user1: The powder scene was very scary.  I cannot believe they had an antidote.
user2: I forgot how long the movie was there were a lot of scenes and changes of events.
user1: Alfred is such a hero in the movie, constantly saving Bruce
user2: I cannot believe his mansion burnt down in flames
user2: Love Alfred, he is the backbone
user1: I know the fire scene was horrible.
user2: It was really sad because it was his parents' house right?
user1: I think so.  The bad guys work so harder at being bad.  The effort could be used for something good with a lot more success.
user1: What do you think of the character of Sgt. Gordon?
user2: exactly but some would rather be evil for their own personal gain than to help others
user2: I like him also but I felt bad for him. He seems to be dismissed often as a key player in Batman
user1: I agree.  He was one of the few honest people in it for the right reasons.
user2: Didn't they try to cut off Gotham from the surrounding cities by raising the draw bridge?
user1: I think so.  Do you think we are done?  Have we submitted enough turns?
user2: I am not sure.. it seems like it has been awhile but it isnt cutting off
user1: I counted 18 turns on my side and you have at least that many.
user1: Let's give it one more exchange.
user2: okay sounds good 
user1: I think it is very sad that Bruce thought about killing Chill.  That would have made him "dark" also.
user2: I know.. but I'm glad he prevailed 
user1: Yes.  I agree.
user1: I'm going to push finish conversation now.  Have a good afternoon.
user2: you too! nice talking to you!

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hello
user2: What is your initial opinion on the movie? Without going into depth? Do you like it or not?
user1: Overall, I like the movie.  It has some high-profile actors.  What about you?
user2: Do you think a good movie needs high-profile actors? 
user2: Or rather, does a movie need high-profile actors to be good?
user2: I enjoyed it, one of my favored comic book adaptations
user1: Not necessarily, but I think that can help.  An actor doesn't become high-profile unless they are really good at what they do.  What do you think?

conversation:
user2: Hello! Do you like superhero movies?
user1: yes. batman begins! I think this a great batman film. have you seen it?
user2: Yes, I have. Christian Bale is my favorite Batman so far.
user2: Do you usually check the ratings of movies before you see them?
user1: I usually do. but the rating dose not determine whether i will watch the movie or not
user1: The film has several great big name actors, which is another reason I like this one and would watch it based on the actors alone
user2: I agree, there are quite a few great actors in Batman Begins. I like Liam Neeson too, even though he is one of the villains.
user1: seeing the potential for great actors together on a big screen defiantly gets my interest. along with super heros and villans.  a good rating does help me feel like I will not waste my time watching something awful
user1: but the same time will not deter me from a film If i am just into the genre
user2: I personally prefer good ratings. Even if a movie has many good actors, if it's rated poorly, I usually won't watch it in theaters.
user2: I'm not sure if I agree with the Metacritic Score of 70/100, though.
user2: The 84% on Rotten Tomatoes seems more accurate.
user1: I will generally have enough patience to wait for a film to be released on DVD/Video if the rating turn me off.
user2: What did you think of the bat scene in the movie?
user1: I felt that scene shows the story of this film well, and is thought out.
user2: I wonder if there was a better place for the bats besides a dry well, though.
user1: batman as a child was good step by the filmmaker to show how his life started out
user2: Because this movie is called Batman Begins, I agree that it was appropriate to show Bruce's beginnings.
user2: I think it's ironic that the mugger's name is Joe Chill, but he isn't chill if he murders people.
user1: unlikely yes, I think they were going for a mysterious beginning to show how batman came to be.  but still want to leave some mystery as he still develops a phobia to  the bats
user1: very ironic. mr chill is more of a bone chilling murderer. 
user2: He is also murdered too, so at least he gets what he deserves.
user1: he got whats coming to him. but bruce dosent get to murder him so i think that leaves him wanting revenge 
user2: I think it helps to establish that Bruce will not directly murder anyone. Even when he burns down the League of Shadows, he doesn't directly kill Ra's al Ghul.
user2: Injustice should be not be used as a reason to murder, in any case.
user1: I feel hes lucky become part of the league of shadows, and to purge his fear of bats. this key part I think is pretty lucky break for him. as he is doing jail time in a foreign country.
user2: It is strange that his family could afford a butler but he goes to prison for stealing...
user2: I really like Gary Oldman as Gordon. He plays a good cop really well.
user2: What did you think of the Scarecrow scenes?
user1: The scarecrow was particularly scary character. trying to poison the water supply
user1: and batman was poisoned with the fear-inducing drugs, I thought it was over for him.
user2: It appeared to be over for many characters in this movie at different points, yeah.
user2: I was surprised when the real Ra's al Ghul showed himself, too. The League of Shadows doesn't die easily.
user1: He seems to have otherworldy power after surviving his past experiences

conversation:
user1: hi
user1: what moviie did you see
user2: hello how are you? Have you heard of Batman Begins? It is a great movie!
user1: no tell me more
user1: what is it about
user2: It stars Christian Bale, Michael Caine, and Liam Neeson. Great cast right? 
user1: yes
user1: it is
user1: what is the movie about
user2: This is pretty much the reboot of the Batman film franchise with a new origin story. Christian Bale plays Batman. 
user1: cool
user1: how long is the movie
user2: The film has pretty good reviews. Sorry but I am not sure how long the movie is based on the given document
user1: oh ok.
user1: what genre would you say the movie is
user2: It is of course a superhero movie. There are several DC comics characters in the movie like Scarecrow and Ra's al Ghul.
user1: thats great
user1: I think I would love to see it
user2: So in the beginning, Bruce Wayne falls into a well and is attacked by bats. 
user1: then what happens
user1: ?
user2: Well obviously he became afraid of bats. And then his parents get gunned down in the street by a mugger
user1: is the movie an animation
user2: No. It is not.
user1: How does he become batman
user2: The mugger is arrested for murder but soon freed in a plea deal. Bruce Wayne feels like he wants to take justice in his own hands
user1: cool
user1: Is the movie in theaters
user1: or on dvds
user2: The movie is from 2005. So you can watch it on DVDs
user1: Thats great
user1: I would like to watch  it
user2: Bruce Wayne travels around the world and finds League of Shadows
user1: whats league of shadows?
user2: League of Shadows is a secret organization with highly trained fighters 
user1: where does bruce travel to?
user2: All over the world. He finds League of Shadows in Bhutan. Meanwhile in Gotham, there is trouble brewing
user1: :)
user1: Is there any other main characters
user2: Dr. Jonathan Crane, a corrupt psychiatrist, tries to transfer criminals to Arkham Asylum
user2: You heard of Arkham Asylum? It is a criminal asylum for the insane
user2: Good bye

conversation:
user1: Hi! Do you like superhero films?
user2: I do.  I really like DC Comic chracters.
user1: I prefer DC as well. The last DC film I saw was Batman Begins. Have you seen it?
user2: Yes, I loved it.
user1: I think most everyone loved it. It has a great rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
user2: Christian Bales is awesome as Batman.
user1: He was! And I love Michael Caine as well.
user2: Who is your favorite character in the movie?
user1: That's a tough call. I really like what they did with Liam Neeson's character
user2: Yes, Christopher Nolan made some great decisions as director
user1: He did! I especially liked the scene with the bats in the cave. It was very creepy.
user1: what was your favorite scene?
user2: I like the scene with the Scarecrow.  He is one of my favorite villians.
user1: I wasn't a fan of Katie Holmes though. She seemed extraneous to the story, in my opinion

conversation:
user1: HI there! Have you ever seen this?
user2: Hey! Yeah I have but it was a LONG time ago
user2: what about you
user1: It was a long time ago for me too, but I remember because all the dark knight movies came out afterwards
user1: though they took forever to make those ones... or at least waited forever
user2: I personally liked the dark knight movies way more
user2: especially the first one
user1: yeah, they didnt do a very good job of connecting the storylines
user1: and christian bale wasnt my fav batman either
user2: i don't think too many people like him as batman honestly
user1: The voice he made was almost comical
user2: the best part is he tried so hard on that voice too
user1: hahaha I know
user1: but i cant talk too much because i always get flack for like ben affleck
user1: liking*
user2: affleck>bale 
user1: YAS someone agrees haha
user1: what about tom hardy in the new ones?
user2: I'd say he did better than both of them 
user1: I agree!!!!
user2: its been years but i still can't get over heath ledgers acting as the joker 
user2: that was some next level stuff
user1: Agreed. It took a lot of good ating to be as good in the role as jack nicholson
user1: oh jeez my typing is awful today. acting*
user2: lol you're fine
user2: im not used to typing without emojis 
user2: #firstworldproblems
user1: oh yeah me too. too much texting
user1: you know who i did love in these movies tho?
user2: who?
user1: MICHAEL CAINE
user2: TRUEEEEEE
user1: He does so well as alfred :'D
user2: you can't not like him
user1: mhmm. good in children of men too
user2: Didn't he have a cameo in one of the recent superhero movies?
user2: Or am i thinking of someone else/
user1: michael caine?
user2: yea
user1: oh god there are so many superhero movies now that i really couldnt tell you
user2: good point lmao
user2: u wanna know one superhero movie that im REALLY excited for
user1: whats that
user2: THE INCREDIBLES 2!!!
user1: k I just talked about this yesterday
user2: I've waited for soooooo loooooong
user1: i am so excited and its taking way too long
user1: yes!
user2: i will push children out of the way to watch it
user1: right at the end of the movie, we were like when is the next...ten years later...haha
user1: hahahaha
user1: I think we are allowed to end our convo now?
user2: I have no idea honestly
user1: Haha well Im gonna see, it was lovely chatting!!! have a great day!

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: Hi are there any good movies out?
user1: yes have you ever seen a batman movie
user2: Yes, I love Batman movies! Who is the actor?
user1: it was christian bale
user2: Oh wow, I love him. Is there a lot of action in the movie?
user1: yes it was a darker take on batman it explored batman's damaged mind
user2: Wow. Does the joker play an important role in it?
user1: no i think it was scare crow
user2: Oh okay. Is it a long movie?
user1: i would say about a hour and a half
user2: That's not too bad. 
user1: would you like to hear a bit about the plot
user2: I really want to watch this movie I think
user2: Sure!
user1: ok it starts with bruce as a child
user2: Ah okay. Are his parents alive?
user2: Also, what is the name of this movie?
user1: they get kill at the movies after bruce wants to leave 
user1: batman begins
user2: Okay. Does Bruce want to seek revenge for the death of his parents?
user1: yes but someone kills the guy first
user2: Okay. Does Bruce inherit a lot of money from his parents?
user1: yes and he goes and travels the world
user1: to learn how to fight injustice 
user2: Oh okay. Who teaches him how to fight?
user1: a man named Ra's al Ghul
user1: but it turns out that he was evil and wanted to burn gotham down
user2: Oh ok I think I remember that
user2: So is Bruce loved by the people of Gotham?
user1: I think  so
user1: i will let you see the rest for yourself
user1: thanks for the chat
user2: Thanks
user2: All the best

conversation:
user2: Hello
user2: Have you seen this movie?
user1: I have seen it a couple of times!
user2: I think I've seen it. There's so many Batman movies that I can't keep track
user2: I didn't know Liam Neeson was in this movie! I really like him
user1: Christopher Nolan is one of my favorite directors, so I had to see it! That is true but I think this is one of the better ones.  
user1: Liam is great in action movies.
user2: I enjoy Christian Bale as Batman. He plays him well
user2: Do you agree with the rating of this movie?
user1: He did a great job getting into the character. Being really fit certainly helps.
user2: Yes that's true, especially for a super-hero role
user1: I think the reviews are fair, though I would rate it higher. what did you think?
user2: Well I agree with the rating. It's fair but it wasn't the best super-hero movie
user1: What did you think about the key scenes?
user2: I like that Alfred raised Bruce after his parents were killed. It shows that he really cares about the family
user2: I didn't remember that he got attacked by bats in a well and that's why he's afraid of them! Makes sense hahah
user1: Thats true it felt genuine. How well do you think it captures the text of comic book vs bringing it to real life balance? *breaks 4th wall
user2: I actually never read the comic books. I don't think I've actually ever read a comic book. But it's hard to not tell this story properly. Everyone knows Batman and I think the movie captured his essence very well
user2: What do you think?
user1: I agree, it felt referential to the comic books while still bringing the character to real life. What did you think of the critical reception? 
user2: I'm not to sure about the critical reception, and now that I'm reading the second key scene, I don't think I've actually seen this film hahaha
user1: Ra's al guhl and carmine falcone are great examples of the writers pulling from the comic universe to build the universe. oh really? You should check it out!
user2: Yeah those characters don't sound familiar to me at all
user2: I do have to check it out
user1: And you should also look into the comic books, or if you are into video games (the arkham series) it will help you appreciate this movie even more.
user2: Yeah I think I will, so is the League of Shadows good or bad?
user1: They are morally grey, they kill and murder anyone who gets in their way with their main mission being to kill all the bad guys but even good guys if they get in the way.
user2: And am I reading the description correctly when it said Batman served time in prison? Or was that another character?
user2: And of course Alfred comes to the rescue again! He's a good dude. One of my favorite characters
user1: Yeah, he goes to a foreign country and gets arrested, it is there that he gets inducted into the league of shadows.
user2: Is Crane one of the main villains in this movie?
user2: it seems there's always a corrupt doctor in these types of films
user1: He is a minor villian in this film but he plays a role in the plot.
user1: Yeah, batman is very much about the archetypes.
user2: Well I think I need to watch this film. It got a good rating and the plot seems interesting
user1: It is a great film and worth checking out.

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: Hello! How are you?
user1: good
user1: let's talk about Batman Begins. Are you familiar?
user1: 2005 SuperHero movie directed by ChristopherNolan
user2: Yes, I've heard of it. I just havent seen it yet
user1: It's great
user1: Rotten Tomatoes: 84% and average: 7.7/10
user1: Metacritic Score: 70/100
user1: CinemaScore: A
user1: the most 'realistic' take on batman yet
user2: I'm actually interested in seeing it. Doesn't it have Christain Bale as Batman?
user1: yes
user1: It stars Christian Bale, Michael Caine,Liam Neeson, Katie Holmes, Gary Oldman, Cillian Murphy, Tom Wilkinson, Rutger Hauer, KenWatanabe, and Morgan Freeman.
user1: great cast
user2: Wow, even Morgan Freeman!? That is a good cast. Who does Freeman play?
user1: He plays Lucious Fox. He's like Batman's Q (from 007)
user1: the tech guy who helps him out. So it's less of a one-man operation
user2: Yes, I remember the Character from the comics. That's awesome that they put him in the film. Does he play a big role? or is he just seen a little bit?
user1: A fairly significant role. More-so in the sequels.
user1: Also stars Liam Neeson as Henri Ducard, a devious villian and member of the League of Shadows
user2: That is really cool, normally they give those kinds of characters small roles.
user2: The league of shadows is in the film!? Wait so that means Neeson is Ras Algul?
user1: Special guest appearance by Ken Watanabe as Ras Al Ghul
user2: Do they mention his immortality in the film?
user1: It's hinted at, but it's implied it's a mantle that's passed down for a more realistic take
user1: As a child, Bruce Wayne falls down into a dry well and is attacked by a swarm of bats,subsequently developing a phobia of the creatures. While watching an opera with hisparents, Thomas and Martha, Bruce becomes frightened by performers masquerading asbats and asks to leave. Outside, mugger Joe Chill murders Bruce's parents in front of him.Orphaned, Bruce is raised by the family butler, Alfred Pennyworth.
user2: Ah so they stick to the comic closely, thats a good thing.
user2: Michael Caine must be Alfred. I can't see him playing anyone else.
user1: Yes, origin-wise, it's pretty close. Bruce's traveling around the world and training is a part of it. Which has never been shown on screen before.
user1: Yes he's an amazing Alfred
user1: Fourteen years later, Chill is freed in exchange for testifying against Gotham City mafiaboss Carmine Falcone. Bruce intends to murder Chill, but one of Falcone's assassins doesso first. Bruce's childhood friend, assistant district attorney Rachel Dawes, berates him forattempting to undermine the justice system, saying that his father would be ashamed. Bruceconfronts Falcone, who tells him that real power comes from being feared. Bruce decides totravel the world and learn how to confront injustice. While serving a prison sentence for theftin Bhutan, he meets Henri Ducard, who trains him as a member of the League of Shadows,led by Ra's al Ghul. After completing his training and purging his fears, Bruce learns that theLeague intends to destroy Gotham, believing it to be corrupt, decadent, hypocritical andbeyond saving. Bruce rejects the League's cause and burns down their temple during hisescape. Ra's is killed by falling debris, while Bruce saves the unconscious
user2: I can only imagine the sarcastic jokes he makes in the film. Caine is perfect for that character.
user1: He has some gread monolouges
user1: Batman intercepts a drug shipment, provides Rachel with evidence against Falcone, andenlists Sergeant James Gordon, one of the few honest cops left in Gotham, to arrest him. Inprison, Falcone meets with Dr. Jonathan Crane, a corrupt psychiatrist whom he has helpedsmuggle drugs into Gotham, and threatens to reveal his complicity if he does not declarehim mentally unfit for trial. Crane puts on a scarecrow mask and sprays Falcone with a fear-inducing hallucinogen that drives him insane (which causes Falcone to constantly mouth theword "Scarecrow"), and has him transferred to Arkham Asylum. While investigating "theScarecrow", Batman is exposed to the hallucinogen and left incapacitated. He is saved byAlfred and given an antidote developed by Fox. When Rachel accuses Crane of corruption,Crane reveals that he has been pouring his fear-inducing drug into Gotham's water supply.He drugs Rachel with it, but Batman saves her and subdues Crane, who claims to work forRa's al Ghul. Batman evades the police to get Rachel to safety, administers the antidote,and gives her a vial of it for Gordon and another for mass production. Ducard reappears atBruce's birthday party and reveals himself to be the true Ra's al Ghul. Having stolen apowerful microwave emitter from Wayne Enterprises, he plans to vaporize Gotham's watersupply, rendering Crane's drug airborne and causing mass hysteria that will destroy the city.He sets Wayne Manor aflame and leaves Bruce to die, but Alfred rescues him.
user2: Interesting Scarecrow is even in the film. That seems like a lot of plot if they have multiple villans in the film.
user2: How was the story in your opinion?
user1: It does not crowd the film in my opinion. Unlike how it turned out with Batman and Robin.
user1: You can have multiple villians as long as you use them correctly
user1: I thought it was a great story. OVerall very solid
user2: I agree,  does the League ever bump heads with Crane in the film?
user2: Or do they work together?
user1: Yes, and it fits naturally.

conversation:
user2: hi do you like the movie batman begins?
user1: Hello. I love that movie!
user2: i liked christain bale he just does his roles so well
user1: I agree. I love the whole cast of that movie.
user2: i think he is a method actor. i agree all the actors added to it. 
user1: I think so too, all of his movies you can tell he really invests himself into the character
user2: yea he put himself thru the ringer to make sure he is honest to the role. it show in the rating the movie receive.
user1: Yeah, and the director is great too. 
user2: is he the same christopher nolan  who was an actor in law in order?
user1: I don't believe he was, but I could be wrong. What else did you like about the movie?
user2: i loved that he went dark to reflect the true comic book batman4
user1: I agree, I think this trilogy really did a good job of representing the comics. 
user2: it was the american psycho as batman kinda 
user2: i didnt remember katie homes in the movie but micheal caine was on of the best alfred
user1: Haha yeah it was.
user1: Katie Holmes was Rachel. ALfred is awesome!
user1: She was replaced by another actress in The Dark Knight
user2: yea the girl who played a princess in kids movies but i  can remember her name
user1: But yeah, I think that this Batman trilogy are the best superhero movies
user2: the bast part of the movie for me  was the very beginning where bruce was introduced to being batman  with the swarming g bats after the death of his parents
user1: Yeah, that's a really good scene. I liked how they showed his whole evolution into becoming Batman. 
user1: I didn't feel like we had seen that in many superohero movies before
user2:  it showed a lot of thought.. the trilogy had wonderful bad guys too!! they were not one note
user2: that is right on. 
user1: Yes for sure, all of the villains in these movies were great. 
user2: i grew up on the comics and the villains did not disappoint 
user1: Yeah I read some of the comics too, Batman was always my favorite
user2: well he didnt have laser eyes he wanted to do good and help the honest officers and people left in a corrupt town
user1: Right. Talking about these movies makes me want to rewatch them !
user2: very true i was just setting up a dvr timer for it LOL
user2: this was the first aflred who real owned the role.
user1: That's funny, maybe I'll rewatch them too. Yeah, this Alfred was by far my favorite
user1: Well it's been nice talking to you, enjoy your movies and have a good day!
user2: you too

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hello.
user2: lets talk batman
user1: There was so much more to the movie (the story) than I though.
user1: *thought
user2: yes 
user2: i like that it was a darker take on batman
user1: Yeah, me too. Not everyone is always the good guy. Sometimes you need to do a little bad to keep that really good status.
user2: yep it was a good look in his mind
user1: It's amazing that they turned Batman into both a movie and comic books.
user2: yes
user1: Wow, he was attacked by a swarm of bats!
user2: it must have scared him alot
user1: Yes, so funny he turned out to play such a brave character!
user2: yes
user1: What was your favorite part of the movie?
user2: i like how he did not get to avenge his parents
user2: it probaly was for the best
user1: Very possible.
user2: what was your favorite
user1: Just seeing all of the special effects was amazing to me.
user2: yes
user2: i love this movie a lot
user1: Me too. I was surprised because I generally am not that into super heroes. I know that may sound horrible. Lol.
user2: lol
user2: what about the third scenes anything stuck with you
user1: My heart was pounding when he was exposed to the drug.
user2: yes it was a tense moment
user1: It was! I love a movie that can keep you at the edge of your seat like that.
user2: yes 
user2: i would like to see more super hero movies like this
user1: Me too. If they were all like this, I'd like the genre much more.
user2: yes
user2: thanks for the chat
user2: and have a good day
user1: And thank you! Enjoy your day!

conversation:
user1: Do you like superhero movies?
user2: I do! I've seen this movie - how about you?
user1: I have, actually! After reading some of the critical responses, though, I am starting to think about it a little differently. What do you think about the comment referencing the hype of exploring Batman's damaged psyche?
user2: I thought it was interesting. They definitely did  thought it was interesting. They definitely did explore his damaged psyche. I could definitely see why he ended up the way he did.

conversation:
user2: Hello How are doing?
user1: I am well, how are you?
user2: Fine thank you! So would you say you are a Batman fan?
user1: Not a superfan, I'm not familiar with all the backstory, but I have really enjoyed the new movies. Have you seen all of the Batman movies starring Christian Bale?
user2: Definitely. Its a great thing you mentions those movies since Batman Begins started the iconic Nolan trilogies. Out of the three which is your favorite
user2: Ok... Well which of the three Bale films are your favorite
user1: Batman Begins really got me hooked. I watched that one several times. The ending really got me! Did you see the identity of Ra's al Ghul coming? I was totally surprised.
user2: Awesome! It did have the perfect set-up for the next films. Something even Marvel can have a hard time doing!
user1: Very true. I felt that entire trilogy was well done.
user2: Oh yeah! That sequel will go down in history!
user1: Too bad they couldn't keep Katie Holmes involved.

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: Hi, how is it going?
user1: good and your self
user2: I am doing good, I didn't get a document, did you get a movie to talk about?
user1: we will be talking about batman begins
user2: Oh, that is one of my favorite superhero movies!
user1: it was christopher nolan as the director
user1: yes it is a darker take
user2: He is good in everything in directs.
user1: yes christain cale was a great bruce wayne
user1: it had good scores from critics
user2: What kind of scores did it get?
user1: it had a 84 on rotten tomatos
user2: Is that out of 100?
user1: yes
user1: it starts off when bruce was a child
user2: I remember that, doesn't have a scene where he's terrorized by bats in a well?
user1: he fell into a well and was scared by the bats yes
user1: then it goes over his parents death
user2: Oh yes, and then does it mean to away to some martial arts sanctuary in some other country.
user1: when the mugger joe chill killed jis parents
user1: yes and he trains i think
user2: I think I remember Cillian Murphy in it as the scarecrow?
user1: yes
user1: it was weird when bruce tried to burn a temple down
user1: but the guys he was training with was evil
user1: i say that this was a great super hero movie
user2: Now that you bring that up I remember it, his mentor who is the evil guy that wanted to destroy Gotham.
user1: yep he was kill by some debris
user1: when the temple fell
user2: I actually own this movie, so I think I might have to watch it tonight after talking about it.
user1: yes i would like to see it again myself
user2: Doesn't Liam Neeson play the bad guy?
user1: yes he does
user2: I really like most of the movies that he is in.
user1: i really have not seen any other movie he has been in
user1: besides comic book movies i am not a big movie watcher
user2: Thank goodness for you and me that there are a lot of comic book movies.
user1: yes 
user1: thanks for the chat
user1: have a good day
user2: You too.

conversation:
user2: This looks like it might be a good movie.
user1: what movie is it?
user2: Batman Begins.
user1: What do you find instresting about it?
user2: It has some good ratings, an A with CinemaScore and 84% with Rotten Tomatoes.
user1: what is it about?
user2: It reboots the Batman film series and tells the story from the beginning.
user1: who plays batman this time?
user2: Christian Bale.
user1: I do like that actor
user2: Yes, I do too. Michael Caine plays Alfred.
user1: I bet they make a good pair!
user2: Yes, then Liam Neeson is the bad guy.
user1: Ok! I'm sold! lol
user2: Then there's Katie Holmes and Gary Oldman.
user2: I'd go just for Liam Neeson.
user1: any memorable scenes?
user2: Bruce Wayne falls down into a dry well and is attacked by a swarm of bats as a child.  
user1: that would terrify me!
user2: Yes, he developed of phobia of them. Strange.
user1: wiered he would become the thing he fears..i would never be spider woman, i hate spiders!
user2: No kidding.
user1: i would rather be UnicornChick lol
user2: Definitely.  I would like to fly, though.
user1: You'd think someone called Batman would be able to fly
user2: Yes, how is he considered a super-hero?
user2: Apparently he works to overcome his fear of bats.
user1: I guess because he's rich with cool gadgets..he's no Ironman though lol
user2: His equipment is what makes it interesting.
user2: Christopher Nolan directs the movie.
user1: Alfred is what makes Batman cool lol
user2: Yes, he's great.

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: Hi
user1: 84% is pretty good from rotten tomatoes
user2: I don't know to be honest. Not very familiar with rotten tomatoes.
user1: The Metacritic score seems a bit low though
user2: yes. if you compare the two it's 14% gap
user1: Do you generally like Batman movies?
user2: yes. I'm a big fan of the series
user1: Do you agree with the ratings?
user2: more with the rotten tomatoes than with the metacritic one
user1: Christopher Nolan was a fantastic choice for batman
user2: yeah, I really like him.
user2: I'm also a huge fan of Michael Caine and Cilian Murphy
user1: Yeah me too, they're fantastic choices for the movies. 
user1: Morgan freeman's narration is fantastic as well.
user2: what's your take on the opening sequence? of the death of Bruce's parents?
user1: It's pretty harsh, but sets a good scene for the movie, wanting to get back at the bad people in the world that do that kind of stuff.
user1: What do you think of Katie Holmes role?
user2: I have mixed feelings. Her role is more of being the moral conscience of Bruce than that of object of Bruce's unreachable desire.
user1: I can agree with that for sure.
user1: I am definitely a fan of the movie
user2: what do you think of the sequence when he's training in Buthan?
user1: Beautifully shot, and very well done, what do you think?
user2: I agree. But the plot is a bit thin.
user1: What do you think of the idea of batman becoming batman because of the fear of bats as a child?
user1: I think it is a fantastic way of overcoming fear, becoming the fear
user2: I think it's very ingenious. A sign of times and how we understand the psychologic dimension of human beings
user1: What do you think of Falcone>
user2: very good performance. very believable character. 
user1: He makes a very good villain, wouldn't you agree? 
user2: very much so
user1: Also, what do you think of the picture painted by the Gotham City mafia?
user2: it's over
user2: pleasure chatting with you
user2: have a good one

conversation:
user2: Hi! The movie we're talking about is Batman Begins. Would you be interested in seeing it?
user1: Who ar ethe villains?
user2: The villains are Ra's al Ghul and Scarecrow.
user1: is there a lot of action in this movie?
user2: I don't have that information exactly, but it's a well-rated movie with a score of 84% on Rotten Tomatoes. 
user1: Sounds interesting it has to be better than BVS
user2: Yeah, it has lots of good scores on different websites and a positive critical response. 
user1: Oh Batman begins with Christian Bale right. Now im interested
user2: Yep! It has Christian Bale as Batman/Bruce Wayne. Michael Caine is also great as Alfred. 
user1: Im really not sure what to do now, I want to watch the movie
user2: That's good! I have some more info that I can ask you about. . . do you generally like SuperHero movies?
user1: Yes i am a marvel fan

conversation:
user2: hellol
user1: hi
user1: have you watched this movie
user2: yes, it's just been a long time. 
user2: this is my first time doing one of these. Have you done them before?
user1: yes, i do these all the time :) one of my favorite hits. i don't think i watched this movie
user1: Ratings are good! Do you usually care about ratings of the movie?
user2: Oh, good haha then you know what to do! 
user2: Yes, definetely. If they are not good then I tend to stay away from them. Do you?
user1: I do too
user2: Also depends on the actors that are in the film, too.
user1: yes
user1: i was about to say that
user1: Do you like DC comics movies?
user2: Yes! We have seen a lot of them. 
user1: I'm not really into them. I prefer marvel characters
user2: What about you?
user2: that's how my husband is!
user1: I strongly dislike batman lol 
user1: i dont even know why
user2: oh no hahaha I didn't even get to pick the movie, it wouldn't let me! lol I'm not a huge batman fan, but I have seen all of the movies.
user2: I do like Liam Neeson though and he's in this Batman! 
user2: maybe thats why I like it!
user1: i think i've watched some of the batman movies
user1: but i don't remember ever liking them
user2: Don't they have a newer version out?
user1: i have no idea :) i know justice league is out and batman is in it
user2: I want to see that! 
user2: I do like the story line of Batman, though. 
user1: critics say this movie is good this batman movie we are talking about
user2: I agree, they do. It has pretty decent ratings all across the board. 

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: Hello! Do you like super hero movies?
user1: I absolutely love them!
user1: Spider-man?
user2: So you will love this one! It's Batman Begins movie, directed by Christopher Nolan, did you watched?
user1: did you watch, you mean? Yeah! I love that movie. Do you like it?
user2: Yes! The cast is incredible, Christian Bale is really good in Bruce Wayne's role
user1: Arguably the second-best Batman cast ever. Bale is my favorite Batman.
user2: I agree
user1: Who else do you enjoy in the film?
user2: The Scarecrow is also very good
user1: Really? What do you like about him?
user2: His ability to "poison" Batman, giving him nightmares of his childhood and his parents death
user2: The movie is also great to show his childhood, when he felt into the dry well full of bats, which developed his phobia
user1: Oh yeah. That's really intense stuff. I definitely enjoy the film. 
user2: Yeah, I know. It has 84% of approvement in Rotten Tomatoes. It is a very good rating for a super hero movie
user1: That's a great percentage. Do you think Rotten Tomatoes is a creditable resource?
user2: I think it's a good place to get the critics from a movie. But I don't trust them 100%, I just use it to give an idea of how good the movie might be
user1: That's the same way I use RT. That's great. 
user2: What do you think about Batman's trainning scene in the League of Shadows?
user1: I think it's the best part. The way Liam portrays Ra's is amazing.
user2: Definitely agree. Liam fits so well Ra's character
user1: Exactly. It's ridiculous how well he takes on that mantle. I personally find him better than Scarecrow.
user2: And what about the trial scene? I liked that a lot also
user1: I do not remember the trial scene perfectly, could you describe it to me?
user2: It's been a long time since I watched too, but I remember them walking on thin ice
user1: Ah okay I believe I remember now. What else do you like?
user2: the scenes from the Arkham Asylum, when Falcone is sent there after been poisoned by the Scarecrow
user1: Oh wow, that's a good scene too. I wish they really delved into Arkham Asylum more from canon.
user2: Yeah, it would have been awesome. And what do you think about the plot? I mean, spreading the posion through Gotham's water supply?

conversation:
user2: Have you seen Batman Begins?
user1: Yes I have!  I'm a major fan of Christopher Nolan
user2: That's cool. I haven't seen this I have seen the other movies such as dark night and the sequels.
user2: is It good?
user1: I actually like Dark Night better, but Batman Begins is definitely a classic
user1: Even if it is a little old now
user2: How different is it compared to the newer ones?
user1: There is more of a focus on the journey Batman takes and how he matures along the way
user1: Lots of background information on Bruce Wayne 
user2: Oh well that might interesting. 
user1: Do you like superhero movies?
user2: Yeah the only DC comic movies I like are the batman ones. I am more a Marvel person though.
user1: I liked scene 1 from the movie because it gave background as to why Batman is called "batman."
user2: yeah I read that just now. So he became batman because he has a phobia of bats?
user1: That's what I think based off what I read on scene 1
user2: That's ironic. haa
user1: I loved that Alfred (the butler) becomes a key character by raising Bruce
user2: Yeah, that was good how he took him in. I remember him from the others.
user1: I love the scenes where Bruce is training with the League of Shadows!
user2: Is there a lot of action in this movie?
user1: I'd recommend watching it to see that
user1: When Bruce burns down the temple there is definitely a lot of action there
user2: Interesting. I think I'll give it a shot.
user1: Do you usually watch movies based of their ratings?
user2: Most of the time. I like pretty much anything. what about you?
user1: Same, this movie seemed to get good ratings 
user1: Does scene 3 interest you
user1: I like the the way the plot continuously evolves.
user2: Yeah it does. I like the mixture of action and the story of how things happened. 
user1: I agree, there's enough action to keep you entertained and enough backstory to keep you from getting confused.
user1: The performance of Christian Bale was spot on in this movie
user2: I am sure I will like this movie now. Would it be good for kids to watch?
user1: Based off the scenes I read I think it should be okay for kids, perhaps a little violent 
user2: They have seen the walking dead. I'm sure a little violence wouldn't hurt. lol
user1: Lol then I'm sure this movie will be fine for them!

conversation:
user1: Hey there!
user2: hi
user2: what is the name of the movie?
user1: Batman Begins!
user1: The start of the Christopher Nolan Batman trilogy
user2: oh, is that the one with Anne Hathaway?
user1: No that was the third of the trilogy I believe 
user1: This was with Katie Holmes
user1: Liam Neeson was prominent throughout as his teacher
user2: oh, I just saw an interview today with her - on Jimmy Fallon or Jimmy Kimmel, can't remember. She fixed her teeth finally.  /What's the most interesting thing you were told about the movie in the document?
user1: Well it’s metacritic score was a 70/100, seems low
user2: have you seen this movie, would you recommend watching it?
user1: And I never knew Alfred’s last name was Pennyworth
user2: were you told the year the movie came out?
user1: Yes I’ve seen it multiple times, I am a big fan of Bale as Batman and Nolan directing
user1: It came out in 2005
user2: that's the year after I graduated uni, lol. / were you told how long the movie is?
user1: I don’t see how long, my guess is around two hours. Have you seen it?
user2: no, I'm not into Batman movies... Were you told whether the movie got any awards (for directing, cinematography, acting) - this could affect my decision...
user1: (That was the year I graduated high school)
user2: I see... So what about the movie's awards? Any info?
user1: No only that it was  a 7.7/10 on rotten tomatoes and an A for CinemaScore
user1: Are you a fan of Nolan?
user2: that's quite a good score... I remember Stephanie Zackarek, a film critic I usually agree with, is usually harsh about such big movies. Were you told what was her opinion about the movie?
user1: No she is not listed directly. Nolan directed movies such as Interstellar, Inception and most recently Dunkirk
user2: no, to be honest I don't care about Nolan. and I don't usually like big movies. the one with Daniel Craig and that French actress is probably the only big movie I liked in the last years. 
user2: I meant James Bond' movie with Daniel Craig... Does the movie you were told about has any other female actresses listed than Katie Holmes?
user2: _other than_ Katie Holmes I mean
user1: ah I see. Yeah this was a lot more creative, less big picture style Batman. Katie Holmes is the only female mentioned. As I mentioned Liam Neeson is in it, Gary Oldman and Michael Caine as well.
user2: (we need at least 15 exchanges to get paid, the time limit for the chat is 15min if I remember correctly, very little time is left, could you please reply faster?) oh, Michael Caine I like. That Italian movie with him and Harvey Keitel and Rachel Weisz was fun
user1: It’s about the origin and early times of Batman. Essentially his development from regular guy to the hero 
user2: so is there a "young Batman" character in this movie? (a teenage actor, I mean) who is playing him?
user1: Caine usually has the slight jabs of comedy in the Batman movies 
user1: No not teenage, but there is a small youth part but he’s not Batman, just young Bruce Wayne
user1: More like his journey and travels for the few years before he returns to Gotham City and develops Batman
user1: He’s sick of the crime that has taken over the city and how cops can’t or won’t do anything about it
user2: are you told what are the special powers of the costume?
user2: the Batman' costume/armor I mean
user1: No that’s not discussed, I only have specific scenes being added now
user2: "He’s sick of the crime that has taken over the city and how cops can’t or won’t do anything about it" - isn't it his attitude in every Batman movie? :) (I remember seeing one of the old ones on TV when I was a teenager)
user1: Yeah it’s a pretty generic atatement from me
user2: what "specific scenes"? any funny ones?
user1: No the first one is where he’s a child and how he develops his phobia of bats 
user2: and how he develops this phobia?
user1: Yes, that ultimately leads to it fueling him
user2: any info about his mother? what was she like? or at least the father?
user1: His mother and father were killed by a thief around that same age 
user1: His father was the entrepreneur and philanthropist but still was gunned down in the streets. This was a huge development in the direction of Bruce’s life obviously
user2: this sounds familiar, I probably saw something about this in that old Batman movie on TV - I vaguely remember now, it seems it was directed by this English weird fairy tale style movie director, who made Edward Scissorhands..
user2: yeah, childhood trauma. 
user1: Yes that was an earlier adaption in 1990 by Tim Burton
user2: yes!
user1: Who like you said did Ed Scisscors
user2: yeah
user2: which movie is better, the one you are told about or that one, in case you've seen them both?
user1: That one was a little odd. Better writing, acting, character development this time around
user2: the old one was very interesting visually - that I remember. had never seen anything like that
user1: You don’t have to be a superhero junkie to like the Nolan Batman movies, his are a little darker then Hollywood superhero movies
user2: what do you mean by better writing this time around. sharper dialogues?
user2: better one-liners?
user1: Very much so, less of the comic book style dialogue 
user1: I think it’s definitely worth a watch for anyone, you don’t need to be a superhero fan
user2: and what did you mean by better acting this time? could it be that you just like the actors in this movie better than the ones in the old movie?
user1: You could be right, Christian Bale is better than Michael Keaton and George Clooney batman portrayals
user2: (I noticed being biased myself about such stuff - especially if the actors are in the same age group as I am, and look similar to me)
user1: But other co stars from the older ones were also top notch
user2: oh, George Clooney's Batman is a famously bad one
user2: who are the older ones, other than Caine and Neeson?
user1: From the old movies, famously Jack Nicholson was the joker
user1: Before Nolan’s second Batman movie he did that starred Heath Ledger in the role
user2: that one I saw, I'm asking about older ones in the movie you were told about
user1: Oh that’s what I meant by older, the early 90s
user2: ("that one I saw" - that was me about the one with Jack Nicholson.)
user2: oh, I see. but you weren't told who is else in the movie, other than Katie Holmes, Caine, Neeson?
user1: Right, early 90s for me is older. This was the first of three Nolan ones, starting in 2005
user1: Gary Oldman 
user1: And obviously Bale
user1: So what do you think? Is this a movie you might give a look?
user1: Are you still there?
user2: probably, because i've just spent so much time thinking about it and talking about it. this alone made em curious :) also, I'm curious to see a Nolan movie with "fresh eyes" - I dislike him from my years of reading books on film directing (was entertaining idea about going into it), maybe now I'm more of a simpletone / normal movie watcher and might like him... also, I realized I'm biased because of his looks. I remember him looking like the perosn I wouldn't like in real life.
user1: Oh lol sorry
user2: so I want to check out how the current version of me will react to the whole thing.
user2: ok, so I've made my decision, we can stop now it seems
user1: thats interesting I also looked into film directing and read several books but I guess I never took on that view of Nolan.
user1: Yup, hopefully you enjoy!
user2: The Visual Story - filmmaking book - was so great!

conversation:
user1: I din't see this movie, but I like some of the Batman movies.
user1: Tell me what you think about this movie.
user1: It seems a lot of people liked it.
user1: Is anybody there?
user2: It got a lot of good reviews.

conversation:
user2: hello?
user1: Hi!  Sorry, I was just reading the document!
user1: Have you seen Batman Begins?
user2: Cool! Take your time!
user2: I honestly can't remember if I have seen it.
user2: Who plays batman?
user1: Christian Bale - it's the Batman origin story, so he's initially credited as Bruce Wayne.
user2: Cool. Who was the director?
user1: Christopher Nolan - do you typically like his work?
user2: I do!
user1: Awesome! This one got really good Rotten Tomatoes/Metacritic/etc. scores, too, so chances are good you'd like it!
user2: I usually agree with Rotten Tomatometers! Haha.
user2: do you know who did the score?
user1: I don't, actually, but the cast looks really great - on top of Christian Bale, it's got Michael Caine, Liam Neeson, and Katie Holmes!
user2: Awesome. Who does Liam Neeson play?
user1: Ra's al Gul, one of the villiains.
user2: Wow. That sounds great! And Katie Holmes is??
user1: Rachel Dawes - not actually sure who that is!
user2: What year was it released?
user1: Oh, hang on - Rachel Dawes is Bruce Wayne's childhood friend, now an assistant DA.  :)
user1: It was released in 2005.
user2: did it win any academy awards?
user1: I'm not seeing that information, but Christian Bale was praised by critics for playing Bruce Wayne with "both the menace and the with that he showed in his brilliant turn in American Psycho," so it sounds like the acting was excellent!
user2: He is a great actor. Is Batman Marvel or D.C.? I can never remember...
user1: It's D.C.!  Do you tend to like the DC superhero movies?
user2: I'm not sure. Who else is in the D.C. universe? Remind me. Haha
user1: Oh, gosh, I don't remember either - it takes place in Gotham City, if that helps jog your memory!
user2: That's cool. How long is the movie?
user1: I'm not sure - you can probably look it up online, though.
user2: okay.
user1: There are some intense scenes, though, like when young Bruce Wayne sees his parents killed in front of him, so I bet it's worth watching!

conversation:
user2: how it going?
user2: yeah, im here
user2: looks like we are talkign about batman begins
user1: hi
user1: how are you?
user2: im doing well
user2: and yes I do
user2: have you seen the movie before?
user2: is your screen showing the social network?
user2: mine is showing batman begins.. 
user1: I have seen it before, and I really enjoyed it.
user2: they gave one of us the wrong document
user1: Mine isn't showing anything.  only one of us gets a movie synopsis
user2: hmmmm normally it doesnt work that way. i have batman begins on my screen
user1: ok. well, the instuctions stated that only one of us would get a description of the movie.
user1: and then we would talk about it.
user1: so the user lest the chat?

conversation:
user1: This movie got reasonably good scores from the ratings.
user2: I agree! The highest score came from CinemaScore of an A
user1: I like superhero movies, especially the ones based on DC Comics.
user2: Based on the comments, this movie seems interesting.  Batman movies are always fun to watch!
user1: I do wish that there were more female characters though, there was only one female with a fairly large part. Katie Holmes played Rachel Dawes.
user2: Yes, there was only 1 female main role in this.  But I think the focus was so much on Batman, that could be why they didn't cast more females. 
user2: I do like how the film brought back the Batman series. 
user1: Even though Batman was obviously the focus because it was his origin story, the other significant characters were mostly male, Gary Oldman, Liam Neeson, and Michael Cane.
user2: Yes that is true.  It says it also stars Cillian Murphy.  I do not know if that is a male or female. 
user1: Still overwhelmingly male.  
user2: yes agreed
user2: I am not seeing a second document
user2: I have a blank page
user1: it changed a little i think, i have it. some of the reviewrs who didn't like it talked about how they didn't like exploring the whole damaged psyche thing.
user2: Oh I see it now!  I thought it was the same thing.  
user2: no mine is the same
user1: Did you like the scene where He was down the well when he was a kid?
user2: Oh i see that now.  I can see how he would develop a fear of bats!  
user2: The fact that his fear of bats lead to his parents getting murdered, then turned him into Batman!  I never knew that is how he became batman!
user1: It was really sad though when his parents died.
user2: So Chill is released and he wants to get revenge on him!
user1: Chill was pretty chilling.
user1: I like how they showed his powers.
user2: It is a shame that his childhood friend said about his father being ashamed of him.  That is a low blow.
user2: interesting how he says real power comes from being feared
user1: That is a pretty horrible thing to say to an orphan.
user2: agreed!
user2: it is sad how the cops were corrupt in Gotham
user1: I thought it was pretty low that the Dr. Jonathan Crane did bad stuff like smuggle drugs. makes you not want to trust a shrink!
user2: he clearly was a bad one!
user1: at least there was one honest cop
user2: ugh making that drug airborne and ruining the water system  sounds horrible!
user1: why would anybody want to ruin the city they live in by doing that stuff? clearly someone who got that much education should see it would make their own life bad.
user2:  twice Alfred rescued Batman
user1: I wish i had someone that loyal to me! and good at saving me
user2: its like they get power and then want to destroy it
user2: Alfred is awesome!
user1: He sure is!

conversation:
user1: Have you seen Batman Begins?
user2: Yes I have. I really liked it.
user1: although Christian Bale had a voice for Batman that seemed over exaggerated, he played the role very well in terms of being the badass Batman and the super aloof, playboy Bruce Wayne
user1: What did you like about the movie?
user1: The movie also had an awesome soundtrack
user2: I thought Christian Bale was great. He did capture the dual nature of Batman/Bruce Wayne well.
user2: I  liked having about Batman's back story.
user2: Hearing, not having
user1: kinda reminded me of Split with James McAvoy. Christian Bale's transition between Batman and Bruce Wayne's characters were seamless
user1: Batman had a pretty traumatic childhood
user1: he watched as his parents were murdered in front of him
user1: And his whole thing about becoming Batman was to bring other people to justice in his own way with his family's wealth and his upbringing
user2: I know, he could have gone either way - super hero or super villain
user1: Do you think you're more of a super hero or a super villian?
user2: I loved that he and Alfred have stayed loyal to each other. Their friendship is kind of a touching part of the movie.
user2: I am more of a hero I guess! I am too much of a softy to be a villain.
user1: Aw yes. I liked the post apocalyptic kinda feel towards the film as well, and the lighting
user1: haha, i feel the same way about being a villian
user1: villian
user2: Do you like a lot of superhero movies?
user1: I suppose. I did really enjoy guardians of the galaxy
user2: Me too, and I liked the Thor movies.
user2: I never really read comics though.
user2: So I don't know anything about DC or Marvel really.
user1: Bruce Wayne falls into a well of sorts and was attacked by a bunch of bats and developed that phobia. I guess he became Batman to fight that fear and have a greater purpose in his anger
user1: Same here about DC and Marvel
user1: I heard that DC has more characters that have more relatable lives
user1: and have more unrealistic heroes
user1: while Marvel is kinda the opposite
user2: The superhero genre is very popular now although it used to be thought of as "nerdy."
user2: New superhero movies are usually the summer blockbusters each year
user1: more elaborate backstories for the person's real life, while having more relatable hero traits
user1: That's very observant of you to notice about when most popular and high grossing movies come out and are being watched
user2: That is one of the reasons I like Batman, because he is a regular person with no super powers, just lots of gadgets and a mission!
user1: Batman got himself arrested while trying to bring a druglord down
user2: He is also portrayed as imperfect and has a troubled past, so in that way he more relatable to many people.
user1: He lets his loved ones know and the people who he trusts, like an honest cop and a corrupt psychaiatrist to try to get the drug lord taken down
user2: Yea the vigilante aspect of his work is an interesting element in the story.
user1: Have you seen the sequels to the movie?

conversation:
user1: This movie is the first of Christopher Nolan's version of the Batman series
user2: How you holding up dude
user2: I slept off yesternight when you wanted to talk to me about a movie\
user2: Bring it on please

conversation:
user1: Hi, What's the name of the movie we are about to discuss?
user2: Batman Begins
user1: Have you watched it?
user2: Yes, have you?
user1: no
user1: not into batman movies 
user1: when did it come out?
user2: Ok, then I'm going to try to convince you to watch it
user2: It came out in 2005
user1: did you like it?
user2: Yes, but I'm biased.
user1: why
user2: Do you like Christopher Nolan movies? I like them in general.
user1: i don't think i even know any of his movies.
user1: are the ratings good?
user2: Ok, his most recent one was Dunkirk. Have you heard of that one?
user2: Nolan's movies are almost always blockbusters, so they are popular.
user1: yup but i haven't watch it
user2: Heard of Inception?
user1: yup, love that movie
user1: are the ratings good? I'm particularly interested in rotten tomatoes
user2: So Nolan directed Inception and is also the director of Batman Begins
user2: RT for Batman Begins is 84%
user1: do you usually agree with ratings?
user2: Yes, I generally do
user1: i always check ratings before watching a movie
user2: Me too
user2: Don't want to waste time and money
user1: i agree, what do critics say about this movie?
user2: The critics say "being both comic-book archetypes and real people"
user2: "comfortably mix the tormented drama and revenge motifs with light hearted gags andcomic book allusions,"s who sign up to make them, have no evident motive beyond theirown aggrandizement."● "hype about exploring Batman's damaged psyche"● "both the menace and the wit he showed in his brilliant turn in American Psycho"
user1: interesting
user1: thank you
user1: do you like the cast?
user2: It's a famous cast, and the acting is actually good.
user2: "comfortably mix the tormented drama and revenge motifs with light hearted gags andcomic book allusions,"s who sign up to make them, have no evident motive beyond theirown aggrandizement."● "hype about exploring Batman's damaged psyche"● "both the menace and the wit he showed in his brilliant turn in American Psycho"
user2: sorry
user2: let me try that again
user2: ● Christian Bale as Bruce Wayne / Batman● Michael Caine as Alfred Pennyworth● Liam Neeson as Henri Ducard / Ra's al Ghul● Katie Holmes as Rachel Dawes● Gary Oldman as James Gordon
user2: anything else?
user2: Hello?
user2: Are you still there?

conversation:
user2: hi
user2: its islam
user2: from VA USA|
user1: hi
user1: its jay
user1: from NY USA
user2: nice to meet you
user2: jay
user1: same here islam. did you like batman begins?
user2: yea superb 
user2: you like it?
user1: it's my favorite of the Nolan ones. the document mentions the realism of the comic book characters, and I agree.
user2: ok 
user1: it's like they are real people, not just superheroes
user2: yea
user2: right
user1: what do you like about it?
user2: i liked it because of quality of making
user2: just awesome work
user2: by all of them
user1: yeah, it's well-paced and beautiful to look at.
user1: were you familiar with the background of Bruce Wayne becoming an orphan before you saw this film?
user2: no
user2: are you male or female?
user1: this document mentions all the world travels done by Bruce, and how he is trained by the Justive League. I thought this part was awesome.
user2: yea
user1: Or I guess its called the League of Shadows and Ra's al Ghul. Liam Neeson was the man in this.
user2: yea
user1: The Carmine Falcone character was just too minor a role for me to get into.
user1: What did you think of the mastermind plot of Ghul with the water supply?
user2: awesome
user1: Scarecrow was pretty creepy and cool too.
user2: awesome
user2: yea
user1: Rachel was pretty much a throw away character to me, and I didn't care about her much.
user1: Lucius Fox is a good helper and sidekick because Morgan Freeman is always likeable.

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: Hi. Do you like Christian Bale?
user1: Yeah, he's a great actor!
user2: You should really check out Batman Begins, if you haven't seen it.
user2: It is a reboot of the Batman series and tells the origin story of Bruce Wayne from the death of his parents to his journey to become Batman and his fight to stop Ra's al Ghul and the Scarecrow form plunging Gotham City into chaos.

conversation:
user2: Hey how you doing 
user2: How is your day going 
user2: Have you seen the movie 
user1: nI
user1: No
user2: Where you from
user1: It's a superhero movie. Do you like those kind of movies?
user2: Yes really cool
user2: What's your favorite hero
user2: The dark knight rises I like that movie better
user1: I guess it would be Batman, I like his origin story. I think it's really sad that his parents died.
user2: Yeah I know 
user2: I like the joker in the dark knight 
user1: Do you like the actors that played the characters in this movie? Do you think that Christian Bale is believable as Batman?
user2: Yes he is the best
user2: I don't think any body else can be as good as him
user2: I don't really like the new Batman s lol
user2: How about you 
user1: My favorite scene if the movie is the beginning scene in which Bruce Wayne falls into well and is attacked by a swarm of bats. It's very cinematic.
user1: I like the new Batmans just fine.
user2: Yes that's scene it's great
user2: How about when he became Batman for the first time he didn't have that much gear
user1: Can you believe this movie came out in 2005! I remember when this movie came out. Makes me feel very old.
user2: Lol
user2: It's been a while

conversation:
user2: Is anyone there?
user1: Hey there.  Batman Begins has a pretty good ratings from different movie critics, because it follows comic book styles and real people at the same time.  Have you seen it?
user2: No I cant say that I have seen it. Did you enjoy watching it?
user1: Yes, I enjoyed it.  I thought it explored Batman's side as a human, not just a superhero.  It did a nice job of portraying the psychological issues he had as a person.  Christian Bale is a good actor in it 
user2: Sounds like a good one. I'm debating whether or not to see it.
user2: I'm still not too smart with these types of movies. Would this be a Marvel or DC film and if I may ask, what's the difference?
user1: This one is a DC movie.  It's directed by Christopher Nolan 
user1: It also has Liam Neeson, Gary Oldman, and Michael Caine in it
user1: Do you usually follow movie ratings when you watch something new?
user2: Oh yes, Liam Neeson. I know him, hes a good actor. Ive seen him in the Taken Series. Great character he plays and now recently in another suspense movie that takes place aboard a train. 
user2: However the other actors, I haven't heard of them.
user2: I typically follow movie ratings when I go to the theater but not if I'm watching anything at home.
user1: That makes sense.  
user1: It's funny, because Christian Bale manages to use some of his character from American Psycho, a completely different movie, in this one.  
user2: Oh wow. That sounds like you would had to have seen American Psycho to understand!
user2: So how are the special effects in this Batman movie?
user1: They're mostly practical and well done, as they portray the chaos caused by Scarecrow and the other bad guys of the film 
user1: I know you asked about it being DC or Marvel, but do you usually watch superhero movies or no?
user2: I do, ive seen quiet a few of them but its all been in the last 4 to 5 years. I didn't grow up following these character via comic books or cartoons so I'm unfamiliar with their origins/affiliations.
user1: Ah, gotcha.  I think it hits well for people that don't even usually like comic book movies.  Without spoiling it, it's partially a mafia drama in some parts, which is neat
user1: It's also the origin story so it of course follows what made him turn into Batman from his childhood 
user2: oh ok.
user2: So are there any major twist and turns, without giving too much away?
user1: Yes, definitely.  It sets up some big twists that involve Bruce Wayne and the group he's trained with 
user2: .So would you classify this film as a block buster must have in your own collection?
user2: Or is this one more like for the diehard Batman fan type?
user1: I would say it's worth having even if you're not a major Batman fan.  Cinemascore even gave it an A which is pretty good 
user1: It has unique villains as well 
user1: I didn't expect the Scarecrow bad guy to be who he turned out to be when I watched it
user2: Ahh! So there are some twist. I love twist and suspense. 
user2: Trying to figure out if I'm going to watch this film. What else is awesome about it?
user1: The way they frame the supporting characters is really well done.  Michael Caine, who plays Alfred for example, really shines in the movie and helps Batman out a lot 
user1: It shows how Batman can't do it all on his own
user2: That's been the story of Batmans life I suppose.
user1: Yeah, I agree
user1: Nice talking to you
user2: Rich beyond measure, privlidged but scorned from the death of his parents. Having everything but having nothing at the same time. A loner if you will who is helped by his butler.

conversation:
user1: Heyo!
user2: dude
user1: Yes?
user2: i wanted to review a movie with you but I'm trying to locate where i dropped the information on my pc
user1: It should be below this chat

conversation:
user2: Hello 
user1: hi , how are u_
user2: Great, how are you 
user2: Have you seen the movie
user1: i think i did i dont remember
user1: what about u ? have u watched it ?
user2: I have seen it although it was quite awhile ago
user1: the fact that liam neeson is in it is a plus for me
user1: oh and gary oldman
user2: There are quite a few good actors in this movie
user1: those are geat actors
user2: The ratings are great to!!
user2: I love how they referenced some of the old comic books stuff but also put a new modern spin on it 
user1: i know the director is good too
user2: Yes i love the director
user1: i like movies about superheroes
user2: They are not my favorite but my son enjoys superhero movies so i watch because of him
user1: is a mixed of real life and fantasy 
user2: Yeah everyone loves a little fantasy now and then.  If only we had some superpowers
user1: what is ur favorite scene _
user2: I liked the scene where batman fell into the well and is attacked by bats. He was scared of them.  I thought that was interesting because batman isnt scared of anything
user1: i liekd that it shows how batman was trained when he was a child
user2: Yeah me to. Sad that his parents were murdered in front of him though 
user2: that had to be terrible as child
user1: yea probably that shaped his character 
user1: well is good that they show us this part of batmans history so we can see him more like a human 
user1: than a superheroe
user2: That is a good point. I never really thought about that before.  I think it is nice to see him as a human and then superhero
user2: Maybe he would have taken a different course had they not been murdered.  I like how they use all different emotions to really make the movie great
user1: yea i know
user2: It was a good movie to appeal to both kids and adults i think 
user1: idk if for kids last movie was a nit too graphic
user1: bit
user1: hello?

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hello
user2: do you want a good movie recomendation
user1: Yes, please. I would love one. 
user2: Batman Begins
user2: one of a kind movie
user1: Awesome. Who directed that one?
user2: Christopher Nolan
user2: It came out 2005
user2: it was also writen by Nolan
user1: Was that one the first in the new Nolan trilogy?
user2: yes
user2: for me the best Betman movie ever
user1: Who plays Batman?
user2: Cristian Bale
user2: Christian Bale
user1: I know Joker is the bad guy in The Dark Knight. Who is the bad guy in Batman Begins?
user1: What did the critics think of it?
user2: bad guys are Scarecrow and the League of Shadows 
user1: Ah, cool. So what did the critics think of the movie?
user2: critics were 84% rotten tomatoes
user2: 7.7 of 10
user1: Excellent. Did it win any awards?
user2: he was nominated for oscar,he won saturn award
user2: AAFCA Award
user2: and many more
user1: Who? Christian Bale or Christopher Nolan?
user2: if you meant for the oscars Best Achievement in CinematographyWally Pfister 
user1: Oh, cool. Have you seen it and if so what did you think?
user2: it is a great movie ,deep and dark as the Betman movie should be,amazing cast ,acting perfection ,top production 
user1: Sounds like my kind of movie. Who plays the butler?
user2: Michael Cane
user2: Caine
user2: Gary Oldman is Gordon 
user2: Katie Holmes is Rachel
user1: Cool. Does it tell Batman's origin story?
user2: how all started and evolved
user1: Very cool. Does it show how his parents were killed?
user2: as a child Bruce falls in to dry well and ...
user2: Yes 
user1: How did it do at the box office?
user2: it is like past and present but more action than drama 
user1: Ok. Sounds good. Thanks for all the info!
user2: 374.2 million USD box office
user2: No problem ,i was glad to share this great movie

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Batman begins
user2: i really liked that movie
user1: You should watch it again it has 1. Rotten Tomatoes: 84% and average: 7.7/10
user2: that is a really good rating, i would not mind seeing it
user1: and 2. Metacritic Score: 70/100
user2: a little bit lower but still good
user1: and this website even gave it a letter 3. CinemaScore: A
user2: now that is great, who is in it
user1: You got the Neesons
user2: oh i like that guy
user1: The Gary Oldman's
user2: dont think i know who that us
user2: *is
user1: Babe Katie Holmes, probably the last movie she was ever in before Tom Cruise captured her
user2: ahh, she was pretty hot. thanks tom
user1: The Bale of Christians
user2: ooo he is a real good one
user1: The first key scene in this movie is  As a child, Bruce Wayne falls down into a dry well and is attacked by a swarm of bats,subsequently developing a phobia of the creatures. While watching an opera with hisparents, Thomas and Martha, Bruce becomes frightened by performers masquerading asbats and asks to leave. Outside, mugger Joe Chill murders Bruce's parents in front of him.Orphaned, Bruce is raised by the family butler, Alfred Pennyworth.
user2: oh no how sad
user2: breaks my heart
user1: The second key scene is Fourteen years later, Chill is freed in exchange for testifying against Gotham City mafiaboss Carmine Falcone. Bruce intends to murder Chill, but one of Falcone's assassins doesso first. Bruce's childhood friend, assistant district attorney Rachel Dawes, berates him forattempting to undermine the justice system, saying that his father would be ashamed. Bruceconfronts Falcone, who tells him that real power comes from being feared. Bruce decides totravel the world and learn how to confront injustice. While serving a prison sentence for theftin Bhutan, he meets Henri Ducard, who trains him as a member of the League of Shadows,led by Ra's al Ghul. After completing his training and purging his fears, Bruce learns that theLeague intends to destroy Gotham, believing it to be corrupt, decadent, hypocritical andbeyond saving. Bruce rejects the League's cause and burns down their temple during hisescape. Ra's is killed by falling debris, while Bruce saves the unconscious Ducard.
user2: oh wow sounds interesting i think you have me sold
user1: Did I mention it has Michael Caine?
user2: no you did not, now im all for it
user1: Key scene #3 is Batman intercepts a drug shipment, provides Rachel with evidence against Falcone, andenlists Sergeant James Gordon, one of the few honest cops left in Gotham, to arrest him. Inprison, Falcone meets with Dr. Jonathan Crane, a corrupt psychiatrist whom he has helpedsmuggle drugs into Gotham, and threatens to reveal his complicity if he does not declarehim mentally unfit for trial. Crane puts on a scarecrow mask and sprays Falcone with a fear-inducing hallucinogen that drives him insane (which causes Falcone to constantly mouth theword "Scarecrow"), and has him transferred to Arkham Asylum. While investigating "theScarecrow", Batman is exposed to the hallucinogen and left incapacitated. He is saved byAlfred and given an antidote developed by Fox. When Rachel accuses Crane of corruption,Crane reveals that he has been pouring his fear-inducing drug into Gotham's water supply.He drugs Rachel with it, but Batman saves her and subdues Crane, who claims to work forRa's al Ghul. Batman evades the police to get Rachel to safety, administers the antidote,and gives her a vial of it for Gordon and another for mass production. Ducard reappears atBruce's birthday party and reveals himself to be the true Ra's al Ghul. Having stolen apowerful microwave emitter from Wayne Enterprises, he plans to vaporize Gotham's watersupply, rendering Crane's drug airborne and causing mass hysteria that will destroy the city.He sets Wayne Manor aflame and leaves Bruce to die, but Alfred rescues him.
user2: very descriptive, i like how this movie sounds
user1: Scene 4 is when Katie Holmes is captured and replaced with an evil imposter Maggie Gyllenhaal
user2: i hate how that sounds. maggie is ew
user1: Its critical responses include "being both comic-book archetypes and real people"● "comfortably mix the tormented drama and revenge motifs with light hearted gags andcomic book allusions,"s who sign up to make them, have no evident motive beyond theirown aggrandizement."● "hype about exploring Batman's damaged psyche"● "both the menace and the wit he showed in his brilliant turn in American Psycho"
user2: thanks for the info

conversation:
user2: Hi there
user1: Christopher Nolan directed this movie.
user2: Interestingly this movie received a 84% on Rotten Tomatoes.
user2: Did you like the movie?
user1: It got an "A" CinemaScore.
user2: The movie also received a score of "A" on CinemaScore. 
user1: It did!
user2: Also 70/100 on MS
user1: It's tells of Bruce Wayne's journey to becoming Batman.
user2: It was produced in 2005.
user1: I liked Morgan Freeman.
user2: I like Christian Bale. 
user1: Christian Bale was good as Batman, and Michael Caine is good as Alfred.
user2: I think he is
user2: Christian Bale is a great actor.
user1: He performs well, particularly in this movie.
user2: In this movie, Batman burns down the Temple. 
user1: I don't remember that part, but do you typically like SuperHero movies?
user2: I don't think he did it for revenge. 
user2: Not really into it. 
user2: I think this movie is a bit better than the comic-book.
user2: What do you think?
user1: I typically don't like these kinds of movies either, but I think the ratings are about correct.  I enjoyed seeing Bruce train and learn how to confront injustice in the world.
user2: Christian Bale should play more comic-books movies. 
user2: I think he played as Batman well. 
user1: Christopher Nolan is one of my favorite writer/director.
user2: I'm not a big fan of Christopher Nolan. 
user1: His contributions may be why this is my favorite Batman movie.
user2: I think in scene Batman was a bit confused there. 
user2: He tried to do good but he ran into Rachel. 
user2: Hey can you hurry I only have 4 minutes left. 
user1: And Alfred ends up being the hero!
user2: Alfreds?
user1: Alfred rescues Bruce from his burning mansion.
user2: Oh got it. 
user2: I think that is in scene 3.
user1: The paragraphs aren't showing up for me.
user2: Same here.
user2: Batman fights in scene 3. 

conversation:
user1: Hello, how is it going?
user2: Hey! I'm great
user2: how're you?
user1: Doing great! Ready to talk about movies
user2: Oh sure yeah, man!
user2: I love DC movies
user2: and I looooove Christopher Nolan movies
user1: Same here. Whats the movie we are talking about?
user2: it's Batman Begins, the first in the Dark Knight Trilogy
user1: Definitely liked it a lot.
user1: i like how they brought up the whole history
user2: is it your favorite Christopher Nolan movie?
user1: I would say Memento is my favorite
user1: but Inception is also great
user1: as well as the Batman Trilogy
user1: whats yours?
user2: mine is definitely Interstellar, I'm a big Sci-Fi nerd haha
user2: do you think this movie deserves a better rating than the one given to him by Rotten Tomatoes?
user1: Whats the rating?
user1: I forgot about Interstellar
user1: Amazing movie, loved the time travel and wormholes
user2: no, I'm talking about Batman Begins
user2: it's 84%
user1: I think 84% for Batman Begins is a fair rating
user1: It was great, but not amazing. At times I thought it was too slow
user1: Loved the story though
user2: yeah, I agree
user2: the origin story felt fresh
user1: Definitely, picked up the pace on the dark knight
user2: I loved Bruce's journey of self-discovery after he attempted to take revenge from Joe Chill
user2: it was so thought-provoking
user1: Oh yeah, very introspective aspects in there, did not feel like a run of the mill science fiction superhero movie
user2: yup, couldn't agree more. The dramatic aspects of the movie really hit home
user2: at time you'd forget you're watching a superhero movie
user2: hats down to Chris Nolan
user1: Definitely one of the best directors of our time. He has the ability to do science fiction, historic movies, drama, etc
user1: He is very committed to every project
user2: and lemme just say, although Ras Al'Gul's plan was evil
user2: it was brilliant
user2: even the villains in Chris Nolan's world are amazing
user2: hint hint: The Joker hahaha
user1: The joker performance was out of this world, I mean, that guy nailed it. 
user1: Thank you! 
user1: it was nice talking to you
user1: Good luck
user2: nice talking to you too
user2: bye

conversation:
user1: HI WE ARE TALKING ABOUT BATMAN BEGINS
user1: HAVE YOU SEEN IT?
user2: I have
user2: A few times actually
user1: ITS A SUPERHERO MOVIE STARRING Christopher Nolan
user1: i think he is a pretty good actor rotten tomatoes gave the movie 84 percent
user1: Michael Caine is also in the movie have you heard of him ? He plays a pretty good Alfred
user2: I think he gave a very convincing portayal of Bruce Wayne
user2: Michael Caine is one of my preferred actors. I've seen several of his films throughout the many years of his career
user1: He did Liam Neeson places Henri he was pretty good too 
user1: I ddint realize Katie Holmes was even in this movie but she is says she played Rachel Dawes
user2: She was in the movie. I did not care for her acting.
user1: So Its a 2005 superhero movie that was a long time ago now
user1: I agree!! I do like Gary Oldman though he was good as James Gorden
user1: The movie was written by Nolan and David S Goyer.
user2: I thought the way Christopher Nolan brought us up to speed with how Bruce lost his parents was deeply powerful
user1: Yes, the movie tells the origin story of bruce wayne from the death of his parents to his journey to become batman
user2: It seemed as though the critics appreciated the darker side of this story
user1: His fight to stop Ra's al Ghui and the Scarecrow from plunging Gotham into chaos.
user2: I thought it was interesting how little the Scarecrow played a role in this film
user1: It was a comfotable mix
user1: it was.  14 years later Chill is freed in exchange for testifying against Gotham city male boss Carmine Falcone.
user1: Burce intends to murder him but one of Falcones assassins does so first.
user2: Liam Neeson definitely held his own on screen as both a mentor to Bruce and a zealot who went deep into his beliefs
user1: He did and did you know that as a child bruce wayne falls down into a dry well and is attacked by a swarm of bats so he has a phobia of bats now
user2: After watching this film, I felt strongly that Bale as Batman was an excellent choice
user1: Christman Bale played an excellent Batman
user1: in the story he learns the league intends to destroy gotham beleieving it to be corrupt 
user2: Bruce turned the power of fear that Falcone used back on him
user1: batman intercepts a drug shipment and provides rachale evidence against the falcone
user1: st james gorden has to arrest him
user2: The legal approach to taking down Falcone was important but Batman needed to use his skills in order to finish the job
user2: Bruce has very strong beliefs in right vs. wrong and doesn't hesitate to act
user1: Ra's al Ghul steals a microwave emitter from wayne enterprise and plans to vaporize gothams water
user1: it renders the drug airborne and causes mass hysteria that will destroy the city
user1: he sets Wayne manor a flame and leaves Bruce to die but Alfred saves him.
user2: Scarecrow manipulated the most effective way to execute his plan
user2: He was another character who wanted to see Gotham taken down
user1: Scarecrow is investigated by Batman and during that time is exposed to the hallucinogen
user2: This movie showed how Alfred played a huge part in Bruce's success.

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: How are you today?
user1: well and yourself?
user2: Great.  What's up?
user1: I'm supposed to convince you to watch Batman Begins
user2: You would not have much to do then.  I love Batman.  What does this movie entail?
user1: awesome, I am a fan as well. It's a reboot of Batman's origin story.
user2: So basically it is about retelling the original story
user1: yes, how his parent die and his journey to becoming Batman
user1: He's up against Ra's al Ghul and Scarecrow
user2: How did he become Batman.  Was he bitten by a bat, like Spiderman was bitten by a spider?
user1: When Bruce/Batman was a child, he fell down a well and was attacked by bats. He developed a phobia to them. 
user2: ok
user2: But I never heard about those enemies.  I know about Joker and Riddler.  What powers do Ghul and Scarecrow have?
user1: I believe they mess with the psyche
user2: So they both messed with him in the movie?
user1: yes
user1: and with Gotham City
user2: So how did he overcome his enemies?
user1: He was going to kill the person that murdered his parent when he was set free but someone else got to him first.
user2: Who?
user1: Bruce then went to train to become Batman.
user1: Chill is who murdered his parents.
user1: An assassin on Carmine Falcone killed him
user2: Chill?  I never heard of that enemy.  
user1: He's basically Bruce's first enemy since he's the one who killed his parents.
user2: Ok.  But Batman wins in the end?
user1: doesn't he always?
user1: but it's not without putting up a good fight
user2: So there is a lot of action then?
user1: yes, much action 
user1: there are many key action scenes.
user2: Such as?
user1: His training, his car, his fights with the enemies

conversation:
user1: Seen any good movies lately?
user2: Hi, How are you? The movie is a superhero movie that is very popular. And the director is Christopher Nolan. It's called Batman Begins. You should watch it!
user2: Doesn't this movie sound really good?
user1: I do like Batman, who is the actor?
user2: Christian Bale is Batman :)
user1: Oh yummy. lol Do you think it would be ok for the whole family?
user2: Yes definitely. Batman is great for all ages.
user2: Especially children love it.
user1: Who is the villian in this one?
user1: My kids still get all eww if there's even a kiss scene lol
user2: I believe Liam Neeson is the villian.
user1: Oh, I haven't seen him in a while
user2: lol It doesn't look like this movie will have much of that.
user2: Ya me either.
user1: Now, is this the newest installment, or what year did this one come out?
user2: It came out in 2005
user2: So it's been a bit.
user1: lol That will make ya feel late to the party
user2: For sure lol
user1: Oh, do you know the running time?
user2: It has a bit in it about when he was a child.
user2: Hmmmm good question!! The review doesn't say.
user2: It has a cinema score of A though.
user1: Dinner first then :) 
user2: It has lots of lighthearted gags in it which seems cool.
user2: Yes lol for sure
user1: Origin stories are my favorite
user2: Same here :)
user1: Ms. Cool? Is that another bad guy, girl, baddie?
user2: Im not sure. There is Rachel Dawes in it though.
user2: Played by Katie Holmes
user1: I don't know that Rachel. 
user1: Katie though, my husband will be ready to watch it with me 
user2: It's the characters name. Maybe she is new?
user2: Mine too :)

conversation:
user1: Hi, there!  Did you see Batman Begins?
user2: Yes i did, did you?
user1: Yes! I went with my husband. He loves comic book stuff -- I typically don't, but I love Michael Caine. He always plays such unusual parts! What did you think?
user2: i liked the dark tone of the movie
user1: Oh, yes, it did have that, didn't it? Christopher Nolan gets pretty dark! Who was your favorite actor in it?
user2: christian bale was my favorite actor
user1: He's really good. My favorite comic book type movies (seen lots iwth hubby) are those where they tell the "becoming the hero" part -- the history, rather than just another adventure.
user2: me too but i dont watch a lot of comic book movies
user1: I only do when dragged, but I'm dragged a lot.......    I also love seeing Morgan Freeman. He makes it feel "like home," because I've seen so many movies with him in it.
user2: yeah he is good too. i would like the comic movies more if they were so geared toward children
user1: Well, hell, I'd develop a phobia if I were attacked by a swarm of bats, wouldn't you?
user2: yes lol
user2: not to mentioned watched my parents get murdered
user1: I agree. Shocking! As a side note, my mother witnessed the murder of her godmother!!!
user2: dang thats crazy
user1: Nice to be raised by the butler, though. Like being raised by a really nice older brother.
user2: yeah i could get used to that
user1: Same here. Parents can be a nuisance. Like the anti-revenge theme on the one hand, but glad someone got him (on the other)!
user2: i enjoyed the movie and the sequels
user1: Yes. It was good. I love the name "League of Shadows." It's so immaterial.
user2: i like the origin aspects
user2: yeah it is cool
user1: Same here. I like the part where he's in prison, too, but I have a fascination with institutions.
user2: yeah they did a good job with the prison
user2: scenes
user1: Well, I love the fear inducing drug. Sounds like PCP!
user2: i liked the ninja scenes on the mountain too
user1: I don't love it as in take it myself, of course. No way!
user1: I can't imagine how much it would cost to rebuild Wayne Manor after the fire....
user2: im sure it wouldnt be a problem for him lol
user1: I would find it very odd to encounter an individual who went around shouting "Scarcrow." For sure.
user2: i agree

conversation:
user2: Does this seem like a movie that you would enjoy watching or do the rotten tomato scores scare you off?
user1: Hello. I think the Rotten Tomatoes score for this film seems fine and I like the review. 
user1: Do you like the SuperHero genre? 
user2: Generally I think the SuperHero genre is interesting. I don't like movies though that have both super heroes and real people so I'm not sure if I would like this or not
user2: Do you like super hero origin stories?
user1: I see. Sure I agree with you on that. This one seems interesting in that it has an origin story. I find superhero films with an origin story in it
user2: Yes I see that as well
user1: A great ensemble of actors/actresses. Gary Oldman, Christian Bale, etc.
user1: It is interesting the Japanese actor Ken Watanabe is in it. I wonder how critical a role he plays in this one. 
user2: Yes, I like most of the performers that I know. There are many that are highly acclaimed. 
user2: I'm not sure who Watanabe is. I don' think his inclusion is something that would motivate me to or not to see the movie since I don't recognize his name.
user1: Well okay. But in the cast section it says Liam Neeson is Henri Ducard / Ra's al Ghul. I wonder what that is supposed to mean. He is supposed to play two roles or something
user2: that could be interesting
user2: Do you think that's the alter ego character? 
user1: Are you a big fan of Chris Nolan's films? I think he is a great director and I have no doubt this is an excellent film
user2: similar to Bruce Wayne and batman?
user2: I think that Nolan is an excellent director
user1: I have no clue but I think you are onto something!
user1: Ahhh! Here Bruce meets Henri Ducard while he travels around the world
user2: There is some new information here about his background... I find that interesting
user2: That obviously means they are not the same person
user1: Yes. Indeed. It says "a swarm of bats." I wonder how they managed to film "a swarm of bats"
user2: yeah I have no idea about that - do you think they were CGI
user1: Probably. I can't think of anyway they could "train" bats
user2: haha - yeah that's true - maybe just hope for a natural scene
user1: Okay they talk about Ra's al Ghul here again in No. 3. I thought he was dead
user2: yeah - that's what I thought as well.
user2: does that mean that the earlier one was just a fake death?
user1: Nono.. Henri Ducard was actually Ra's Al Ghul I think?
user2: that makes sense
user2: so it kind of proves what we were guessing based on the earlier cast preview?
user1: Haha... yeah... bummer... 
user1: And all that drug things... Sounds like a complicated plot.
user2: yeah sounds like a confusing movie in some ways - but I think it could be interesting
user1: How is Batman exposed to "hallucinogen?" does he drink a spiked drink?
user2: yeah - I have no idea - maybe he gets shot with it as a dart or something
user2: maybe it gets leaked through the gas lines in the house
user1: Yeah.. I guess so. And what is with this "Scarecrow?"
user2: I don't know why that would be in there. It is hard to see how that would be understood in a world of just a review (as opposed to actually seeing the movie).
user2: do you have any other thoughts on the movie based on this review?
user1: Well. I think the story seems quite complicated, based on the review. I wonder it is the kind of film that requires several times of viewing to understand
user2: that seems to be my opinion as well. I think it is complicated to have a full review of an action movie - especially when there are so many moving parts. I think it might be a good movie to watch, but I don't think I could get all the details in just one viewing.
user1: Yeah. Besides, this is an origin story. And yet the main plot is about the bad guys trying to destroy Gotham
user2: Good time reviewing with you!
user1: Thanks!

conversation:
user1: hello!
user1: IS anyone there?
user2: Hi there
user1: Hello!
user1: What is the movie we are discussing today?
user2: We'll be talking about  Batman Begins. 
user1: ooooo nice
user1: have yoou seen it?
user2: If you haven't seen it then you really should.  
user1: i have
user2: Yes I have.  Have you?
user1: yup!
user2: Christian Bale  was Batman in this one.
user1: He did a great job
user1: wasnt this a heath ledger film as well?"
user2: No.  It started Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Liam Neeson, Katie Holmes, and Gary Oldman
user2: Isn't it funny how Bruce Wayne had a phobia of Bats but later used that to become The Batman
user1: Ah my bad
user1: Its awesome!
user1: conquer your fears..right?
user1: I AM>>>>THE>>>>>>BATman
user2: Right!!
user1: i completely forgot liam neison was in this film

conversation:
user1: hi!
user2: Hello! Have you ever seen Batman Begins?
user1: I'm not sure, is that the one that came out in 2008?
user2: No, it actually came out in 2005
user1: Oh, then I definitely didn't see it. Who's in it?
user2: It was one of the Christopher Nolan films. Christian Bale plays Batman and there's also Michael Caine, Liam Neeson, Katie Holmes, and Gary Oldman as the other main characters.
user2: Morgan Freeman is in it too
user1: I love Christopher Nolan films, and Christian Bale. Do you know if Cilian Murphy was in it, too?
user1: I think he was the scarecrow in another Batman franchise movie, not sure if it was that one.
user2: Me too! I totally agree. And yes, Cillian Murphy is listed in the info but I am not sure what he plays
user2: Oh okay
user1: Ah. Well I would definitely see it if he's in it, he's my #1 celeb crush :)
user1: How long is the movie?
user2: Ohhhh that guy! (I just googled him) Yes he is scarecrow. 
user2: I am not sure, it's pretty long, but doesn't say exactly how long in the document
user1: Haha so dreamy. He had a cameo in one of the more recent Batman movies
user1: Yeah I feel like Nolan films are always a little long. Usually like to wait until they're available OnDemand to watch them at home.
user2: Yeah they are usually about two and a half hrs or more. Moving back to info in the document though, I like how in Batman Begins Ra's al Ghul plays a big part (Liam Neeson). Kind of a weird name, huh
user2: He trains Batman to conquer his fears.
user1: That is a weird name. I only know Liam Neeson from the Taken movies. So it sounds like he plays a good guy?
user2: Kind of. He leads the League of Shadows. I think he is kind of a bad guy but a good guy in the sense that he helps Batman to become Batman
user1: Got it, I remember that from Dark Night Rises. 
user1: Katie Holmes doesn't appear in that movie, does she die in Batman Begins?
user2: No, Batman saves her. We aren't supposed to discuss what isn't in the document but Rachel is just played by someone different because Tom Cruise got jealous of Katie Holmes kissing Batman, apparently. Anyways, we do have a new paragraph to discuss. 
user2: It's about the events with the Scarecrow and the havok he reaks on Gotham.
user1: Wow that's super interesting, thanks for sharing even though we're not allowed :) I'll have a hard time talking about the scarecrow/havoc not having seen the movie. I didn't get a document, either
user1: But I think scarecrow poisons the NYC water mains, right?
user2: That's where it shares Ra's al Ghul is in on the plan to use a drug the Scarecrow makes to create mass hysteria (so he is a bad guy, actually!)
user1: Ahhh gotcha. Yep, definitely bad lol
user2: Gotham is the city it takes place in, and yes he puts the drug in the water.
user2: It causes people to go crazy with fear
user2: A hallucinogen that makes people see scary stuff
user1: Interesting. I feel like mass paranoia is always the ploy of a Batman villain 
user1: Not necessarily violence, but psychological torture 
user2: That does kinda seem like a long standing theme, especially with the joker story....
user2: Yeah if you haven't seen Batman Begins, you definitely should.
user1: Oh I totally will. Love Cillian Murphy, love Katie Holmes. Great cast all around
user1: Looks like we filled the requirements, it was nice chatting with you
user2: Yup, they cast the perfect people for every role, I think. Couldn't have done any better.
user2: Did we? Awesome! Nice chatting with you as well. Have a great day!
user1: Thanks, have a great weekend!

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi did you have a chance to see Batman Begins?
user2: Yes, i saw it. It's fantastic. Have you seen it?
user1: I haven't yet! I'm not sure I want to see a move with Gary Oldman in it. 
user2: Oh? your not a fan? well, for a movie in the superhero genre its top notch. I'm surprised Rotten Tomatoes only gave it 84%
user1: Interesting. What makes it good for a superhero movie?
user2: The dark subject matter and exploring Batmans damaged psyche is fun. plus, Chistian Bale as Batman is superb. Michael Caine is also great as Alfred. 
user1: Oh I like Michael Caine. Movies with him comfortably mix drama with light hearted gags. And I'll bet Christian Bale as Batman is menacing I remember from American Psycho.
user2: Yes! all the Wit and Menace you remember from that movie you will find in Batman Begins!
user1: Well an 84 % score isn't so bad. Especially for a reboot.
user2: Yes, I found the scene where we learn of Bruce Wayne's fear of bats both amusing and insightful.
user2: He falls down a well as a child
user1: Oh right. This movie tells his origin story. That's a cool take.
user1: What comic book series was Batman part of?
user2: The continued retelling of his parents murder does start to feel a little stale, but it dosent hurt the movie 
user2: The DC Comics.
user2: Probably my favorite.
user1: Ya superhero movies make lots of allusions to the original series for fans.
user1: What's new about this story? After they retell the origin story?
user2: You get to see Bruce train with the Ra's Al Ghul, and eventually reject their ideology.
user2: Believing it to be corrupt and hypocritical.
user2: you see that bruce could have become evil himself.
user2: instead Bruce travels the world and confronts injustice.
user1: He combats injustice so well! That's cool that Ra's al Ghul is in this one. He is one of my favorite villians.
user1: Too bad he's out of the movie so early.
user2: Yep, Bruce burns dow the temple and he is killed by falling debris.
user2: The fear inducing hallucinogen used by scarecrow is fun to watch being used. 
user1: But that can't be the end! Who is the villain for the main part of the story?
user2: Oh, Scarecrow!
user1: Oh scarecrow is in it too!
user1: Who plays him?
user2: It is a really great take on the charachter.
user1: Awesome! I am going to take your rec and see the movie.

conversation:
user2: Ello!
user2: The movie is batman begins
user2: With christian bale
user1: olleH
user2: do you like him?
user1: he's okay, do you like him?
user2: yea hes a pretty good actor
user1: I have never seen that movie, have you?
user2: liam neison is in this movie as well
user2: do you like him?
user2: i have
user1: Yes, hes a very good actor
user1: Does the movie have a good ending?
user2: I believe so
user2: i dont want to spoil it
user2: katie holmes is in it as well
user2: The ratings are really goos
user1: Ok, thank you! 
user2: rotten tomoatoes is 7.7
user1: I will make sure to see it!
user2: No prob!
user2: OH morgan freeman too!
user1: Wow, good rating!
user2: cinemascore rated it an A
user1: Morgan freeman movies are the best!
user2: i agree!
user2: i wish he would never age and stay that same age forever
user1: I agree!
user1: Did you see the movie at the theater?
user2: no
user1: Is it a long movie?
user2: i dont think so
user2: it was made in 2005 i can tell you that much
user2: also batman is scared of bats
user1: I wonder if I can find the movie on Netflix
user2: you can i believe
user2: ive seen it on there
user1: I never knew that he was scared of bats, lol
user2: its a great film
user2: lol yea its one of the opening scenes
user2: he is so scred fo them
user1: Awesome, I'm going to watch it tonight then. :)
user2: Hell yea thanks for making me feel good:) you will not be disappointed!
user1: Do you like batman more than Spider-Man?
user2: Yes
user2: batman could happen sideyboy could not
user2: spideyboy*
user1: IMe too!
user2: lol
user1: I agree!
user2: Can you rate the genre of superhero movies?
user2: 1-10
user1: I like batmans suit better, lol
user2: uh oh i think we are done. i had fun chatting, have a great day! 
user2: love you 
user2: ;p
user1: you too!

conversation:
user1: hey there
user2: Hey, have you seen Batman Begins?
user1: Yes I have
user1: it was a great movie
user2: Its my favorite batman movie so far
user2: I agree
user1: what did you think of the tone of it compared to the other Nolan Batman?
user2: I think it was closer to the 3rd one, the 2nd one, the dark knight is just another animal
user2: they are all good though in different ways
user1: i agree, it led a different tone compared to the comical ones before it
user2: Yes, it was needed to reboot the character in a better way
user1: definitely
user2: What did you like about this movie
user1: i liked how it showed where he came from, how frail he really was and how emotionally troubled his past made him
user2: yeah, they did a really good job with the origin
user2: I liked that a lot
user1: they told the story well and let you really latch on to him
user2: Yeah, it was a great story as well
user2: it had great actors too
user1: absolutely 
user1: i felt it was a sleeper hit
user2: and it was a nice surprise when it came to the villain in the end
user2: yes it was, it was a word of mouth hit that kept on building
user1: yes definitely, and it carried to the next movies
user2: yeah it was really good
user2: and was worth it
user1: i guess the previous movies built a batman type of fatigue
user2: Yes, they were too corny
user1: terribly done
user2: I remember unfortunately
user1: val kilmer haha
user2: yeah, and george clooney
user2: both bad
user1: i'm glad it was rebooted, but not sure how i feel about the newest one
user1: thanks for the chat!

conversation:
user2: How do you feel about super hero movies?
user1: Good. I dont have a lot of time to watch them, but I like the ones I see.
user2: Would you say you prefer more upbeat ones or the complex types that have a lot of drama?
user1: I honestly like upbeat

conversation:
user1: Hello! Do you want to discuss the movie Batman Begins?
user2: Yes.  It is one of my favorites!  I love the fact that it was Christian Bale as Batman Morgan Freeman in there as well!
user2: It has not was* Opps. 
user1: Christian Bale was very good! I also really liked Liam Neelson as Ra's al Ghul
user2: It was a really great movie.  Gary oldman did excellent as well despite what the citrics said.
user1: Overall the critics liked the move though because it has an 84% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a CinemaScore of A.
user2: Rotten Tomato's is a hard one to score high on too!
user2: It's a great thing the movie did so will and was able to mix comic-book with live action.
user1: That's what I like about it too. It was a superhero movie but it still felt like real people were in it. Do you normally watch a lot of superhero movies?
user2: Honestly I don't really care much for them other than the Batman and Superman movies.  What about you?
user1: Same here honestly but I really enjoyed this movie. It was dark and moody and it really explored Batman's damaged psyche.
user1: I also liked Katie Holmes in her role as Rachel Dawes
user1: Are you still there?
user1: The movie goes into the childhood trauma that Bruce Wayne suffered 

conversation:
user1: Good morning.
user2: Good morning. What movie will we be discussing?
user1: We're talking about Batman Begins. Have you seen it?
user1: It's the one with Christian Bale as Batman.
user2: Nah never heard of it. I've seen 50 shades of batman.
user2: Is it good?
user1: Haha I should check that one out too.
user1: Yeah it was good. One of the better Batman flicks.
user1: I can't believe it is from 2005. So long ago.
user2: (ʘᗩʘ')
user2: it is a long time ago
user1: It got a 84 from Rotten Tomatoes
user2: It's like more than a year
user2: wow
user2: thats decent
user2: decently bad
user1: It shows how he became Batman
user2: (ノಠ益ಠ)ノ彡┻━┻
user1: He fell into a well and got attacked by Bats
user2: I'm batman
user1: Then he saw a play where there were characters dressed as bats.
user1: After the play his parents got killed.
user2: Dang savage
user1: Yup.
user1: Katie Holmes is in this one too.
user2: Hmmm I knew a katie once
user2: She was cool
user1: Christopher Nolan directed this one. He's a good director.
user2: Does this movie have an actress named stacy?
user2: because I heard stacy's mom has it going on
user1: Lol don't quit your day job.
user1: Katie Holmes plays Rachel.
user1: Of course Batman saves her at the end and all is good.
user2: Rachel!
user2: RACHEL
user2: I have heard of rachel
user1: Michael Caine plays Alfred.
user2: Is katie a good actress?
user1: And Gary Oldman is in it too. Ok we're good. Have a great day!
user2: [̲̅$̲̅(̲̅5̲̅)̲̅$̲̅]

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hello
user1: Did you get a document about a movie?
user2: Yes, I got the Document on Batman Begins.
user1: Great! I am supposed to determine if I should watch it?
user1: Can you tell me about it?
user2: yea, This thing is weird so to make it easy. If you haven't you should because other than the fact if you like DC you'll watch it either way but still, it's a good movie. It tells the back story of Bruce Wayne's side and journey from when his parents died to him becoming batman and his motives behind the creation of the Cape Crusader. It really lets you dive in to the psychological side of what Bruce believed and how he saw life after he lost his parents while at the same side trying not only to help gotham become the city he once thought it was but to also avenge and rebuilt the Wayne name in his parents vision for them to make Gotham City a better place. It also lets you see the light and dark side behind his mind and the villians who try to teach him even the best people can have the darkest intentions
user1: That sounds good. Is it a good action movie?
user2: It is, plenty of action but not too much like a transformers movie. A good mix of action and story so you're not completely thrown off
user1: Who are the main villains in the movie?
user2: there are several villains but they are mostly appearances of some well known villians but for the movie the MAIN villis is Ra
user2: Ra's al Ghul played by Liam Neeson
user1: Is there any romance in the movie?
user2: There is a hint of romance Between Bruce Wayne (Christian Bale) and his childhood friend (forgot the name but shes played by Katie Holmes). Though their relationship isn't so much romance at is a very close bond that has the potential for romance
user1: Ok. Would you still recommend the movie to someone who doesn't like action movies genre's?
user2: I would because even if you don't like action, the storyline is good and you get to see through bruce's point of view how he became batman. So if action isn't for you, the story is interesting to follow
user1: Thats good. I think I will watch it. Is the joker in batman begins?
user2: no BUT the ending does hint at hims coming in the second movie, The Dark Knight
user2: and YOU WILL LOVE HIM
user1: That sounds awesome. Is robin in the i
user1: in the movie?
user2: no, unfortunately no movie since George Clooney was batman has introduced robin yet
user1: What is the best part of the movie?
user2: in my opinion the best part is when bruce is training in the mountains, especially in a scene where he is being taught to use fear as part of his technique rather than let it hold him back
user1: ok cool. any other recommendations for watching the movie?
user1: Like the actors?
user2: depends if you like Christian Bale, Katie Holmes, Liam Neeson Michael Caine or Gay Oldman
user2: all great actors
user2: and if you've ever seen Christian Bale in American Psycho then i really suggest it because the way he portrays himself in that movie to the people he must interact vs. the way his mind really functions is almost similar to Batman from the way he must play the part of the suave and well mannered businessman during the day and to the eye of the public but then to shift almost into an entirely different person when he becomes batman who is both vengeful and yet righteous
user2: it's fascinating
user1: that does sound fascinating
user1: It is always better when you have great actors
user1: Is there a strong female actor? Or is the focus on batman?
user2: yep, in my personal opinion, the best actors are Liam Neeson, Micheal Caine, and Gary Oldman, i'm such huge fans of their work. Especially Gary Oldman when he plays Dracula in the 1992 Bram Stoker's Dracula which also has Keanu Reeves and Winona Ryder
user2: The movie is more focused on batmanb
user2: ut there are a few moments where Katie holmes proves her strong side in her determination to bring down criminals the legal way
user1: Thats great
user1: Is there any comments about the movie you would like to share?
user2: none that i can think of, i think i'm satisfied in the points i've made
user1: Thank you. I think we have met the task requirement with our discussion .
user2: same here
user2: have a nice day~!
user1: You too

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: hey!
user2: let's talk batman
user1: alright, which one are we talking about?
user1: I'm interesting in watching a Batman movie
user2: have you ever seen a batman movie?
user1: I've seen a couple, but not all of them
user1: which one do you want to talk about?
user2: ok we will talk about batman begins
user1: Awesome, I haven't seen that one
user1: when was it made?
user2: it was back in 2005
user1: oh okay, that's not too old. does it still star Michael Keaton?
user1: I liked him in the old one
user2: no this time it was christian bale
user1: Interesting, he's a really good actor. Who directed it?
user2: christopher nolan
user1: what's the general gist of the story? is it the Joker again?
user2: no this time if i remember it was scraw crow
user1: that dastardly Joker probably with some new scheme
user2: and a guy name ra's al ghul
user1: weird, haven't heard of them. what's the story about?
user2: mostly about them trying to spread a drug around gotham
user1: sounds scary. I think I'll check it out! any other tidbits you can tell me about Batman Begins?
user2: but it starts out by telling bruces childhood
user1: I need all the info I can get
user1: I'm very choosy
user2: he fell into a well and was scared by bats
user1: I thought maybe he ate a bat and that's why he turned into Batman
user2: and that left a effect on his mind
user1: Can he fly on his own and does he hang upsidedown
user2: no he is more like a human who has cool gagets
user2: i hope you check it out 
user1: Awesome! well, I'll think about it. thanks for the info!

conversation:
user2: Hello?
user2: Helloooooooo?
user1: Hi
user2: there you are
user1: Sorry I was picking up my daughter.  Anyway!  The movie is Batman Begins
user2: Heh.  That's like 531 of the Batman series?
user1: What's 531?
user2: It was a joke.  There have been so many Batman films
user2: Did the synopsis say who was in it
user1: Christian Bale played Batman
user2: who was the bad guy?
user1: Ra's al Ghul, who was played by Liam Neeson
user2: I've never heard of that one.
user2: Did the synopsis mention anything interesting about the plot?
user1: It speaks of how Bruce Wayne fell into a well and that experience started his journey to becoming Batman
user2: I thought he became Batman because someone killed his parents?
user2: was there anyone else famous in the movie?
user1: Well his parents were murdered because they went to a play and there were bats in it, and since he was scared of bats due to the well incident, he asked his parents to leave and then they were murdered in the alley outside of the play.
user1: Katie Holmes, Gary Oldman, and Michael Caine were also in the movie.
user2: that makes sense
user2: did it mention who Gary Oldman played?
user1: Yes, Gary Oldman played James Gordon.
user2: He's the cop, right?
user1: Oh Morgan Freeman is also in the movie
user1: Yes, he plays James Gordon, the cop who helps batman.
user1: Cillian Murphy also plays the bad guy Scarecrow, the main antagonist.
user2: Cillian Murphy is pretty cool.  I like him in that Irish TV show he does...Peaky Binders
user1: I liked him in that movie Red Eye
user2: Don't think I saw that one
user2: So, based on the synopsis...would you want to watch the movie?
user1: For sure.  It sounds really interesting.  Scarecrow seems like an interesting villain.  He uses a fear gas to drive people insane.
user2: Neat
user2: I think we've fulfilled the requirements for the survey.
user1: Not yet
user1: Now we have.  OH and the movie got an A rating on cinemascore
user2: what else do we need to do?
user2: cool
user1: You have to wait for the little "finish" button to be clickable
user1: bye!

conversation:
user2: Hello, how are you?
user1: Good, how are you?
user2: I'm great thanks. So, what did you think of Batman Begins?
user1: Definitely one of my favorite story lines for the Batman series, though I wasn't (and am not) a big Christian Bale fan.
user1: What do you think?
user2: I thought it was really good too. It had a much darker tone than most superhero movies. I totally forgot Liam Neeson was even in it.
user2: And I think this is the last time I even saw Katie Holmes in something.
user1: Haha, yeah.  I always knew he was a big name through the years but he never had a big spotlight.
user1: Yeah you might be right about her.  Tom Cruise kind of ruined her career.
user2: Yea, I like his movies. Well until he started doing Taken over and over again. But I like all his other movies.
user2: haha he sure did, didn't he?
user2: I'm kind of surprised this wasn't rated higher on rotten tomatoes.
user1: Michael Caine is one of my favorite actors though.  Ever see Now You See Me?  He was great in that
user2: Marvel movies get such high scores
user1: Meh, I don't give them much credit anymore
user2: Yea I did see that, that was great. I didn't realize that was the same guy though. 
user2: I liked that movie.
user2: Was Bane in this movie?
user2: Tom Hardy I think his name is?
user1: No, Bane didn't come around until the film from 2016 -- I think
user2: Oh ok, gotcha.
user1: I know that one well because it was filmed in Pittsburgh, PA and I live close to there
user2: Oh, that's pretty neat. I never get to see my city in anything.
user2: Actually there was a sci fi tv show called fringe that was filmed here
user2: but I never recognized anything
user1: Yeah, I try to find movies that were filmed there because it's cool to see familiar scenes
user2: Oh yea, Morgan Freeman was in this. I love that dude. He did great.
user1: I think I saw every movie he was in from like 99-2009, haha
user2: There's been so many batmans now
user2: haha thats awesome. He's been in so many
user1: Yet again -- fences was a Morgan freeman flick and it was filmed in Pittsburgh,lol
user2: lol wow that must be a really beautiful city
user1: Yeah -- I personally think all the superhero movies are getting out of hand, but they're entertaining 
user1: It's a good set for movies, because it's made up of 90 individual neighborhoods that all go by their own name.  So every few blocks is like a new town.
user2: Oh absolutely. It's like movies are only made for children now.
user2: Ah I see. That must be fun to get to see stuff you know on the screen like that with movie stars. But yea, from all these superhero movies, to robots and whatever else, It's taking a toll.
user2: and now people are trying to find ways to politicize them and what not. It's ridiculous.
user1: Yeah.  I was good with the first Transformers being all there was.  Then they kept making more...
user2: hahah right?
user2: and they swap out characters like the story doesn't even matter. Because it doesn't really.
user2: But I feel like Batman Begins and the one after it had a decent story line. I felt like it was an actual movie. Not just eye candy.
user1: Sadly that's true anymore
user1: Movies are better when you read the books first, it's like you're on the inside, haha
user1: Well, I think our 20 minutes are up.  Want to wrap this thing up and make the big bucks?
user2: lol oh wow that was quick. Yea for sure. It's been a pleasure
user2: Hope to talk to you again soon
user1: Yeah, it was actually fun.  Have a good one!

conversation:
user2: HI
user1: hi do you like batman begins?
user2: I think so..
user2: I get all the different ones confused.
user1: it is the one with christian bale as batman
user2: okay so that series, but still a bunch with him..
user2: who is the director again?
user1: yea it was from 2005
user1: christopher nolan
user2: That is a long time ago now.
user1: yea  a life time ago
user2: kinda nuts to think that, ah yes christopher nolan , he is good.
user1: very much it got 84% on rotten tomatoes 
user2: Not too shabby.
user1: it was the one that start with bruce falling in to the well and beginning attacked by bats
user1: i thought it was a great way to start the new series of batman back then
user2: I think that is like a flashback in others too but maybe I am mixed up.
user2: okay the first one..
user2: yes I agree
user2: who was the villian in this one? I know it is not the catwoman one.
user1: i had forgotten that Katie holmes was in the movie  but no cat woman
user2: I liked her in this series, wish she had not left.
user2: she plays the neighbor right?
user2: what was her name?
user1: he name was rachel  but i think she was the ADA attorney
user1: i don't remember if she lived next door 
user2: I thought she was also a neighbor but maybe juts had been a childhood friend
user2: fair enough
user2: who played alfred?
user1: yea i think you are right she was a childhood friend 
user1: Michael caine played him
user2: at least i got that straight, lol
user2: He is such a great actor.
user1: lol
user1:  yes he is wonderful
user2: Was this also the one with morgan freeman?
user1: yes it is.
user2: he is in everything!
user1: i agree!!!
user1: this was the one with scarecrow to0
user2: oh he was creepy.
user1: oh i think we answered everything you have a wonderful day :D
user2: well you are quick to rush off, but okay...

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello
user1: The movie I have is Batman Begins
user2: What's the movie called?
user1: Have you watched it?
user1: Hello?

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hello. Are you familiar with Superhero?
user2: Yes, with both Marvel and DC.
user1: Sorry I meant the movie named Batman Begins
user2: Yes, I've seen the whole trilogy.  This was the best one, in my opinion.
user1: I don't remember if I saw it. It's a 2006 movie.
user1: Christian Bale is a good actor
user2: 2005, yes.   It relaunched the Batman movies after the mess that was Batman and Robin in '97.
user2: I agree, he's the main reason this worked so well.
user1: Looking at the reviews, rotten tomatoes gives it 84% 7.7/10
user1: Do you like other types of movies too?
user2: I think that's low!  The second one got more interest because of Heath Ledger's death, but this one set the bar really high.
user2: Yes, although I'm big on Sci-Fi, I like comedies even more.
user2: What do you like to watch?
user1: Oh yea, I forgot about Heath Ledger. Sad. 
user1: I like good quality thrillers, drama 
user2: What type?  Would the Bourne movies be something you'd watch?
user1: I've watched some of them. Yes. I think I did see this movie. I remember the cast in this one.  shows Michael Caine, Liam Neeson  Katie Holmes
user2: Yes, that's the one.  
user2: The main villain is Ra's Al Ghul, who I think is Batman's best villain.
user1: I remember the old Batman and Robin on television. Funny to think back on it. 
user2: Oh, my.  Yeah, those were interesting.  Did you ever see the old movie with the TV actors?  From 1966!
user1: Yes, and the music still makes me laugh.
user2: Got to admit, that version of Bat car was awesome!
user1: Like the old King Kong versus newer movies. What a difference.
user2: That's a good analogy.  
user2: I remember the old claymation technique on the original King Kong.  To a young child, it was amazing.
user1: I'll bet it was! Ever heard of director Christopher Nolan? He's the one from this Batman movie.
user2: Yes, among other things.  He's built quite a name for himself in Hollywood.
user1: I'm not familiar with the name. 
user2: Look in imdb.com, He directed Memento and Inception as well.
user1: Yea, I will. Since this movie was made in 2005, it's considered old by now, wouldn't think? 
user2: Probably.  Also, especially since it's the first of a trilogy and now Ben Affleck has taken over in several movies.  People nowadays think of him before Bale.
user1: I think of Bale from that fighting movie. Affleck I always think of Matt Damon.
user2: Yes, Damon and Affleck will always be associated with each other.  Not a bad thing, I guess.
user1: They've both made some good movies. I can't think of anything else about Batman Begins, 
user2: I remember the fight scenes, and how Liam Neeson's character used a decoy to keep his identity hidden.

conversation:
user1: hi
user1: i will talk whit you about this film
user1: tell me the name of movie
user2: Hey! The name of the movie is Batman Begins
user1: Oh ok, hey, it's fantastic. Is it a new movie? Talk to me about her I will be reading about it.
user2: It is a super hero movie featuring the classic character batman. It was made in 2005, so it's not super new, but it has really high ratings!
user1: Oh, I understand. It's a classic, and it's from England. How is this movie compared to other batman films?
user2: I don't think it's from England, but it has a lot of great actors including Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Liam Neeson, Katie Holmes, and Gary Oldman!
user2: I'm not sure how it compares to the other batman movies, but Christian Bale portrays the character of Batman with incredible menace and wit!
user1: reading about the story the origin of the main character, is about the initial fear of bats
user2: This film reboots the Batman series, telling the origin of the character Bruce Wayne and his journey to becoming Batman
user1: oh ok so begins your story telling your origins. Ah should be easy to understand and perhaps somewhat predictable.
user1: you're in the chat?

conversation:
user1: Hey, did you see Batman Begins, the 2005 superhero film about Batman?
user2: I did, it was intense.
user1: Yes, right? It had a Rotten Tomatoes score of 84%, can you believe that?
user2: i Thought that score seemed low since it really tried to explain how brucecwayne turned into Batman.
user2: Did you feel that score was accurate?
user1: I know, but the CinemaScore was an "A" so there's that. You know, thinking about it, I just remembered Rutger Hauer was in it, wow, he's in everything. You are right, it was the difinitive origin story!
user2: It really changed how I felt about Batman, it use to feel more cheerful to me. Now I feel sad for him.
user1: In a way, "Batman Begins" was sort of the beginning of the whole superhero serious genre. Oh yeah, Batman will forever be all sad for me too.
user2: You are right it really changed the tone of the movies from feel good to intense character studies.
user1: You know the part that I still remember was The Scarecrow, that scene was scary! That was played by Cillian Murphy, amazing.
user2: All the bat references were interesting too. And the vivid portrayal of his parents death was tough to watch.
user1: Thing is, I saw Christian Bale in American Psycho where he showed how menacing he could be, Batman was just perfect for him I think. I cant even remember anyone else ever playing Batman, that is how awesome he was!
user2: True, and I totally forgot Katie Holmes was in it because it all seems focused on bale.
user1: I KNOW! Sheesh, the cast of this film was AMAZING! Michael Caine, Liam Nelson, even Gary Oldman! They just stuffed it full of talent
user2: It really was but I don’t remember the lighthearted gags, more the darkness of the film.
user1: You know, I dont either, I just dont remember very much fun or silly in the movie. It was Very Serious Grimdark Business!
user2: It really was and hard to believe 13 years ago already. 
user1: Remember that scene where he more or less fell into the bat cave and alll those bats came swarming out? That was creepy!
user2: Yes I didn’t realize he had a fear of bats.
user1: Right? I mean The Batman is one twisted dude. Thank goodness he had Alfred to keep him in line. I dont think I could live in Gotham, you know?
user2: I guess I never really thought about how he became a bat themed hero, but I also am not sure how Alfred keeps showing up to help.
user1: Alfred is the energizer bunny of Wayne Manor lol. It was a great movie though.
user1: If you think about it, it kind of has an "anti-drug" message since the Scarecrow was drugging all of Gotham's drinking water with his fear potion. Drugs are bad m'kay!
user2: It really was and changed my respect for a man in a costume.
user1: Why do super villains have such weird plans though? Make the city crazy with fear does not sound like a very sound idea.
user1: Do you watch superhero movies a lot?

conversation:
user1: Hi, what's up?
user2: Hi,
user1: Have you ever seen Batman Begins? A lot of people didn't like Bale as Batman, but I thought he was really good.
user2: Yes. I have seen batman.
user1: Wasn't it a great movie? I think honestly that was the best of the trilogy. Even though we've seen how he became Batman before, it was still a great movie.
user1: Plus it had Liam Neeson acting menacing, and he's really good at that. Katie Holmes I could have done without.
user2: Yes. But I only see the first one.
user1: Well, you saw the right one. lol
user2: 12 years ago?
user1: Yeah 13, now. It came out in 2005. That's hard to believe. Seems more recent.
user2: I cannot remember the plot. Only remember a little.
user1: It starts with him as a kid, explores how he was afraid of bats, and then shows his parent's murder. 
user1: It really focused more on how Bruce could be a real person driven to be a superhero. 
user2: Ok.
user2: Are we going to talk about only this one?
user1: As far as I know yes, unless you have a movie you want to discuss.
user2: Ok.  The movie is nice. It is thrilling.
user1: It was, and Bale really pulled off playing both Wayne and Batman as two distinct personalities and was believable as both.
user2: Yes. still remember that he put on the batman outfit and jumped.
user1: You really feel his frustration against the corruption of Gotham when he wants to take out Joe Chill after the trial, but Falcone's men take him out instead.
user2: I did not remember, but you can tell more. 
user1: It was at the beginning, he wants to kill his parent's murderer, but the crime boss' men take him out first. Then he leaves Gotham to go train with Liam Neeson and the League of Shadows off in Tibet or wheerever.
user1: Then he learns they want to destroy Gotham because it's too far gone and he burns down the place, but saves Neeson as Ra's al Ghul dies in the fire.
user2: Ok. Need to see the movie again. 
user1: Haha, there's a lot of details you can miss.
user2: Ok. 
user1: It's after that he comes back to Gotham and becomes Batman.
user1: Where Scarecrow first surfaces and uses his fear gas on him
user1: Then you find out the League of Shadows was using Scarecrow to gas Gotham into oblivion and watch the city tear itself apart.
user2: Ok. 
user1: And that Liam Neeson was really Ra's Al Ghul, not the guy you see in the training building.
user2: It is a nice movie. 
user1: It is, pretty high-rated across the board.
user2: Try to see it once more time.
user1: Do you own the movie?
user2: No. 
user1: I have the entire series. Watched them with my kids last year.
user2: Good.
user1: They didn't give you any movies to discuss as well?
user2: No. 

conversation:
user1: Hi! So what do you make of Christian Bale's performance? 
user2: what is the movie name?
user1: Oh, you weren't provided that even? Apologies. Batman Begins. 
user2: I have heard its a great movie. I have yet to see it. I am very interested though.
user2: What do you rate the movie?
user1: Nothing is perfect, you know, but it is a pretty good interpretation of the character's mythos. If we're talking the standard four-star film rating, maybe two and a half to three?
user1: Keeping in mind that two stars is just a pretty good, entertaining movie and four stars is some kind of a masterpiece.
user2: That is a good rating! Do you know how long the film is?
user1: It's a long one. It was made in the wake of Lord of the Rings, you know, when all the major studios started to think, hey, we can sprawl and people will still come to see our films! I don't know exactly, but I'm going to say around three hours.
user2: Wow. That is a lot of content. I am sure it is worth watching. I think I will watch it.
user2: Have a great day. Goodbye.
user1: I mean, it's not exactly high art but it's a worthwhile version of the Batman story, for what that's worth. It tries to explore the psyche of the characters and their social backgrounds...
user1: Oh. Is that it, then?
user2: I dont know I am not quite sure how to leave the conversation LOL
user1: Hah! Yeah, it's a weird interface. I think it's asking for about 15 responses from each of us before it gives an option to organically wrap things up.
user2: Oh my bad.
user2: Well I do like christan bale. His other movies are really good. What is your favorite scene in Batman Begins?
user1: I'm just, you know, taking rough beats off of these pages I'm being shown. That's the thing about the Nolan Batman movies. They're really good in most respects, and in other movies Bale does an excellent job, but his performance here is so odd.
user2: I am very interested in seeing the movie. Is there anything you hated about the movie?
user1: My favorite scenes all probably involve the story's villain the Sandman. He's portrayed as a fairly normal guy who just puts a burlap sack over his head and lets loose some psychotropic gas, which leads to some scenes that are equal parts distressing and hilarious.
user2: Sandman put you to sleep! Does bruce wayne's cave get cooler?
user1: Well, there are two major things. One of which only becomes clear in hindsight and with reflection.Batman is a very reactionary storyline. It's about a rich guy who decides to take out his anxieties by taking the law into his own hands beating up criminals. Which is... very close to a troublesome narrative, but whatever. And in Bale's vision, this reactionary thread gets even stronger. It's a very right-wing film series, which doesn't much thrill me.
user2: Does the movie have the original batman theme song?
user1: The other thing is Bale's performance, which I keep hinting at. He plays Bruce Wayne as a fairly generic, blank figure -- not unlike American Psycho. You can tell there's something a little bit wrong under the surface, but his social mask is just... Mr. Bland Rich. As Batman, though, he lowers his voice and grumbles so much that you can't make out a word he's saying. It plays almost like he's sending it up.
user2: Do you think Christan Bale will ever do stuff on youtube with Ice Poseidon?
user1: I don't actually recall much about the Bat-Cave, or the set design, except for Gotham at large -- which is very cool, in how it's portrayed.
user1: And, no. No NA NA NA NA NA NA NAs here. heh.
user2: dang no theme music :'(
user1: This is following the increasingly grim-dark approach to Batman that you first get with,like, Frank Miller in the early 1980s. 
user1: Hey, I think we can wrap this up now!
user2: Frank Miller made a good batman.
user2: oh ok thanks. was fun.
user1: Thanks for the conversation. See ya!
user2: bye

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: hello
user1: What was the film you read about's title?
user2: batman begins
user2: you like it?
user2: directed by chris nolan
user2: 2005
user2: it's good
user2: better than many of the previus Batman movies
user2: hello?
user1: is it dark knight
user1: \
user1: or dark knight rises
user2: Batman Begins
user2: It tells the origin story of Batman
user1: the best batman as of recent times
user2: yeah
user2: it's pretty good
user2: Christian Bale is good
user2: Liam Neeson too
user1: i forgot liam neeson played the dude form the league of shadows and gary oldman as the old police officer
user2: yeah
user2: gary oldman as James Gordon
user2: he's good too
user2: Katie Holmes is in it too
user1: ben affleck is a terrible batman
user2: She was kinda lame haha
user2: Haha ya affleck 
user2: what a hack
user2: Christian Bale is definitely a better actor
user2: "exploring Batman's damaged psyche" said one reviewer
user1: christian bale has such a wide range of acting abilities it is amazing
user2: yeah
user2: he's really good as batman
user1: batman begins is a btter superhero series then the new spiderman 
user2: "both the menace and the wit"
user2: he can be funny and menacing too
user1: yea the cast they chose for the whole batman series was amazing bale, oldman, neeson and heath ledger as the joker
user2: Michael Caine plays the butler
user2: Alfred
user2: Neeson is good in turning from mentor to villain
user2: yo
user2: hi hi
user2: Heath Ledger is not in this one
user2: But Rutger Hauer is
user1: hold up let me look up rutger hauer
user1: oh the dude with the white hair
user1: damn i almost forgot that his butler is michael cain and the dude that helps him with the gadgets is morgan freeman the movie had a spectacular cast
user2: YEAH
user2: spectacular
user2: time is running out for me, let's hurry this chat
user2: we need a few more exchanges
user1: okay 
user1: i think batman begins was definitely the best superhero movie of 2005
user2: it has a good story doesn't it
user2: yes
user2: one of the best

conversation:
user2: Hello.
user1: hi
user2: Seen any good movies?
user1: Have you ever seen Batman Begins?
user2: Did Nolan direct that one?
user1: Yep! It's got a Rotten Tomatoes score of 84%
user2: cool
user1: Christian Bale stars in it
user1: I think they made it back in 2005
user2: I like Nolan.
user2: Weren't there other Batmans after that?
user1: You should definitely watch it. There's a lot of hype about exploring Batman's damaged psyche
user2: cool
user1: I think so
user2: sounds deep
user1: I think this one reboots the Batman film series
user2: I like an action movie that's deep
user2: oh okay
user1: Yeah it's pretty deep
user2: I bet it's dark too
user1: i guess as a child Bruce Wayne fell down into a dry well and gets attacked by bats
user2: some of the other BAtmans were selly
user1: Yea the critics say that Christian Bale brings the same feel from American Psycho
user2: Didn't his parents get killed?
user2: I forgot he was in that
user1: yea they got murdered in front of him
user2: Who else is in it?
user1: he was raised by his butler alfred
user1: it's got michael caine as the butler
user2: cool
user1: and gary oldman but im not sure who that is
user1: and Liam Neeson is in it

conversation:
user1: What is the name of the movie?
user2: BATMAN bEGINS
user1: Can you tell me the plot?
user2: When his parents are killed, billionaire playboy Bruce Wayne relocates to Asia where he is mentored by Henri Ducard and Ra's Al Ghul in how to fight evil. When learning about the plan to wipe out evil in Gotham City by Ducard, Bruce prevents this plan from getting any further and heads back to his home. Back in his original surroundings, Bruce adopts the image of a bat to strike fear into the criminals and the corrupt as the icon known as 'Batman'. But it doesn't stay quiet for long.
user1: That sounds interesting! Who plays Batman?
user2: no
user2: do you seem the movie?
user1: No, I haven't. 
user1: Have you?
user1: Hello
user2: hell

conversation:
user2: hELLO
user1: Hi!
user1: Have you seen Batman Begins?
user1: I can't believe I haven't, what with all of these big names in the cast as well as Christopher Nolan as the director
user2: I think I've seen some scenes but not the entire movie. Quite surprised on Rotten Tomatoes it received an 84%
user1: It's hard to do both a comic-book movie and a real life drama at the same time
user2: Is Batman Begins the only series?
user2: Agree
user1: The first of the new reboot series
user1: I'm not familiar with Ra al Ghul or Scarecrow
user2: Awesome to have Christian Bale and Liam Neeson playing in one movie.
user1: I must have seen a couple of scenes in passing, because I do remember Bruce Wayne being terrified in a cave with bats
user2: Bruce was attacked by bats? I didn't know that.
user1: His fear of bats also lead them into the alleyway where his parents were killed, so I can see how he'd feel guilty about being afraid of them
user2: Oh he fell into a dry well
user2: Are you referring to Bruce as a child?
user2: Said Joe Chill murdered his parents.
user1: Yes, but only because they were outside at a bad time because Bruce (as a kid) was scared of the "bats" in a show
user2: I'm quite surprised this movie received a score of A on CinemaScore.
user1: I can believe it. I like how you can actually relate to the arguments of the villians, like Gotham City being deserving of a purge
user2: Bruce seemed to be a troubled person. He traveled to know the truth of what's happening but in the end he ended up burning down the temple. 
user1: Hmmm... So Bruce's actual teachers turned out to be evil, or to have at least come to a very wrong conclusion so he had to end up being against them.
user2: His parents were murdered and he seemed to be lost not knowing who to trust. I think he even had a hard time trusting himselk.
user1: I'd like to see Liam Neeson as this Ducard/Ra'a al Chul
user2: I think Liam Neeson is a great actor and he knows how to act. 
user2: Rachel was rescued by Batman
user1: So, the movie's villians later in the film, like Dr. Crane, claim to be trained by the same people who trained Bruce. I wonder if it's true
user1: Woah, and Ducard, who Bruce saved from the temple burning, is the REAL Ra al Chul
user2: I think Dr. Crane is a crooked villain who only wants to cause harms but in this scene he meets Batman. I think scene 3 is the turning point of this movie. 
user1: Definitely. You start to question everything you thought you knew. 
user1: With Gordon being one of the "few" honest cops left in Gotham, it sure drive home how alone Batman must feel with all of these questions about who is actually any good
user2: Scene two says 14 years later so saying Bruce had grown up and I wonder who trained him to become Batman in scene 3. 
user1: I think that for those 14 years he was just stewing and being angsty. Then he got his training in Bhutan
user1: Then he killed who he thought was the leader, only to realize that it was the fake leader
user2: What is the Ra's al Ghul in scene 3 and why does it matter to Batman? Is it related to the murder of his parents and is Batman seeking for revenge?
user2: That's why he burned down the temple.
user1: Ra al Ghul was supposedly the one who taught him everything in Bhutan, whom he thought that he had killed in the fire
user1: But later we're now learning that the man he killed in the fire was just a stand-in for the real Ra a Ghul, so the real one (who wants to purge all of Gotham) is still out and about
user2: Ra al Ghul actually showed up to Batman's birthday how odd that was and is he the bad buy?

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: hello
user2: I'm told that you have a movie to tell me about.../
user2: ?
user1: Yes it is Batman Begins
user2: Batman Begins! Sounds good already! I am a fan of some of the Batman movies...
user1: Christian Bale plays batman and we both know he is a great actor
user2: What is the basic plot of this movie
user2: ? 
user2: Yes I do like Christian Bale
user1: It is about the origin of batman and how the death of his parents caused him to become batman
user2: That sounds interesting. So it is mostly a young batman?
user1: Yes. He has to stop Ra's al Ghul and the Scarecrow from causing chaos in Gotham. 
user2: But then he must be played mostly by an actor other than Christian Bale...? Who stars in the other roles?
user1: One of the first scenes is about when he was a child and falls down a well that has bats that attack him. 
user1: He develops a phobia of bats.
user2: Which actors play the main roles in the movie? Who is the director?
user1: Michael Cain play Alfred
user1: Liam Neeson is Ra's al Ghul
user1: Katie Holmes plays Rachel Dawes
user1: Gary Oldman play James Gordan
user1: It is directed by Christopher Nolan
user2: Hmmmm...mostly actors I'm not a big fan of....
user2: But Christopher Nolan is promising...
user2: Is there anything you can tell me about what the critics have said?
user1: Both the menace and the wit he showed in his brilliant turn in American Psycho
user2: That is a movie I haven't seen...
user2: But there is a new movie out starring Leonardo DiCaprio that sounds really good and got great reviews!
user1: A mix of both comic-book archetypes and real people
user2: In American Psycho?
user1: No just another critical response
user1: It got 84% on rotten tomatoes
user2: I see. 85
user2: 84% is pretty good I meant
user1: Yes and an A from CinemaScore
user2: Any bad reviews? What did they say?
user1: There was alot of hype about the exploring of Batmans damaged psyche
user2: The critics always seem to find something to say about the psychological condition of the characters in movies...
user2: But I'm sure at least in this movie it sounds like a big part!
user1: Very true
user2: It's been nice talking to you and thanks for the info!

conversation:
user1: Hello?
user2: Hi, How are you?
user1: I like superhero movies generally. They come with Pre-developed characters and relationships and are endlessly versatile.
user1: The movie has a large and impressive cast of actors.
user2: I also a huge fine of superhero movies especially batman
user1: Reboots often get a bad rap from critics and the press, but if handled skillfully can provide a chance to approach a familiar story from different angles, modernizing and changing elements and characters for a new audience or new perspective.
user2: how is bat man movie
user1: He review says the movie mixes dark and comedic/lighthearted elements. I like this kind of mixture. On one RP board I am part of, we call it”cutedark”. It’s very common in comics and the movies based on them. Not so common in other types of movies.
user1: Batman movie is good. Batman is a spectacular character
user2: What is your favorite scene in this movie
user1: I couldn’t say...we don’t get that information in the document.
user1: Liam Nelson plays henri Ducard/Ra’s Al Ghoul.
user2: can you tell me what information you got in the document
user1: Who plays Gordon?
user2: so we can make the question according to that
user1: A summary of the plot, a cast list of actors and characters, numerical ratings and critical reviews.
user2: we will make question from this summary
user2: who is the director of this movie
user1: Christopher Nolan.
user2: Wow!
user2: What is the plot of the movie
user2: Is there any Key Scenes
user1: Plot: It tells the tale of Bruce Wayne from the death of his parents to his journey to become Batman, defending Gotham from Scarecrow and Ra’s Al Ghul.
user2: wow so very nice
user2: Is there any key scene
user2: In which year movie was released ?
user1: As a child, Bruce Wayne falls down a well and I surrounded by a swarm of bats. He develops a phobia of the bats. While at the opera with his parents, Thomas and Martha Wayne, he becomes frightened of actors playing bats, and asks to leave. Outside, his parents are mugged and killed by the criminal shoe Chill. The orphaned Bruce is then raised by his butler Alfred.
user1: 2005
user1: 2005.
user2: Wow! this is an awesome sequence
user2: that's great! what is the rating for this movie
user1: Rotten Tomatoes gives it an 84% and an average of 7.7/10z
user2: That's great what about CinemaScore
user1: A
user2: It means children can watch this movie! do you know any other key scene
user2: you can copy paste
user2: Is there any other key scene
user1: Yes. Batman intercept a drug shipment which he uses to give Rachel and honest cop james Gordon evidence against Falcone. In prison, Falcone meets with Dr. Jonathan Crane, who has been complicit in smuggling drugs into Gotham City. Falcone threatens to reveal his involvement, but Crane puts on a Scarecrow mask and sprays has at Falcone that causes him to become incapacitated and mindlessly repeat the word ‘scarecrow’.
user2: Superb! What is Metacritic Score (Rating
user2: Metacritic Score: (You can find in Rating)
user1: 70/100
user2: Awesome! do you know any other key scene
user2: Is there any other key scene
user1: Yes. Batman intercept a drug shipment which he uses to give Rachel and honest cop james Gordon evidence against Falcone. In prison, Falcone meets with Dr. Jonathan Crane, who has been complicit in smuggling drugs into Gotham City. Falcone threatens to reveal his involvement, but Crane puts on a Scarecrow mask and sprays has at Falcone that causes him to become incapacitated and mindlessly repeat the word ‘Scarecrow’. During a fight with Crane/Scarecrow, Batman is exposed to the fear gas and begins to hallucinate. Lucius Fox creates an antidote. When Rachel accuses Crane, he sprays her with the poison, but Batman saves her with the antidote, and gives her some for Gordon and some for mass production. At his birthday, he discovers that Ducard aka Ra’s Al Ghul has put the fear toxin into the water supply and plans to use a microwave emitter to vaporize the water supply and spread fear toxin throughout Gotham, but Batman stops his plan and Ra’s Al Ghul dies when his train crashes.

conversation:
user1: I think Christian Bale did a great job as Batman in this movie.
user2: Christian Bale was the best Batman, his demeanor totally sold the character. 
user1: Oh, absolutely, he did an amazing job portraying Batman/Wayne's damaged psyche
user2: The cast of Batman Begins was really good.  Michael Caine as Alfred was a great choice also.  His British mannerism sold it on the whole comic scene. 
user1: Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman together in a Batman movie is really something special, too
user2: You do not see Katie Holmes as much but is a shining star in her role.  
user2: I like when they start from the beginning as give the back story and re-build the characters. 
user1: I think my favorite thing about the movie, other than the casting, is that it has Ra's al Ghul in it
user1: Scarecrow was pretty great, as well
user2: There always needs to be a good vilian.
user2: villian.
user1: I'm glad they focused so much on Bruce's bat phobia. The well scene was top-notch
user2: Liam Neeson almost looks like the Ra's al Ghul comic character.  He also has kind of a dark side.  
user2: The bat phobia totally goes with building the back story and character.
user1: Gary Oldman definitely looks like Gordon.
user2: The casting director surely worked on who they wanted. 
user1: Nolan's direction was just what the franchise needed
user1: The franchise got dark in a non-comical way, and it really showed the grittiness of crime when Wayne was in prison
user2: I liked the darkness of the movie.  It described the internal conflict of Bruce Wayne.  
user2: I loved the fight scene and the burning down of the temple in the beginning.  He totally went rogue. 
user2: I thought the ratings of the movie from rotten tomatoes was lower than it should be.  
user1: Metacritic was really off, if you ask me
user1: I'm not usually much for superhero films, but this was worthy of an A
user1: and yes, the League of Shadows was awesome
user2: Yes, of all the batman movies this was an "A" in my book too.
user1: I like that the villain starts of mundane with Falcone, then it gets really deep
user2: They certainly built their characters.
user1: it was pretty novel that the weapon for the villains was a microwave emitter
user2: It is crazy how they built duality of action to non action and fate when it comes to good and evil.  Either you confront it immediately or it will seek you out later in life.  Falcone totally did this and it was kind of like that in spider man.   
user1: oh yes. and it was wonderful the film focused on corruption of powerful individuals, like Dr. Crane
user2: Every super hero needs to show a small weakness and be saved by someone close to them to show how you can have some imperfections.  
user2: and or weaknesses.  
user1: Like how Rachel and Alfred both saved Bruce, from a mental and physical standpoint
user1: they didn't just use comic-book archetypes, they made the characters real people
user2: That is why this batman was kind of special and cheated on the ratings.
user2: CinemaScore got it right.
user1: one has to wonder if Ra's was right about Gotham being corrupt and beyond saving. it's a good way of thinking of the world's current situation
user2: It is a curious thought but I can not think that Bruce Wayne
user2: Wayne's thought of good no matter what.
user2: There is always something worth saving.  There is always hope and everyone is not bad and/or evil.
user1: he certainly came a long way from wanting to murder Joe Chill
user2: Optimism or maybe sympathy in how we see the world.
user1: and we need honest police like Gordon
user2: That is a fact.  Internal struggles that everyone faces.
user2: Isn't interesting how the most virtue'd person has to make a choice along the way like Gordan.
user1: honestly, I think that the movie is meant to mirror our world, just as the burning of Ra's home and Bruce's home mirror each other
user2: That is a great parallel.  
user2: I never thought of those two incidents that way.
user1: good nod to the corrupt psychiatric industry, too. Doctors spraying fear-inducing chemicals and experimenting on patients
user2: Over medicating the world as we live it now.  Kind of a dark look at our society in general.
user2: The finish conversation just appeared, it was nice chatting.

conversation:
user1: Have you ever seen Batman Begins?
user2: No. What is it about?
user1: Its the origins of Batman the Dark Knight. I hate it. Well, I shouldn't say I hate it but I feel the series is super overrated.
user2: Why do you say that?
user1: The movie is super long. LIke, it could easily be a two part movie. I can sleep and wake up and miss nothing lol.
user1: The actors/actresses do a great job...just holy smokes, lets get it going.
user2: Nice lol. What actors are in it?
user1: A lot of really good ones! Christian Bale is Batman, Katie Holmes is Rachel, Gary Oldman is the police Chief. Then you get Liam Neeson in there and Micheal Caine is Alfred. Super good line up
user1: A few other really good actors in it too. Umm....The guy from Any Given Sunday, the sports doctor is in it...he's Two Face.
user1: I'm happy they didn't make it into two parts because I feel that is Hollywood trying to get more cash, kinda how they did with the bow and arrow movies at the end....jlaw mockingbird...forget the name of it. Plus they did that with the last harry potters
user2: Wow. Sounds like a good cast. Who is the director? 
user1: The director is Christopher  Nolan
user1: Do you like super hero movies?
user2: I do. They are some of my favorite movies. I like anything Science Fiction and Fantasy. 
user1: I love them, mainly Marvel mostly but as far as DC movies go this Batman trilogy is better than the others out. Hard to believe this came out in 05!
user2: Ya. I like Marvel movies. The Avengers movies are great!
user1: You'll prolly enjoy this film. I think i would have if I knew that it was so bloody long
user2: Ya. I might need to look into that movie. 
user1: Oh man, the Avengers are so fantastic! It's great how they built those characters up to where it's like I care about what happens to them or whatever, fantastic job.
user2: Ya. I am looking forward to more movies that Marvel might come out with. 
user1: Another thing I didn't like much about Batman trilogy was how dark it was....I know that has something to do with his persona or whatever but man, have lunch in a well lit dining room or something
user2: I was going to say that I it sounds like a dark movie.
user2: Does the story drag on or stay on focus?
user1: Super dark.I feel it drags on n on. Without giving it away any, they introduce another bad guy like half way through the movie so it's like another storyline, kinda. I didn't feel it was neccesary at all to have 2 face in there, but what do I know haha
user2: What about the special effects? 
user2: Did they do good on the special effects?
user1: There are some really good scenes in the movie, and I forgot to mention the Shawshank Actor, Morgan Freeman is his buddy that hooks him up with gadgets, he's great. He works at the R&D of Wayne Enterprises. There are some super cool vehicles and weapons they use for Batman
user1: Not a whole lot in the ways of special effects, at least I don't think so, it was almost more of a drama movie than super duper action. They do some though that are pretty neat. 
user1: They go into some deep detail of how bruce wayne got skillz as a fighter/meditator. Liam neeeson actually trained him. pretty wild stuff. 
user1: I don't remember why bruce left there, dunno if liam was into some bad guy stuff or what....I think I fell asleep LOL
user2: That sounds awesome. Is the acting good then? 
user2: Did any of the actors do their own stunts?
user1: The acting is phenom, once I got over Batman's silly voice. The wardrobe is good and everyone loves some Katie Holmes lol
user2: Ya. What genre would you say this movie falls into then? 
user1: I dunno about the actors doing their own stunts. I would like to think Christian Bale would, he's really really involved in his work
user1: Definetly an action/drama superhero movie.
user2: Nice. Sounds like a really good movie then.
user1: It's a watcher for sure, just I don't give it hype like most places do. I'd give it a solid 6/10. I feel it was too dark and too long
user2: OK! Thank you for telling me about it. 

conversation:
user2: Hey!
user1: Hey!
user2: Any movie recommendation?
user1: You should watch the movie, Batman Begins. It's a great movie!
user2: Dude.
user2: I love that movie.
user2: The Nolan Trilogy is the shit!
user1: I really liked learning how Bruce Wayne became Batman. Didn't you?
user2: Yes, the way they tell the story in that movie was good.
user2: I mean I knew who Ras Al Ghul really was from the get go but I just went along with it haha.
user1: Yeah, me too. :)
user1: Christian Blake made a really good Batman tI hought. 
user1: thought.
user2: Who was the actor playing Alfred again?
user2: He is a good Bruce Wayne, a decent Batman.
user1: I believe that was Michael Caine
user2: But I love Christian Bale as an actor lol, I prefer Batfleck hahaha.
user2: Oh right right.
user2: Why do you think I should rewatch it again?
user1: You can always see more details and plot twists if you watch a movie again.
user2: Can't argue with that.
user2: I mean I have watched the trilogy more than 10 times actually already and I still feel like I am not getting tired of it.
user2: It is just a grounded movie if you know what I'm saying.
user2: Compared to other superhero movies.
user1: yead, i agree.
user2: It's like you get to know who Batman really is and how a superhero without any superpowers handles shit
user1: what would you rate it out of 10, with 10 being the best?
user2: 8 for Batman Begins.
user1: This movie got a rating of 7.7 out of 10.
user2: Its supposed to be 7 but the actress who played Rachel Dawes is prettier than the rest of the trilogy haha.
user2: What was her name again?
user2: That's about right.
user1: That was Katie Holmes
user2: Right, her.
user2: I heard that she didn't get the role on the sequel because Tom Cruise was jealous at the time, loser.
user2: ;)
user1: I don't quite get why League of Shadows wants to destroy cities.
user2: Because Gotham was too corrupt, thats why Liam Neeson wants to burn the city to the ground because it was unfixable to him.
user1: Just because some people are corrupt, doesn't mean everyone is. he would be destroying a lot of innocent people.
user2: He talked about great empires that the League destroyed, they don't care.
user2: Like what Batman said to Catwoman in the Dark Knight Rises. *They know, they just don't care* Batman voice.
user1: That's true. Sad that people can really be like that, not just in movies.
user2: Trump? Hahaha.
user2: Anyways thank you for a good conversation about a movie my friend!
user2: You have a good one okay?
user1: Ok, you too!

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: hello
user2: Did you see Batman Begins?
user1: Yes I did. Do you agree with the Rotten Tomatoes rating?
user2: Yes
user2: I think it is appropriate
user1: Yes, I liked all of the actors except for katie holmes
user2: Any particular scene?
user2: I mean any scene that you enjoyed?
user1: Yeah I like when they are training 
user1: I like the Ras al Ghul and Scarecrow villians
user2: Do you like movies in this genre?
user1: yes I like action movies
user1: did you like the key scene # 1?
user2: Yes, it was memorable
user1: I liked the scene where he discovers the well 
user2: Yes, that was interesting
user1: It is sad when Joe Chill murders his parents
user2: Do you generally watch movies with  good ratings?
user1: Yes, I try to watch movies with good ratings at the theatre
user1: What did you like about the key scene 2?
user2: The drama
user1: I like when Bruce rejects the league of shadows and rebels 
user2: That was very action-oriented. 
user2: He was  brave
user1: yeah it was suspensful
user1: what did you like about key scene 3?
user2: Christian Bale wa good
user2: in this movie
user1: I like the scarecrow and they asylum part
user2: Yes, a bit scary
user2: Liam Neeson also played well
user1: yes, he did a good job 

conversation:
user1: Hi, my name is Jill. How are you?
user2: I'm good! My name is Jade. Want to chat about Batman Begins?
user1: Nice to meet you Jade. Sure. What did you think of the movie?
user2: I just saw it. I thought it was great! I'd rate it as positively as the critics. Did you see it?
user1: I've seen it a few times. I'd probably rate it the same as the critics too. I loved the character Ra's al Ghul. 
user2: I liked Ra's as well. I thought Liam Neeson did a great job. What were your thoughts on the portrayal of Batman?
user1: I thought Christian Bale was really believable as Batman. He was tormented by his past which I thought came across as real. How about the Scarecrow- did you like him?
user2: Couldn't agree more. Much different than George Clooney and Val Kilmer. I really liked how they showed how the trauma of the death of his parents affected him.
user2: I did like the Scarecrow. Maybe not as much as Ra's :)
user1: I have to agree with you there. This movie was must darker than the previous movies. I thought the dialogue was far more meaningful too.
user1: I also agree that Ra's was great.. probably the best character of the whole film. Plus Liam Neeson is so handsome too, haha.
user1: What did you think of tom wilkinson's accent in the film? I thought it was kind of weird/forced..
user2: Yeah, no cheesy one-liners. I think between the focus on story and good dialogue, we had the start of some of best super hero movies of all time.
user2: The impact of the death of the parents was still something I think about. I know it's happened in a lot of other iterations, but there was something meaningful with how Nolan directed it. Thoughts?
user2: And yeah, I noticed Tom Wilkinson's accent :)
user1: I agree. In earlier films it seems like his parents' deaths are more linked to the fates of other characters than his (the joker, etc). This film really went in depth exploring how it effected Bruce Wayne's whole life, and how it led to the creation of Batman, etc.
user2: Yeah. I'd like to think I'm a pretty big Batman fan, but I always thought his parents were killed by the Joker, not Joe Chill.
user2: I also think Batman Begins was the first movie to really show bats as something terrifying, not punny. 
user1: Me too! I mean I believe they flat out said it was the Joker in the Michael Keaton Batman movie? Then again I haven't seen it in awhile. And I'm not really familiar with the comics. Have you seen all the Batman movies?
user1: You're right about the bats. The scene in the well really stays with you. Especially the dialogue.. 
user2: Yep, and they do flat out say it in Keaton movies haha.
user2: What were your thoughts on Rachel Dawes?
user1: She had the best line in the whole movie. "It's not who you are inside..." etc. haha. But aside from that one sentence, I thought she was a pretty lackluster character. Anyone could have played her really.
user2: No kidding
user1: well maybe not the best line in the WHOLE movie. I don't know why I said that. haha
user1: Did you like Gary Oldman's performance?
user2: I mean she did great with moving the plot along, but... you know... Katie Holmes...
user1: haha yes.. just a pretty placeholder, really.
user2: That one's easy! I never cared about Gordon before. He made me care. What didd you think?
user1: I think Gary Oldman could make any character suddenly interesting! I didn't think this was his greatest performance either, but he did bring this character to life.
user2: I just thought of something... the birthday scene
user2: I don't know if you remember, but Wayne's having his birthday party and the league of shadows shows up
user2: I thought the whole thing was hilarious with how he acted as Bruce Wayne...
user1: Oh yes.. the big scene where he offends all the partygoers to get them out of the house, haha
user1: It was pretty funny!
user2: The tension in the scene was great too though
user1: I totally agree with you!
user2: Overall, I thought the movie was excellent!

conversation:
user2: Hello.
user1: hello!!
user1: nice to meet you
user2: Have you seen Batman Begins?
user2: nice to meet you, too
user1: I have not
user1: have you seen it?
user2: It's great
user2: Directed by Christopher Nolan
user1: what is it about
user2: A lot different than the other silly Batman movies before it
user2: It's darker
user1: sounds interesting!!
user2: Liam Neeson is the bad guy
user1: wow, hes a great actor!
user1: maybe I should watch it!
user2: I like him too
user2: Christian Bale is Batman
user2: Katie Holmes is in it
user1: hes great too!
user2: from Dawson's Creek
user1: what character does Katie Holmes play
user2: his sorta girlfriend
user2: The Asst DA
user2: It also has Gary Oldman
user1: nice!
user2: maybe in his most docile role ever
user1: what else has he been in? I am not familliar
user2: aargh
user2: I'm bad at remembering things like that
user2: Metacritic gave it a 7.7/10
user2: But it should be higher
user2: they were wrong
user1: cool, I think ill watch it!
user1: thanks for chatting!
user2: Did you see the Professional
user1: no
user2: peace

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: hello
user1: christopher nolan was a great director
user2: yes
user2: it also has a 84 on rotten tomatoes
user1: yep and christian bale was a good batman
user2: and i love the drama that was unfolding
user1: it made for a good batman movie
user2: and it was a good look at his mind
user1: it was a great comic book movie
user2: it was a good orgin story for bruce
user1: yes you can see where he got his ideas for the batcavr
user2: yep and the murder of his parents was well done
user1: it added to his distrest
user2: yep that murderer joe chills was bad
user1: yes
user2: it is wrong that he is freed for telling on carminr
user1: yes he should have not gotten off
user2: it is weird to see bruce want to kill some one
user1: he is not like the normal batman
user2: yes more vengful
user1: it made his training worth it
user2: i am glad he fights crime
user1: yes and he fights scarcrow
user2: he made for a better fight than joker
user1: yes all in all this was a great file
user1: film
user2: yep best batman for sure
user1: thanks

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: hey wassup
user1: so have you seen batman begins?
user2: not in a long time
user1: same
user2: think it still holds up?
user1: yeah its pretty good movie
user1: i think its one of the better batmans
user1: hbu?
user2: def it's the one that got me hooked
user1: thats cool, same
user2: it's the one with scarecrow right?
user2: I always confuse the titles
user1: nah i think its the one with ras al ghul
user1: and he burns down bruces house during the party
user1: and ras wants to destroy gotham
user2: right right
user1: with this water vaporizer thing
user1: yeaah
user2: Bale makes a great batman. I miss him
user1: Agreed, and the guy who played ras wsa pretty good imo
user2: Oh yeah, he was
user2: I haven't seen him in much lately
user1: yeah me either

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: Hello.  We're going to be talking about 'Batman Begins', have you seen it?
user2: No I have not seen it. Who are the stars of the film?
user1: It has a solid cast that includes Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Liam Neeson, Katie Homes, Gary Oldman, Rutger Hauer, and Morgan Freeman.
user2: Cool. What is the movie about?
user1: It is a superhero movie.  It relaunches the Batman movie franchise.  Providing his origin, and an early adventure.  It is a good 'jumping on' point for the movie & comic book franchise.
user2: When was the movie released?
user1: It came out in 2005.  
user2: Who is the main villain in the movie?
user1: There are two villains in this Batman movie.  One is Ra's al Ghul, the other is the Scarecrow.
user2: Sounds interesting. How long does the movie last?
user1: I'm not sure.
user2: Oh ok
user2: Where does the movie take place?
user1: The fictional city of 'Gotham City', the home to Bruce Wayne/Batman.
user2: Does Batman have any sidekicks in the movie?
user1: Not sidekicks.  He has allies, or a supporting cast.  Most notably in Alfred Pennyworth (Michael Caine) and James Gordon (Gary Oldman).
user2: Does Batman/Bruce Wayne have a love interest in the movie?
user1: I don't know that I'd call it a love interest.  The character of Rachel Dawes (Katie Holmes) plays the female lead, and there's some romantic tension (suspense) there.
user2: Gotcha. That sounds interesting
user1: It is a good movie, even if the superhero genre doesn't interest you.  If you have any interest in director Christopher Nolan's other movies, it is likely you'll enjoy this.
user2: Oh wow. I didn't know that Christopher Nolan was the director!
user1: Yes, from 'American Psycho' to the 'Batman' franchise (and beyond).
user2: Who plays Alfred in this film? I saw a lot of well known actors but none of them that strike me as Alfred(and he's a pretty key character).
user1: That role is played by Michael Caine.
user2: Ah ok. That makes sense.
user2: I really think I would enjoy this movie.
user1: It is a well (and impressively) cast movie, and the reactions to it show.  Well reviewed and rated.
user2: Do you have information on the rating it got on Rotten Tomatoes?
user2: I know that is pretty random but its a pretty reliable site for ratings on movies
user1: Rotten Tomatoes had it at 84%, the 'average' is listed as 7.7 (out of 10).
user2: Still a pretty good score.
user2: Thanks for all the info! I appreciate it!
user1: Yes, it also received a Metacritic score of 70/100, and a CenemaScore of 'A'.  No problem.

conversation:
user2: Hey there
user2: Have you seen batman begins
user1: Yes, I have.  It's been a few years, but I have seen it.  Have you?
user2: I have, its one of my favorite movies ever
user2: I watch it once every few months or so
user1: I think that trilogy of Batman movies can't be beat.  Every movie is great!
user2: Yeah, they really started the movement for better superhero movies
user1: It's true!  I can't really get into the other superhero movies.  Batman is the only franchise that entertains me.
user2: I can understand
user1: Do you like any of the other superhero movies?
user2: I like man of steel, and most of the marvel movies, but not as much as these batman movies
user1: Christian Bale is the best Batman to me.  He acted that role perfectly.
user2: I think he is too
user2: this movie has a great cast too
user1: Yes, I can't think of the actress who played Catwoman but she did great, too.
user2: anne hathaway
user2: she was really good
user1: Yes!  She was really good.  And I also enjoy Gary Oldman.  
user1: Not to mention all the bad guys in these movies, too. 
user2: Gary Oldman is my favorite actor, so it was great to see him
user2: he was great
user1: Not really into Ben Affleck as Batman.
user2: Yeah he has been weird
user2: and I think he might be done anyway, so thats good
user1: I can't wait to see what they do next with the Batman franchise.
user2: Yeah, I am sure it will be different but hopefully good
user1: True.  Special affects have come a long way.
user2: They really have, they look almost real now
user1: It's very true.  It would be a summer blockbuster no doubt.
user2: Yeah, it will always make money no matter what
user1: I think the movie in industry really needs it right now.
user2: Yeah, they are running out of ideas
user1: Remaking classics isn't going to pay off every time, they definitely need to come up with fresh stuff.

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: Hello
user2: i like batman begins it was a great movie!! 
user2: dide you see it?
user1: Yes i agree it had a very strong cast of actors. 
user1: Definitely a good revival of the franchise
user2: the actor christian Bale palyed batman verywell!!
user2: yes
user1: Even the supporting actors were great I liked Gary Oldman and Michael Caine. Even Liam Neeson had a good roll
user2: yes i like liam nesson alot!!
user1: Even the critics seemed to give it rave reviews
user2: i think the ratings should be higher then 7.7
user2: i would give it 10.0
user2: true
user1: I think that they were about right with the ratings. Some of the scenes were slow. But everything in the movie was necessary
user2: yes the movie hade everything you could ask for in it but i still feel it should hade gotting a better rating
user2: in what year dide it come out?
user1: It was nice to see the back story of how he became batman. It was released in 2005 as the first batman directed by Christopher nolan
user2: yea wish more movies come out with him in it
user1: with who in it?
user2: Christopher nolan ;]
user2: hes sexy
user2: ;]
user1: He just directed it. Did not have roll in the movie otherwise
user2: yes but he directes movies very well\
user2: i like him alote and his movies
user1: Thats very true. 
user1: What did you think of the scene where Raz A Gul was training batman
user2: i think it was great even later he hadeto fight him
user2: what do you think about Bruce wayne phobia of bats
user2: ?
user1: Did you think that batman used personal motives when he fought? Like making sure Rachel was safe?
user1: I think that he had a valid reason to be afraid of them. 
user2: yes i do think so
user2: you?
user1: Being a child and falling into a well where you felt like you were being attacked by them would taumatize most kids.
user2: yea true but not me iv seen a real ghost in person
user1: I think that he did let alot of his personal motives show in this movie. Specifically making sure that Rachel was safe as she was a love interest
user2: very true rachel was very hott to
user1: Who played rachel?
user2: katie holmes
user1: What was her job in the movie
user1: ?
user1: besides being a love interest for Batman. 
user2: assistant district attorney
user2: ;]
user1: Ahh so she was like the person batman would give all his information about the bad guys to?
user2: yea kinda ;]
user1: Do you think she was afraid of the repercussions of putting people in jail. Such as Falcone?
user2: yea i think so she was scared at one day they should lash back out to her
user2: could
user2: i think we finished the task already click on the finish conversation at the bottom of the page/ thank you for being my partner.;]

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: hello
user1: I really enjoyed this new take on the batman series. I enjoyed Nolan's take on the film and how much of the comic book story line was brought to life.

conversation:
user2: Good day to you! So what did you think of Batman Begins? 
user1: hello
user2: So do you agree with the critic's ratings of the film?
user1: well i do love the mist talented cast to this movie
user2: Agreed. Who was your favorite actor in the film? I thought Christian Bale as Bruce Wayne/Batman did a great job.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Yoo
user2: how are ya?
user1: I am good
user2: Cool
user1: Have you seen batman begins
user2: Have you seen the movie?
user1: Yes
user2: Yeah I have
user2: It's been a while though
user1: Yea I did not realize that it came out in 2005
user2: I remember being blown away by the director
user2: Haha yeah
user1: I do not think a batman movie has ever been too bad anyways 
user2: How do u like christian bale's performance?
user2: haha you like batman movies?
user2: I think christian bale was a better batman than Ben affleck
user1: Not my favorite batman but he was good. 
user2: Yeah he wasn't too bad :)
user1: Ben was my least favorite
user2: hehe
user2: Oh I think
user2: Michael Caine was the PERFECT alfred
user2: Loved his accent
user1: Yes Caine is good in any movie as an old wise man
user2: haha he is
user1: I forgot this was the batman movie where it tells how he became batman 
user2: Oh yeah :)
user2: I remember that it was a bit slower than the other ones
user1: Shows how he was attacked by  swarm of bats when traiining
user2: The next batman was where the joker was playing, that one was great
user2: haha yeah
user2: Training with Raz al gul
user2: Or however u spell it heh
user1: I am sure they will have another batman movie soon since the one where he fought superman was so bad
user2: Yeah :(
user2: I actually didn't watch it
user2: becasue I heard terrible reviews about it
user1: I am suprised this movie only got a 84% on rotten tomatoes 
user2: hehe
user2: It's a different kind of batman movie
user1: Nolan did good directing this movie though
user2: it's darker than batman was in the past
user2: yeah

conversation:
user1: alright, so what movie are we talking about?
user2: We are going to discuss the 2005 superhero film "Batman Begins".
user1: i love that movie
user2: Critics enjoyed it as well, especially due to its "being both comic-book archetypes and real people"
user1: christian bale was awesome in that movie
user2: Christian Bale and Liam Neeson both had two characters they were cast as in the film.
user1: Its weird seeing him in it because i always see him as qui gon jinn
user2: Christian Bale showed menace and wit "in his brilliant turn in American Psycho"
user1: I agree that movie was great too he was really excellent in it
user2: Dis you know the group CinemaScore graded "Batman Begins" with an A grade?
user1: no i didnt know that
user2: The film explores the origins of Batman's damaged psyche
user1: Yes it does. It really shows the depth of his character
user2: Alfred Pennyworth's character has depth because he is forced to step into a guiding role for young-and older- Bruce Wayne.
user1: yes i agree
user1: We see him mentoring him both when hes young and when he is old
user2: The director, Christopher Nolan, is an excellent visual storyteller.
user2: Joe Chill is the name of the character who mugs and kills Bruce's parents.
user1: nolan is a great director
user1: im a huge fan of all of his movies

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: Hi
user1: Did you select what movie we are talking about?
user2: have you seen batman begins?
user1: Yes! Great movie 
user1: Have you?
user2: it  has a lot of action and I think its better made that most batman movies
user1: Being that Batman Begins is the beginning to the new modern saga for Batman have you seen the entire series?
user2: yes
user2: they all kick butt , but the depth of the story is best in the first
user2: the other ones that include the joker have the action, but the story behind why they are so evil in the first place should be mentioned o those that arent really familiar with the series
user1: Yes, especially how "Ra's Al Ghul" began as an issue really in "Batman Begins" and then later in "The Dark Knight Rises" is mentioned. The series is very well constructed.
user1: Yeah agreed about the Joker part, I mean in the movie they kind of hint at why he has issues. BUT it would be nice to know what exactly spurred as a catalyst for it all
user2: yes they have a serious twist in the plot of the movie and they did make sure that villiams and main characters somehow connect with future events
user2: yes I know that he got into a lot of chems, but the story on how that happened should be put into a movie, so far not even the older batman movies make it clear
user1: You know what would have been nice? If they explained a bit more in detail about Bruce Waynes parents. Yes they are murdered but I dont feel connected as a viewer to them really
user2: its showed in comic books, but not everyone is able to get a hold of them or they are considered to be outdated and are no longer looked at.
user1: which is a major catalyst as to why he even chose to be Batman
user2: correct, I barely know anything about them and I think that they could make a sparete story on the dad since his company in the first place was researching advanced weaponry and building it in secret
user1: Really? I never knew that
user1: They made it seem as though he was some man of peace or something
user2: thats were batman recaived all his gadgets and stuff
user2:  his dad was building weapons at the company,  but they never went into the story why he was doing that
user1: Hmm yeah now I could see why a series could be made about him
user1: Then again its only a movie and unlike the actual stories they cant include certain details due to time constraints 
user2: That's where creative genius would disagree.
user1: Kanye West is that you
user1: Just kidding
user1: lol
user2: lol
user2: I love that movie though
user1: Its one of my favorite I just got it on bluray
user2: I had to watch it off of Amazon
user2: I had to pay like 5 bucks
user2: Are you still there?

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: Hi!
user2: have you seen the movie batman begins?
user1: Yes, I really liked this Batman movie, I like the darker tone of it.
user2: Mhm it got a pretty rotten tomatoes score too, 84%
user2: a very enjoyable superhero movie
user1: Yeah, and the cast is pretty nice. Gary Oldman and Morgan Freeman
user2: can't forget about michael caine too as alfred
user1: Yeah, I loved the alfred in this one. It is a great Batman reboot in my opinion.
user1: and yea, it has good ratings for it too.
user2: one of the critical responses put it in a good in calling it a "tormented drama"
user1: Yeah, I guess i could see it being that
user2: liam neeson as ra's al ghul also did a great job
user1: I have not seen the movie in a while and forgot that he was in it.
user1: Sometimes origin stories can be boring, but i did like this one.
user2: ha ya, it has a big cast and people sometimes forget who is in it
user2: ya, they did reboot it correctly
user1: and Bale was good as Batman
user2: ya he definitely was able to portray the dark tones of batman really well
user1: Yeah, it'll probably go down as one of the best batman movies.
user1: I liked the villain as well
user2: kinda crazy that he is trained by ra's al ghul, only later to have to fight them
user2: to save his city
user1: yeah i liked that, it all comes back around I guess
user2: the person playing gordon also did a good job, being one of really few honest cop in gotham
user2: that city was very corrupt
user1: Yeah, that was Gary Oldman who just won an Oscar too
user2: oh nice
user2: well that movie definitely deserved all the praise that it got
user2: batman begins i mean
user1: Yeah, it was a fun batman movie
user1: and i personally like batman in general, i like the darker tones of it I guess
user2: ya it is very dark
user2: alright well it was good talking to you
user1: Take care!

conversation:
user1: how goes??
user2: Hello!  Great thanks, how's your day?
user1: its going lol
user1: what movie do you have over there?
user2: We'll be talking about Batman Begins today.  Have you seen it?
user1: I have.
user1: its a great movie
user2: I love it too :)
user1: Nolan is  agreat director and christian bale is a greta actor
user2: So how do you think Christian Bale is in the role of Batman?  Do you like his style of playing the character?
user1: Honestly, i think he is my favorite batman yet
user1: I think he can really play both batman and bruce wayne
user1: an actor must fill both roles to play a great batman. 
user2: I have to agree.  The document this time mentions exploring Batman's damaged psyche.  I think that Christian Bale did a particularly good job at that, really made me feel how tormented Bruce Wayne is.
user1: Yes, I agree. Bale is particularly good at playing characters that have deep emotions. They did a great job with the rest of the series too. The soundtrack was phenomenal as well
user2: And what about the scene from when he was a child and fell into the well and was attacked by a swarm of bats?  I thought that really added to my understanding of the character and truly appreciated that scene.
user2: And yes, the soundtrack was excellent!
user1: that scene was fantastic
user1: it helps give a great undertsnading of where his fear came from
user1: I like alfred as well. He adds a nice balance to the eccentricity and flamboyancy of bruce wayne
user2: Yes it does.  I also loved the scene where Bruce's parents were killed in front of him outside the theater when he was a child.  I found it very moving and it made me very sympathetic to him and to his origins of becoming Batman.
user2: I love Alfred as well, I have always loved Michael Cain and I think he's fantastic in that role.
user1: Michael cain played a fantastic alfred
user1: I agree with you as well about the scene at the beginning.
user1: seeing him go through that as a young character really paints a solid backdrop for the character that he becomes
user2: I found the scenes about Bruce's training with the League of Shadows particularly interesting.  When Bruce discovered that they were planning to destroy Gotham and he burned down the temple to prevent this, I thought that was a great sequence.
user1: same here. i love the dedication bruce has to the city thanks to all the work his father did
user2: (Sorry about jumping around, trying to follow the new paragraphs in the document like we're supposed to)  :)
user1: its fine ive done a thousand of these
user2: oh good!  This is only my second one
user1: it can be hard to figure out what to say sometimes xD
user2: Ohhhh, what about the Scarecrow in Arkham Asylum?   I loved that character, very creepy!
user1: Oh yes! With his hallucinogenic gas? admittedly, i thought his character was interesting. How it preys on everyones greatest fear. Imagine if something like that was actually created and weaponized 
user2: Yes, exactly!  I think that might have been one of my favorite parts of the movie.  Especially when Batman was exposed to the hallucinogen, very wild.
user2: I was very sad when Wayne Manor was burned down.  It seems so unfair to take that away from Bruce.
user2: It was a very touching scene when Alfred rescued him, once again reminded me of how tortured he is.

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: hello
user2: the movie is Batman Begins
user1: sounds like another batman movie
user1: can you tell me more about it
user2: well the movie is directed by Christopher Nolan who has directed many other films and has a RT score of 84%.It is about the rigin of Batman on his journey of becoming the dark knight as he fights to stop Ra's al Ghul and the scarecrow from plunging Gotham into chaos
user1: it sounds like a really good movie
user1: highly scored
user1: have you seen it?
user2: I have seen it many times and enjoy the scenes within it like seeing how Bruce Wayne has trouble jugging his other half with his biollionaire persona and how it effects his personal relationships
user1: would you say it's a reboot of the series?
user2: I would say it is a reboot to try to make it more grounded.Most if not all the shots were filmed with the intention that they would be possible in everyday life especially equiptment.
user1: it sounds like a well done movie, i am a general fan of Nolan as well
user2: one of the best scenes is when bruce is a child and he falls down into a dry well and is attacked by a swarm of bats.And he ends up having a phobeia of these creatures.It is this phobeia that he saw the day his parents get killed and why they had to leaves the theater.And a mugger joe chill murders his parents in front of him.Leaving bruce to be raised by alfred
user1: he had a pretty tough life it seems
user2: yea mostly because it seemed it felt like he felt it was his fault his parents died.
user1: which is what made him want to do good for the world
user1: i think it sounds like a great movie i should definitely watch
user2: yea it is pretty great  it also instills the reason he does not use guns.
user1: that definitely makes it more interesting
user2: But during the film chill is freed and he intends to kill this person because he has vengence in his heart to right a wrong.But before he can someone else kills him
user1: is it a long movie/
user2: it is pretty standard length wise since it is an origin films it has a deep story to try and establish the Batman character.
user1: that's good, are there any sequels to the movie?
user2: there is,it is a trilogy and this one mainly does with Ra's  since bruce almost became part of the league but decided not to because he did not like their ways
user1: that's good that there is a planned ending, instead of adding useless sequels
user2: like in one scene duccard returns at bruces party and reveals himself as Ras.He plans to vaporize gothams water supply rendering cranes drug airborne and causing mass hysteria that would destroy the city.
user1: pretty evil plot
user2: it is a pretty intense one that surrounds batmans big first take down against his mentor while also dealing with the scrarcrow who used the spray on falcone making him unfit for a trial that he was needed for.
user1: i definitely need to watch this movie now, i have just added it to my list of things i should watch
user1: the story sounds like it will really pull me in
user2: that is good it is a good super hero movie with a deep story.
user1: thanks again
user2: no problem

conversation:
user1: Did you enjoy Batman Begins?
user2: Hey man
user1: HI!
user2: I sure did.
user2: How about you?
user1: Totally did, Christian bale and Gary Oldman! Those guys are great actors seem like different people in everything they do. 
user2: Am I right?
user2: Absolutely. I love Oldman especially
user2: Dif you see the other sequels from batmab?
user1: He's great in this
user1: Dark Knight but not Knight Rises. 
user1: You?
user2: I watched all of them.
user2: I guess Dark Knight is my favorite tho.
user2: But they’re all pretty near.
user2: *neat
user1: They are doing well with the Batman movies visually appealing great action. 
user2: The narrative is the most appealing in my opinion.
user1: Its hard not pick Dark Knight as a favorite Heath Ledger was amazing. 
user2: He was.
user1: Agreed overcoming personal adversity is a great theme.
user2: Anyway, I think the new Batman movies are nothing comoared to this one and the sequels really.
user1: The originals were pretty cheesy they have been getting better. 
user2: Not only that, but the deep flaws in the justice system were portrayed awesomely.
user2: Oh, the original Batman movies?
user2: Like the really old ones?
user1: Gotham is a special place, yea I was thinking of the silly one in 1966. 
user1: The jokers has that terrible face paitn. 
user1: paint*
user2: I’ve only seen pictures of that Joker, but haven’t seen that movie yet.
user1: It was worth a laugh, do you want many old movies?
user2: Anyway, Batmab Begins is good, but it could have been better I guess.
user2: Not really, I prefer modern movies really.
user1: I agree society has changed so much our entertainment has become more discriminating. Are you into the all the super hero movies coming out lately?
user2: Great thoughts. I am. Very much actually.
user2: Are you into modern superhero movies nowadays?
user1: The split between comic book hero then real person seems difficult to actually pull off. 
user2: You think?
user1: I guess I should let the movie magic happen but its difficult to suspend that much disbelief. 
user2: Well, that’s one of the flaws of movies, I guess.
user2: Well, man. It was great talking to you. Take care and have a great day.
user1: You too

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: hello
user2: Have you watched the movie Superhero?
user1: great movie
user1: yes I have I enjoy super hero movies a lot as I have been reading comics for about 30 years
user2: That's great. I also watched this movie before.
user1: surprised the metacritic rating was only 70% honestly I am ot saying it deserved 100% but certainly a high 80 in my opinion 
user2: It got also a high rating in rotten tomatoes. 84% is already high.
user1: yeah, I was disappointed that Rutger Hauer had such a small part, I really like him as an actor 
user1: Did you like how they tried to go for a more "realistic" approach?
user2: Do you like Christian Bale as a lead actor of this movie?
user2: Yeah definitely.
user1: I did but I think he over did it with the voice. I do think he was better as bruce wayne then as batman if that makes sense. He was good at playing a disturbed and troubled man trying to act like a shallow playboy
user2: Yeah I agree with you. Is this your favorite Batman series?
user1: It is really good but In all honesty I prefer the first one with Michael Keaton , it had the perfect mix of comic book and "real life" it just worked really well.

conversation:
user2: ok
user1: It seems like Christian Bale received praise for his portrayal of Batman
user2: There were good reviews about his portrayal of batman. 
user1: Although it seems like the movie overall might have been criticized for not giving the characters more depth.
user2: i dont know about "criticized". it got an "A" score from CinemaScore and is 84% on Rotton Tomatoes. Seems like it was liked. 
user1: Sure, but it's Metacritic & Rotten Tomatoes scores are high, but not too high, and one of the critical responses suggests some characters are in it for "their own aggrandizement" - that seems at least a little critical
user2: Well, i think there are for sure elements critics can for sure be critical about. Overall, it seems it was a solid movie done well. Especially comparing Bale with his work in American Psycho. It seems to be well received, with it's understable issues that might exist. 
user1: I did like that the film focused on what lead to Bruce Wayne becoming Batman and that it seemed to feature characters that felt like they were real people, just not comic book characters. 
user2: That is exactly what i liked about the movie. That all the characters seemed to be real people. Not individuals with crazy super powers or anything. It seems almost real. And I think that is what the critics picked up on also. Do you agree with the ratings?
user1: Yeah, I think the ratings are fair, although I'm surprised the Metacritic score isn't higher. 
user2: Yeah, i agree. It seems like critics should have given it a better overall score. The first key scene of bruce wayne as a child, i think its good background information, but there are probably other key scenes i would list before that one. 
user1: I don't know. It seems pretty pivotal to the development of his Batman persona and does lead, in a way, to the death of his parents.
user2: Pivotal - yes. But i guess it's just not the first scene ... or first five scenes ... i would think of when i think of Batman Begins. It's a key to his development. Absolutely. I just know know if i would list it as a key scene. 
user1: Fair point. The death of his parents during the mugging is pretty key, though. 
user2: It is a pretty great "beginnings" story in the SuperHero genre altogether. Are you a SuperHero genre fan?
user1: Yes, I am. And Batman is my favorite superhero, although I'd say I would not have chosen to go with Scarecrow in an origins film.
user2: I agree. He is absolutely my favorite as well. Scarecrow was an interesting choice, but i dont think the best choice. 
user1: I appreciated that they included Rachel Dawes in the film, but Katie Holmes's casting never felt right. Especially when she was scolding Bruce after he planned to kill Joe Chill.
user2: As a side note, what kind of name is Joe Chill? That character's name always bothered me. ... Katie Holmes did alright - just maybe not the best casting. But that scene is definitely important to the story. It kind of gave him the necessary motivation to leave the country and travel the world. Which helped lead him to the League of Shadows. 
user1: True. I really enjoyed the scenes involving Bruce's training with the League and his response to their plan to bring down Gotham really made visible how focused he was on the idea of justice. 
user2: Yeah - the part of the movie that takes place when he leaves Gotham is fascinating and well told. The audience sees his development and his commitment to justice. So much so he stands up to those that trained him - the League. Very compelling. 
user1: So interesting, too, that as he burns the League down he saves Ducard, who saved him and basically gave him the training to become Batman.
user2: Right. And then when he returns to Gotham, he learns that Ducard is actually Ra's al Ghul. And then we learn that the one person he saved with the League is now coming to tear down the city that he loves. Gripping stuff.
user1: I do think the whole Scarecrow storyline fell short - he doses Falcone and Rachel? I feel like having Falcone shut away in Arkham Asylum was a waste of a character.
user2: Agreed. The only thing it did was create a way to introduce Arkham Asylum into the storyline. I agree, scarecrow was not necessary for that. And the character was not really that important to the story. It could have been done without him as well. I think Ra's al Ghul was a the only "badguy" needed in this movie. 
user1: Yeah, Ra's plan to vaporize the water and make all of Gotham hallucinate & crazy felt like a waste of him as well and a little cheesy.
user2: A little bit cheesy - yes. But it was an interesting way to get the drug to the population at large. A very stealth way to undermine the population and stability of life. And the tool to do it was the Wayne Enterprised Vapor. I guess making everything come full-circle. 
user1: Yeah, suggesting even the good guys do bad things. I do love Michael Caine as Alfred and that it is Alfred who ultimately comes to Bruce's rescue.
user2: Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman did solid jobs in their roles. Very good takes of those characters. And very necessary allies for Batman. Good point.

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hey there!
user2: This is actually a very good film
user1: What film?
user2: Batman Begins
user1: Oh, which Batman movie is that again?
user2: the one from 2005
user1: Who is Batman in this one?
user2: Christian Bale
user1: Oh okay! So what's so good about it?
user2: The plot is awesome. I think it is one of the best stories in the franchise.
user1: Dang that does sound good. There have been a lot of good batman movies so that is saying something
user1: What famous villains are in this one?
user2: Scarecrow, Ra's al Ghul
user2: They are great
user1: I think Ra's is an underrated villain in the Batman mythos
user2: Definitely. He is an interesting one.
user1: Is this movie appropriate for children? Most kids love Batman
user2: In my opinion, yes, but I do think there will be some parents who will be uncomfortable with some scenes.
user1: What would you say is the cutoff age?
user2: In my opinion, this is fine for kids 8+
user1: Cool! I think it's a movie worth checking out then!
user2: It definitely is!
user1: I know that you like it, but did it do well critically? Win any awards?
user2: it did well with the majority of critics. I m not sure if it won any awards.
user1: Gotcha, what other actors does it have?
user2: Katie Holmes, Morgan Freeman, Liam Neeson. Lots of other great actors, too.
user1: Those are all really big names!
user2: Yeah, and there's more that I can't think of at the moment, but it is a great cast all around.
user1: I will need to check it out then
user1: Well thanks!
user1: I'll go see it

conversation:
user1: suh dude
user2: What did you think of the Batman Begins movie?
user1: second best movie in the trilogy
user1: have you seen it?
user2: I really liked Christian Bale and Katie Holmes
user1: cilian murphy was good
user1: he played scarecrow
user2: Who is scarecrow?  I don't see that as a character.
user1: ah nvm he's in the movie though
user1: liam neeson is great in the movie as well
user2: Do you like the Batman movies?
user1: theyre great
user1: dark knight was amazing
user1: do you like them?
user2: not particularly, I'm not into any of the superhero movies tbh
user1: what movies do you like?
user2: documentaries actually
user1: ah i see
user1: where you from?
user2: Vermont, you
user1: Florida

conversation:
user1: Hello, it's interesting that cinemascore gave the film a rating of 'A' but metacritic gave it 70/100. Do you think theres any reason for that?
user2: It could have something to do with superhero movies, as they tend to get lower ratings in general.It could imply that it was excellent for a superhero movie, but not as good as a different genre.
user1: I have not seen any superhero movies actually, what makes such a big difference with superhero movies and other movies? The cast looks excellent and has lots of names I recognize so I'm surprised about the ratings not being higher
user2: I personally very much enjoy superhero movies, but they tend to not get a lot of recognition. It might be because it has a smaller range of viewers. Comedies are similar because not everyone has the same sense of humor. Not everyone enjoys superhero style movies.
user1: This film reboots the batman series apparently, what does that mean? Is it a continuation from the comic books or previous films?
user2: It says in the introduction that it reboots the film series. There are many comics and movies. It's not a continuation, but rather a retelling of the story.
user1: Oh I see, that makes sense. Do you need to know anything about if the previous works in the series are needed to be watched/read to understand everything going on in this film?
user2: No. The film is an origin story, so it explains how everything started and how Bruce Wayne became Batman. It's the very beginning of the story.
user1: Would you recommend this film even though metacritic gave it a low rating? 
user2: It has very good critic responses and Rotten Tomatoes gave it an 84% rating, which is pretty good. I'm also very fond of superhero movies, so yes I would.
user1: What does it mean that the actors were masquerading as bats? Is that like dressing up as/
user2: They were dressed as and pretending to be bats for a certain scene in the opera
user1: It's odd that this whole series of events led to his parents getting murdered. Was there any preemptive reason or was it pure coincidence you think?
user2: The city of Gotham is overrun with crime, but Bruce Wayne's parents were also the richest people in the city. Both of those things contributed to the crime.
user1: Oh wow, so that explains where batman gets the money to sustain himself after his parents death, and then go on to become batman. Do you think he feels any responsibility for his parents deaths, since he asked them to leave that night?
user2: Certainly. He was just a child and he probably feels that if he hadn't asked to leave that night, his parents would still be alive. Of course we can't know if that is actually true, but that is what he believes.
user1: Do you think it's right that bruce went down the path he did, taking him to prison? Was it necessary for him to become batman and do the things he did later?
user2: I don't know that it was necessary, but it's what he felt he had to do. It probably has to do with what happened to his parents. He has to make up for what happened to them in his mind, and he also doesn't want anyone else to go through what he did. 
user1: Do you think it was right of him to burn down the temple?
user2: He felt it was the only way to stop them from destroying his home. I don't know if it was right, but it was what he thought he had to do.
user1: Rachel Dawes tells batman that his father would be ashamed, do you agree?
user2: Probably. I don't think any parent would want their child to become a murderer.
user1: It's interesting that the plot centers around destroying the city. You would think people who intend to do harm would want a city full of crime to flourish
user2: Well, the league of shadows wants less crime in the world. Since Gotham is so incredibly corrupt, they think the only way to save it is to destroy it. Do you agree with that idea?
user1: Of course, that makes sense. It seems selfish of batman to want to save it for himself then really
user2: But there are a lot of innocent people in Gotham. People like his parents who did nothing wrong.
user1: . I agree. Its a tough situation really, i hadnt thought about that
user2: There tends to be a lot of gray area, but I don't think mass slaughter is an effective solution to any problem.

conversation:
user2: Hello! So what movie are we discussing today?
user1: HI there - we are going to discuss Batman Begins
user1: Have you seen this movie? 
user2: I haven't seen it. What's it about?
user1: It has gotten pretty good reviews/ratings.
user1: Classic Batman - the origin of Batman and Bruce Wayne
user2: Is it good for kids or more of more of an adult sort of movie?
user1: It's more of an adult or teen movie. 
user2: Who stars in it?
user1: It's an all star cast - Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Liam Neeson
user1: That cast alone make me want to see it now :)
user2: Who's the main villain in this one?
user1: Are you familiar with the Batman character?
user2: A little bit.
user1: Ra's al Ghul land the Scarecrow
user2: Who does Christian Bale play?
user1: It all started with Bruce Wayne's parents died...he eventually became the super hero Batman
user1: Christian Bale plays the lead - BruceWayne/Batman
user2: Ah, so it's an origin story?
user1: Yes!  It all starts when Bruce's parents get murdered in front of him 
user1: He then has to be raised by the family butler, Alfred Pennyworth.
user2: Is it an older movie or a new release?
user1: It was released in 2005, so it's a bit older
user2: And who directed it?
user1: Christopher Nolan
user2: I heard Cillian Murphy is in the movie. Is that right? I love that guy.
user1: I forgot to tell you that Michael Caine plays the part of the family butler, Bruce Wayne's guardian
user1: Yes! He is in it too.
user2: Are there any followup movies to this one?
user1: I honestly don't know which ones are considered follow up movies but this is a part of a series.
user2: Oh good. I like a series. Are there any famous actresses in it?
user1: Katie Holmes - she's great!
user2: Who does she play?
user1: She is Rachel Dawes, Bruce's childhood friend.
user2: Well, it definitely sounds like a great movie! Thanks for letting me in on it!
user1: Hope you get to see it...it's got it all - violence, revenge, redemption and love

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: hi
user2: have you seen the movie? 
user1: i have heard of it but never saw it
user2: I have watched it although not my typical type of movie.  It was pretty good though 
user1: cool. they have a few good actors in the film that made it worth watching i guess!
user2: Yes they did. I really like Christain Bale. 
user2: The movie got pretty good ratings to
user1: yeah me too.
user1: i see it. from what id heard, people thought it was a good film. i think most of batman films seem to do well.
user2: Yes i think they do. Batman is a classic, i dont think they will ever do bad 
user2: I really liked the scene where batman fell into a well and was attacked by bats. He was afraid of them.  Interesting since he is Batman 
user1: is the movie a mixture of the comics too?

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: hey
user1: I just saw Batman
user2: Me too
user2: Loved the cast
user1: Me too. I liked Christian Bale as Batman
user2: Me too, he's my favorite Batman
user2: haha the review saying he showed "both the menace and the wit" he had in American Psycho is funny
user2: I didn't think it was anything like his character in American Psycho
user2: but he is a great actor
user1: He seemed like the realist person of all the portrayals of batman
user2: I agree!
user2: I love that Morgan Freeman and Michael Caine were in it
user1: Me too. I also like that Ra's al Ghul was in it.He's my favorite batman villian
user2: Scene 1 is quite intense, It's a great way to start the movie
user1: I don't remember that scene. What happens?
user2: In the document it talks about his fear of bats as well as the murder of his parents.
user2: It's a flashback to his childhood
user1: Oh I see
user2: I think it's cute seeing his relationship with Alfred develop in this scene
user1: I think so too. Also sad
user2: I love the League of Shadows scene. I think it's crazy he burns their temple
user2: Bruce is a bold guy
user2: He has no fear
user2: well except maybe his fear of bats lol
user1: yeah lol
user2: what do you think of this scene
user1: I find a disconnect between the League of Shadows and their desire to destroy gotham
user2: that's interesting to note
user2: i kind of agree with you
user2: it's a little random
user1: They're in Bhutan. Why do they care about an American City?
user1: I guess this is after 911 and probably resonated with movie goers 
user2: This scene is scary
user2: ohh haha that's a good theory^
user2: makes the movie seem a little weak
user1: I like that Alfred becomes a hero in this scene.
user2: yeah
user1: He's a complicated character. Old and feeble, but also a rescuer  
user2: yes
user2: He is so important to Bruce's success
user2: like a father figure
user1: Yeah
user2: The scene with the scarecrow was lowkey scarey
user1: Yeah it was good. I like that he could distort the perceptions of everyone around him
user2: yeah that was cool, did not expect to see that
user2: it made the movie stand out
user2: i think we're done!
user1: Jim Gordon is one of m favorite batman characters
user2: It says we're at the end of the document 
user2: YESSSS
user2: all these characters are bosses
user1: Yeah. It's a solid franchise 
user2: it was nice talking to you
user2: bye
user1: You too    Later

conversation:
user2: hey
user1: Hello.
user1: This will be in regards to Batman Begins.
user2: correct
user2: its been a while since ive seen this movie.
user2: have you seen it?
user1: It's from 2005 which has Christian Bale playing Batman.
user1: Liam neeson is the main antagonist Ra's al Ghul.
user1: It was directed by Christopher Nolan.
user1: I have seen it several times.
user2: ok yeah i recall this movie well. thanks for refreshing my mind. 
user2: I really liked how nolan directed the batman films. 
user2: it had a dark touch to it.
user1: Yes.  The critics were very high on it too.
user1: It starts off with Bruce Wayne as a child falling down a well.
user1: and then getting attacked by bats.
user2: I think he is actually terrified of bats at first if im not mistaken.
user2: Also i think early in the movie his parents are killed.
user1: Yes after that bat incident they are at an opera.
user1: Bruce sees the people dancing around in masks, reminds him of his bat experience and asks his parents to leave the opera.
user2: Yes
user2: All these scene pretty much set the foundation for the movie and sequels.
user1: Then it fast forwards to Bruce carrying a gun to court with the intention on killing the man who murdered his parents.
user2: I think the next set of scene pretty much establish how  batman starts to turn into the man in the mask. 
user1: Yes, he ends up not killing the man, and one of the mafia bosses goons kills him
user2: Do you recall when he starts training?
user1: While serving a prison sentance for stealing.
user1: After the training he pretty much becomes Batman.  
user1: Intercepts a drug shipment trying to assist Rachel with evidence against Carmine Falcone.
user2: I think this is when we get introduced to the scarecrow. 
user1: That kind of ends up backfiring as Falcone meets Dr. Crane (Scarecrow) and they work together to get scarecrows drug out
user2: These next few scene are difficult for me to remember.
user1: Batman gets exposed to the drug and it has a terrible effect on him leaving him incapacitated, until Alfred gives him an antidote created by Lucious Fox.
user2: Rachel also gets exposed to the drug as well at some point.
user1: They find out Crane has dumped the drug into Gothams water supply with the plan on vaporizing the water supply making the drug air borne.
user2: ok well i think we are finished here.

conversation:
user1: hi
user1: know of any good movies?
user2: It looks like "Batman Begins" is a good one.
user1: cool
user1: who's in it?
user2: It stars Christian Bale, Michael Caine and Liam Neeson.
user1: which one is batman?
user2: Christian Bale.
user1: I don't think I know him
user1: Love Liam though
user2: Yes, he's the villain.
user1: Caine's in everything
user1: Liam as a bad guy!
user1: awesome!
user1: I'm there!
user2: Yes, very exciting!
user1: something undefinably cool about the Liam
user1: who directed it?
user2: He's a terrifically good actor.  It was directed by Christopher Nolan.
user1: hmm
user1: don't know that name
user1: was the movie a critical success?
user2: Yes it was.
user1: who plays his girlfriend
user1: the da
user2: It looks like Katie Holmes.
user1: whoa
user1: cool
user1: she's underrated
user2: Yes, very entertaining.  I haven't really seen much of her.
user1: It's hard to watch her without Dawson or a Creek coming to mind
user2: I never saw Dawson Creek, so I'm in the dark.
user1: not missin gmuch
user2: Oh, good.
user1: what year is the movie
user2: 2005
user1: What did rotten tomatoes give it?
user2: 84% and average 7.7/10
user1: that's pretty high
user1: sounds pretty much like a must-see
user2: Is it?  CinemaScore gave it an A.
user1: I'd see it just for Liam
user2: No doubt.

conversation:
user2: hi, i really think you should see the movie batman begins. 
user1: hi my name is joe is it really good 
user2: Yes it is a super hero movie staring christian bale
user1: when did you see it
user2: i saw it when it came out in 2005 but i believe it is currently on netflixs if you want to watch it
user1: do you like super hero movies
user2: i enjoy them, batman begins is about real people with a comic book aproach
user1: do you think its as good on netflixs compared to the theater 
user2: cinema score gave it a A grade so i would think in the theatre is better. But in your home is better then nothing. 
user1: is there any other way to watch it
user2: You can buy or rent a dvd or blu ray of it
user1: is it anything like the old t.v. series 
user2: This is a modern adaptation of it so i dont think it is really like the old tv series 
user1: i didnt like the series it was to fake
user2: Yes os you would like this movie a lot more because it is very realistic
user1: i hope they really fixed it up i would consider watching it
user2: Yes this movie is very good and it has a 7.7 rating on rotten tomatoes 
user1: what other super hero movies do you like
user2: I liked the new black panther but batman begins is a classic
user1: can you trust rotten tomatoes rating
user2: yes it is basically a critic and user review of people who have seen the film and there opinion of it 
user1: do you recomened the black panther 
user2: yes black panther was amazing but batman begns is also a great super hero film. 
user1: how about the avengers
user2: Avenger was also good but batman begins is a classic super hero movie compared to others 
user1: i would try a super hero movie because i heard the secens were awesome 
user2: yea that cast is great with christian bale and Liam Nesson in this
user1: what other type of movies do you like

conversation:
user1: HI THE MOVIE WE ARE TALKING ABOUT TODAY IS BATMAN BEGINS
user1: IT IS A SUPERHERO MOVIE 
user1: IT WAS WRITTEN IN 2005
user1:  HAVE YOU SEEN IT ?
user1: tHE DIRECTOR IS chRISTOPHER nOLAN
user2: no i havent
user2: have you?
user1: ROTTEN TOMATOES GAVE IT 84 PERCENT
user1: BUT IT GOT A CINEMA SCORE OF a
user1: YES CHRISTIAN BALE WHO PLAYS BRUCE WAYNE IS WONDERFUL IN IT
user2: batman is a dc comic character 
user1: IT ALSO STARES mICHALE cAINE AS ALFRED 
user1: bATMAN IS A 2055 SUPERHERO FILM BASED ON THE DC COMICS
user2: its a reboot of the original film
user1: IT ALSO STARES LIAM NEESON
user1: AS hENRI
user1: kATIE hOILMES AS rACHAEL
user1: and Gary oldman as James Gorden
user1: gordon
user1: some really good talent in this film
user2: great actors
user1: have you seen any of the films?
user1: this is a reboot 
user2: never seen any of them
user1: telling the origin of Bruce Wayne from the death of his parents 
user2: but im interested 
user1: tohis journey to become batman
user1: His enemy in this one is Rs'sal Ghul and the Scarcrow 
user1: they are very creepy
user1: they are both trying to destroy gotham city and send into chaos

conversation:
user2: I am excited to see Michael Caine in this movie.
user1: I agree. I think He will make a Good Alfred!
user2: Gary Oldman is also one of my favorite actors.
user1: I am curious to see how Christopher Nolan does directing, how he explores batman's damaged psyche. 
user2: Same here. I also think it's interesting that the Rotten Tomato score is similar to the metacritic score.
user1: True, although CinemaScore gave it an "A"
user2: That sounds promising.
user1: I'm not sure about how I feel about Christian Bale as Batman though. 
user2: We'll see. I haven't seen him in any other movies.
user1: Definitely an all star cast
user2: I never read the comic books.
user1: Whoa, what did you think about that scene where he fell down a dry well?
user2: I think it's a bit far-fetched unless the bats were rabid lol
user1: lol, well it was interesting to see where the whole batman persona came from. 
user2: Yes, I was wondering about that. I wonder which opera features bats?
user1: Good question. Probably an opera you wouldn't want to take a child to. 
user2: Hahahaha. I never realized there was such a convoluted backstory to the Batman saga.
user1: ME EITHER! And then his parents get murdered in front of him! He has some bad luck. 
user2: True. I wonder what he stole in Bhutan?
user1: Must have been good because I have a feeling jail in Bhutan isn't the best. 
user2: To say the least! How long was he in jail there?
user1: The movie didn't say. 
user2: So Crane has been poisoning the city water?
user1: Yeah with some fear-inducing drugs! 
user2: *had
user2: Were the effects wide-spread among the population of Gotham?
user1: Yeah it created mass hysteria but luckily batman saved the day by getting the antidote. 
user1: Well for Rachel at least
user2: Alfred sure is a special guy!
user1: Yeah he is! Butler turned adopted father! 
user1: Batman was lucky to have him in his life. 
user2: Wish I had him in mine lol
user2: This microwave idea sounds a little dubious to me

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: hi there
user1: lets talk batman
user2: Interesting to see superohero with a 84% on rotten Tomatoes.
user1: yes higher than normal
user2: Batman Begins
user1: nolan did a great job
user1: how did the actors do in your eyes
user2: Christian Bale played as Bruce Wayne via Batman and Liam Neeson is also a great actor.
user2: I think Christian Bale is a great choice to play Batman.
user1: yes it was a great pick
user1: lets talk about the key scenes
user2: I also think Liam Neeson playing as Ra's al Ghul (bad guy) is kind of off because he's always played good actors.
user2: What do you think about scene 1?
user1: i like his take on bruce's childhood
user2: Here Bruce Wayne as a child falls into a dry well where he was attacked by some bats.
user2: Is this where he got the idea of Batman?
user1: i would say that it left a affect on him
user1: the stuff with his training sounds tough
user2: Interesting so bruce burned down the temple.
user2: So Liam died here?
user1: seems like it
user1: this was weird to see when we knew how batman acts
user2: Why did batman burn down the Temple? revenge on his parents?
user1: i guess to stop the guys from atacking gotham
user2: In this scene batman intercepts a drug shipment. 
user2: And Alfred rescues batman. 
user1: yes and i guess this guy turns to scarecrow
user1: he was able to save rachel
user2: Scarecrow is a bad actor as well?
user2: Is Rachel a good character?
user1: i think that she was ok
user1: i think we can finish nice talking to you
user2: Same here thanks

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hello.
user2: lets talk batman
user1: Christian Bale is Batman in this one.
user2: it was a good take on batman
user1: It was a bit darker - the whole damaged psyche thing.
user2: yes i think that it help the film be good
user1: I agree. And it did have lighter moments and gags so it wasn't all despair.
user2: yes
user1: Who was your favorite character?
user2: it would be  bruce i guess
user1: Yeah, that was probably a dumb question on my part. Second favorite? LOL.
user2: james gordon i always like him
user1: He's my second favorite, too. Gary Oldman portrays him perfectly.
user2: yes i like that he seems like batman side kick
user1: It could be argued that Alfred is more of a sidekick, but I see what you're saying. 
user2: yeah
user2: what did you think about the villan
user1: I had mixed feelings about the villain. He was OK, but I've liked other villains better.
user2: yeah
user2: he could have had a better motive maybe
user1: Do you think the ratings on Rotten Tomatoes, etc, were justified?
user2: yeah i think it was fine
user2: do you think it should have been less
user1: Yeah, I think so, too. They were about right on.
user1: What did you think about Rachel?
user2: i think she was pretty cool
user2: i like how they had bruce be afaid of bats at the start
user1: Yeah, and how it kind of put his parents in the position to be murdered, essentially, because he was afraid of the performers. 
user2: yes that was a sad thing 
user1: It was. It seems like superhero movies tend to have those types of beginnings. It's like Disney. LOL.
user2: yeah
user1: What did you think of the water drugging plot?
user2: thanks for the chat
user2: have a good day
user1: You, too.
user2: bye
user1: Goodbye. 

conversation:
user2: Good morning
user1: Good Morning!
user2: Have you seen this movie before?
user1: I did not get any document on it
user2: ok, so the movie in question is 'Batman Begins'
user1: yes I have seen the movie
user2: What did you think of it?
user1: I really liked it because of the actors. 
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: I have seen the film. To me it was definitely an improvement from some of the stinker Batman films of the late 90's
user1: That's so true. Those were very cheesy. This one was darker to me.
user2: It was, which is more in line with the character and comics
user2: But as you mentioned, the cast was solid, too
user1: I really like Christian Bale, although I could have done with that whispery Batman voice. Im not sure that voice was needed to cover up his identity. 
user2: Yeah, that was a little much, but otherwise, he did a great job
user1: Exactly I felt like it really made me want to see the next one. 
user2: They set up the sequel really well at the end of this film.
user1: What was your favorite aspect of the movie?
user2: I liked the transformation that Wayne took on, playing the double life and so forth, it really made clear the difficulties of maintaining the secret identity.
user2: What did you like?
user1: I would agree with that. It's  a very good point. I also always enjoy the love saga as well. I am not typically for comic book movies so adding that for me helps draw me. 
user2: Well, they really did not explore much of the relationship between Wayne and Rachel, and by the second one, she had left him for someone else
user1: Ok you know what that's where I was thinking in the second one because it's when she is with Harvey. 
user1: I thought they did a great job with all of his gadgets and devices for fighting crime. And you can't go wrong with Morgan Freeman helping with that.
user2: Morgan Freeman is awesome in every movie he is in
user2: I love the part when he gets back at Hauer's character: "Didn't you get the memo?"
user2: I crack up every time
user1: Haha yes that is a good comic relief moment in an otherwise pretty serious movie
user2: Indeed. Very serious movie, but very well made
user2: I am somewhat surprised at the ratings listed, I would have given the movie a higher score
user1: I have not looked at the ratings what did it get
user2: Rotten tomatoes had 84%, 7.7/10
user2: They do not show IMDb, which I would also use
user1: I definitely use IMDb but yeah that's a little lower than I would anticipate for that move
user1: movie
user2: Same here

conversation:
user1: Hello there.
user2: Hi!
user2: Do you like superhero movies?
user1: Yes, I like them a great deal. How about you?
user2: I do, I'm a bit surprised rotten tomatoes only gave this an 84% i thought it was a fantastic movie.
user1: Yes, I have serious one as well, and I thought it was outstanding.
user2: Metascore critic only 70/100 this was btter that a C minus movie!
user2: Cinema score got it right with an A rating at least.
user1: Gloria that's true, I thought it was a great movie, and I loved the entire cast of this one.
user2: yes, Christian Bale is the best batman in a long time!
user1: Definitely better than Afleck.
user1: Although he isn't as bad as I thought he would be.
user1: Michael Caine is a genius, and I love Liam Neeson, as well as Gary Oldman.
user2: The scene where young bruce wayne falls down the well is intense.
user1: Yes, I'm not really afraid of dark places, but that would be terrifying.
user2: Ha,. Yes nowonder Bruce is so dark!
user1: This was  great way to bring Batman back.
user2: Christopher Nolan is a favorite director of mine, love the way he explores Batmans damaged psyche.
user2: i love the transition bruce goes through after completing his training and purging his fears.
user2: his rejection of the leagues corrupt ways was a welcomed scene.
user1: Yes, I totally agree with that. It was just a great movie.
user1: Cillian Murphy was a great scarecrow...
user2: right, but what do you think about bruces journey to travel the world and confront injustice?
user1: it's very interesting, and gotham city can get tedious.
user1: i wish Bale would have stuck with it.
user1: The 3 Dark Knight films were all great.
user1: Are you still here?
user1: i might have to watch this tonight...
user2: yes
user2: I would like to re-watch it as well.
user1: Yes, it's better than the 80's and 90's films.
user2: Crane pouring his fear inducing drug into the water supply is terrifying!
user1: True, exactly what a terrorist would do.
user1: How much longer do we have do you think?
user1: i can't believe it's been nearly 13 years since this came out.
user1: it's been ten minutes since my partner posted anything...
user2: Sorry

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: Hi
user2: hi
user1: How are you?
user2: i,m fine 
user2: How are you?
user1: Did you read anything about a movie?
user1: I'm fine too
user2: yaa...2005 superhero film ...etc
user1: ok, do you which actors are in it?
user2: Christian Bale as Batman 
user1: so it's an action movie about batman?
user1: can describe the movie a little bit?
user2: it,s difficult for me 
user2: you describe something 
user1: no problem. i just want  a little bit more information
user2: about this movie 
user1: well i think this movie has a lot of action in it
user1: are you still there?

conversation:
user1: Hi
user1: I loved Batman Begins they did a really great job of bringing Batman's origin story to the screen.
user2: Sure. Me too
user1: And I thought Christian Bale was excellent as both Bruce Wayne and Batman
user2: i liked more his Bruce Performance
user2: what do you think about Liam Nelson?
user1: What was wrong with him as batman The stunts were great and his dialogue with Liam Neeson as ras a ghoul was awesome
user2: nothing wrong. I simply like more Bruce Wayne
user1: Good I was hoping you weren't one of those is voice is to raspy as batman people.
user2: I like Batman! Only I find it a bit 'too dark and then does not have super powers
user1: Yea that is batmans whole thing/ I just hate that they tried to make everyone Batman after that.
user1: Like I get it but not every character is supposed to have a tormented past. 
user1: Like having Batmans parents die in front of him to a petty criminal defines Batmans Whole character. Doing something like that to superman would just turn him in a dangerous sociopath.
user2: I agree with you. I just wish it was more powerful. You can check the radiation or teleportation. Things like these
user1: The key thing is that batman has to blame himself for the death of his parents so its not revenge but guilt that drives him
user1: I get that but his limitations is what makes him so compelling
user2: infact
user2: hi past It's scary
user1: everyone else with superpower would just kill a scary clown in 5 seconds
user2: and also his state of mind
user2: poor clown lol
user1: I think this guilt he carries is what saves him from the league of shadows.
user2: as if it were his super power
user1: Liam Neesons character is such a great reflection of Bruce Wayne because he is driven by sheer revenge. He and the league of shadows are out to take revenge on society. That is why even after being saved and trained by them when Bruce realizes there motivations he attacks then and burns down their sanctuary.
user1: His guilt has driven him to want to save society not destroy it
user2: H'is a good man
user2: ok is great
user1: The way they set it up for him to use the strengths of his enemies is great
user2: i like a lot his training
user1: The way they scarcrow as just a member of the corrupt system in the film is great.
user1: Having him work for the mob manipulating the system into moving their people out of the system and into his mental institutions
user1: I really love the way they lifted the escape scene from the Batman Year One Comic book for the escape from the mental institution.
user1: adding the extra little bit of having to get Rachel out was a nice touch and the music works so well with the visuals in that scene when the bats start swarming in. Its excellent. 
user2: was Hans Zimmer?
user1: Yes
user1: Hes so good
user2: yep
user1: great composer
user2: awesome
user1: Well thanks for the chat.
user1: Bye
user2: bye

conversation:
user2: hi
user2: What did you think of the movie?
user1: Hello there, I loved the movie! How about you?
user2: I liked it a lot. I thought Christian Bale did a great job as Batman.
user1: I agree. I also loved Michael Caine's performance too. The only character I didn't care for was Rachel, but that is a small gripe.
user2: Not a KatieHolmes fan? I thought she was OK.
user2: I think Batman needed a reboot from its previous episodes, how about you?
user1: I think she did fine, I just felt like the relationship didn't feel authentic. 
user1: And I agree, something modern was definitely needed for Batman
user1: Do you like Superhero movies?
user2: I enjoyed the journey of Bruce Wayne to Batman. ... I like some of them.
user2: How about you?
user1: That's interesting. I think Nolan's vision did a great job at uniting both comic book fans and those that aren't too into the genre. I personally love superhero movies.
user1: That scene was overall brutal to watch. I can't blame Bruce for the phobia.
user2: Ha ... Do you think the critics werefairto the movie?
user2: I think it was a little underrated.
user1: I think it should deserve a little more praise when compared to its peers.
user2: How did you like the scene when he fell in the well?
user1: Scared me a lot. It's an uncomfortable scene
user2: I don;t like tight spaces
user1: I think the second key scene is an important one for Bruce establishing his identity
user2: I agree. The League of Shadows was intense. How did you like it?
user2: And what about the fire Bruce set?
user1: It was fun. The league made the "training arc" more interesting than it had to be. It set up for the rest of the movie very well. 
user2: The fire was rather intense - did you expect that?
user1: I didn't at all. 
user2: It was cool to see Bruce transform from revenge from his parents' death to hero
user1: The drug shipment scene might be favorite. Watching him pick everyone apart felt incredible.
user1: It was fun to to watch
user2: Alfred always seems to save the day. 
user2: Did you like the part about Batman being on the run from the police?
user1: Of course he does! He is the best. Let's be honest who needs a dad when you have Alfred
user1: It was a fun scene
user2: Alfred saves the day lots of time - again after the fire at wayne manor
user1: I think Scarecrow was a great villain too
user2: I agree.
user2: One of the better ones 
user1: Honestly this movie was just full of great villains
user1: They made the movie
user2: What did you think about James Gordon? His character was so-so in my book
user1: I think he could have used more development, but was fine otherwise
user2: I guess if they spent too much time on him the movie would take 4 hours
user1: Probably, and it already felt like a longer movie
user1: I don't blame the decision at all
user2: agree. Overall a good film
user1: Agreed. I think it breathed new life into the entire genre

conversation:
user1: Have you seen Batman Begins
user2: No l haven't. 
user2: What's it about?
user1: Its very good, a very good origin movie about Batman
user2: Do you normally like movies of that nature?
user2: Who plays in the movie as Batman?
user1: I do, I love superhero movies, what about you
user1: an english actor named Christian Bale
user2: I don't care for them very much
user1: This one is more grounded, not as many special effects
user2: Never heard of him
user2: What else does he play in
user1: He was in American Hustle
user2: Hope many Batman movie were needed do you know?
user1: American Psycho
user1: Well this is one of the better batman movies, definitely has the best cast
user2: Who else is in it?
user2: Who played the joker?
user1: Morgan Freeman, Gary Oldman, Michael Caine
user2: I love Morgan Freeman
user1: The joker is in the sequel to this movie, heath ledger plays him in that movie
user2: He's played in a lot of great movies
user2: Didn't Heath die?
user1: Yes, he plays a good character
user1: he did, a few months before that movie came out too which was sad
user2: I thought that's what happened
user2: I have seen Catwoman
user2: A little bit of Batman
user1: Yeah, is in the 3rd one of these movies played by anne hathaway
user1: thats cool
user2: Just couldn't seem to start interested in it
user2: Bye have a good day!

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hello!
user2: let's talk batman begins
user1: Ok. Sound interesting.
user2: have you ever seen a batman movie?
user1: No. I never were big on comic films.
user1: I will be interested to know about what happened in this movie
user2: it was great and it has a good rating on rotten tomatos
user2: it was a darker version of batman
user2: it showed a good look at his mind too
user1: Ok. So what did Batman do? Who were his enemies?
user2: at the start it was him as a child he fell in to the well and was scared by bats
user1: Ok
user1: Being scared by bats triggered something within negatively?
user2: yes
user2: a little later his parents was killed at the movies
user2: and he was raised by his butler alfred
user1: Wow.. no wondered it was a darker side of him. 
user2: i think that is what happens at the start of most batman series 
user2: this one is sad because he tries to train to kill the guy but someone kills him first
user1: So Batman died?
user2: the robber
user1: Ok.
user1: So what else happens after that?
user2: so bruce or batman travels the world to learn how to fight crime
user1: So he is fighting? Anyone trying to take over?
user2: and train with a guy who turns out to be a a crimal and so bruce burns down the place he was traing at and kills the guy
user2: so far do you think that this is a movie you would like to see?
user1: Yeah
user1: It does sounds very interesting
user2: i don't like spoiling the whole plot 
user2: thanks for the chat
user1: You are welcome
user2: bye

conversation:
user1: Helloo
user2: Hello
user1: Hey the movie is batman vs superman
user1: How is your day going?
user2: Good, thanks. What about this movie ? did you saw it ?
user1: Yea ive seen it
user1: its about batman and superman having a duel and saving humanity
user1: christopher nolan plays batman 
user2: and, what do yo think ? Worth watching ?
user1: Do you like chris as an actor?
user1: I think so
user2: I not really like him...
user1: Not something id regularly suggest but its a good movie
user1: oh wow i got the movie wrong
user2: Sound a bit too much for my tastes, mixing those superheroes...
user1: its batman begins
user1: lol i mixed up the movies
user2: ok...let forget the beginning so haha
user1: we are supposed to talk about batman begins 
user1: Sounds good 
user2: OK, I love this character
user1: Katie holmes is in batman begins, i had no idea
user1: who batman?
user2: I have no idea haha, do you know who plays him ?
user1: christopher nolan lol
user2: Noooooo, really ?
user1: yuuup
user1: the ratings for the movie are really high
user2: Yeah ? I think it should 
user1: Micheal caine plays the butler to batman and does a great job
user1: Do you like liam neison as an actor?
user2: yup. Is he in batman begins ?
user1: Yup
user2: and who does he play ?
user1: ONe of the main characters, i forgot, and the page that told me is now gone 
user2: So i won't know more....Seems the end is near.... 
user1: What else do you want to know about the film?
user2: When what is released ?
user1: 2005
user1: Ahead of its time i believe
user2: Yeah, already a bit old... 
user2: OK, I have to leave. Thanks for the chat ;-)
user1: Its age doesnt hurt the fild
user1: yup bye!

conversation:
user1: Hello~ 
user2: Hello
user1: Do you like superhero films?
user2: I do like them for the most part.  The Marvel movies are good.  How about you?
user1: Love them! One of my favorite is Batman begins
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: I have seen it and it is definitely one of may favorites!  I love that they handle the origin story of Batman in a very realistic way.
user2: What do you like most about it?
user1: Christian Bale plays Bruce Wayne and he is wonderful! 
user2: Christian Bale does do a very convincing job of playing the part.  The emotions that he shows while regaining his abilities and life is so true
user2: Do you like Liam Neeson's portrayal of Ra's al Ghul?
user1: Yes, I like Liam a lot. My boyfriend not so much. 
user1: I didn't think the other movies touched on his fear of bats like this one
user2: I agree with the approach to a fear of bats.  They really took it back to the beginning (no pun intended) of when he started fearing bats and how he used it as a positive.
user1: Can you imagine have both of your parents murdered infront of you? How horrific! 
user2: That would be terrible!  I do like the plot line that he takes that horrible event and uses it to get stronger!
user2: I think that Michael Caine is an amazing Alfred!
user2: One of my favorite scenes is when Bruce comes back and is playing golf with the secretary in the board room.
user2: What is your favorite scene?
user1: He sure is! Batman is like the classic superhero using the bad things that happened to him to be better
user1: Probably the training scenes where you get an idea of how much inner rage he has learned to contain
user2: Yeah, I love how his psyche is damaged but he just keeps going and pushing with the revenge factor.
user1: I can't believe that movie is already 10 years old! 
user2: It is crazy that it has been around that long.  I love all of the movies in that series by Christopher Nolan!
user2: Can you believe that it only got a metacritic score of 70/100?!
user2: What would you give it?
user1: No I cant really. But it still got an A for a cenema score. I'd give a 90/100
user1: And rotten tomatoes with a 7.7/10. Thy're some tough critics
user2: Yes they are.
user2: I'm so amazed by Gary Oldman's portrayal in it.
user1: He did great. I wasnt so cure i liked Katie Holmes all the way though
user1: I'm not sure I like her in general as an actress anymore
user2: Yeah, she was ok, but not great.  She paled in comparison to the other great performances!
user2: I really liked the idea of the technology of the microwave emitter.  It was definitely believable.

conversation:
user2: Hi! I just saw the movie SuperHero. It was pretty good!
user2: Have you ever heard of it?
user1: Yeah! I really like Batman. He has a deep backstory that I feel the movie really touched on.
user2: I am sorry - Batman Begins! It is a Super Hero movie. :)
user2: Rotten Tomatoes gave it an 84 which is pretty good!
user1: All good! I think how Batman became a Super Hero was interesting. The death of his parents sparking it and all. 
user2: Definitely a great cast - I love Christian Bale. He is a phenomenal actor, who really dives in to the characters he is portraying.
user1: Yeah its got some good ratings. I think Batman is pretty popular. Its cool it was adapted from comics, admittedly I've never read any of the comics lol. Movies are a bit easier and more intense. 
user2: Yes, Batmans backstory is definitely an interesting one worth knowing!
user2: I have never read any of the comics either LOL. But I truly do enjoy a lot of the DC Comics movies!!!
user1: I think Christian Bale suited the role! He really pulled off the strong and determined Bruce Wayne. 
user2: Absolutely!
user1: I honestly love how this movie focused on his struggles with Ra's al Ghul, I like the Joker but he plays only a small role of Batman's whole story.
user2: When you think of Batman, you always think that the Joker. But this movie does not really play on that relationship.
user1: Its so interesting how Batman became the Batman when it is an animal he greatly feared. I guess it was about overcoming fears in the face of his parent's death.
user2: I think you are definitely on to something. I never really thought about that. But he truly overcame his fears and turned it into his greatest strength.
user1: I hope that doesn't mean I'll become Spiderwoman at some point lol.
user2: I guess if Bruce never asked his parents to leave the Opera... there would be no Batman! 
user2: LOL, is there a comic book Spiderwoman? If not - maybe you're the girl for the job.
user1: True. But honestly I would feel so guilty lol
user1: Oh gosh please no! I better go find a better animal to be fearful of lol.
user1: How do you feel about vigilantes? I think Batman fits that category, the whole taking justice into his own hands and not trusting in the police.
user2: So much happens while he is travelling the world, learning how to fight injustices! He is really committed to saving Gothem City. :)
user2: I think we could say that Batman is definitely a vigilante! In a good way, of course.
user2: He seems very instinctual.
user1: He is. He has a strong moral compass it seems. Even saving the enemy and giving them mercy.
user2: I guess maybe a lot of the superheroes we know are vigilantes!
user2: I trust his judgement. :)
user1: Me too, however his judgment sometimes causes issues for him lol. I think he becomes plagued over and over again because of it. But if he tried to kill his enemies (well, Gotham's enemies) then he would be just as bad as them.
user2: Maybe after going through the excruciating pain of seeing his parents killed, it is very important to him to find justice, but also have mercy when it seems fit.
user1: He walks a very fine line. It must be difficult. 
user2: That is a good point!
user1: I think he has mercy because he would've rather the person that killed his parents just take money and leave, instead of killing them. (Sorry i worded that weird lol)
user2: Yes, so true!
user2: Thank God for Pennyworth... in so many respects! 
user2: He really came through for little Bruce/Batman.
user1: Alfred is great. I think he is a major component for the creation of Batman. 
user1: If Bruce didn't have Alfred while growing up, I shudder to think of how he may have turned out.
user2: I completely agree!
user1: Alfred definitely provides so much support for Bruce, he is so much more than just a Butler. 
user2: Who is Batman without Pennyworth?
user2: He really did influence him and shape him!
user2: Well - its been nice chatting! Have a nice evening!
user1: I must be blind and do not see a code

conversation:
user1: Hello there!
user2: Hello!
user1: I've got the document this time so would you like to hear about a movie? Haha
user2: Yes I'd love to!
user2: What's the move called?
user2: *movie
user1: Have you heard of the film Batman Begins?
user2: Yes!
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: Yes, although it's been a few years since I've watched it
user1: Do you like superhero films or Batman films?
user2: I like some of them
user2: what about you?
user2: recently there's so many superhero films i've become jaded
user1: Generally, yes. Some are better then others. I would put Batman Begins in the upper 50% however.
user2: I agree!
user2: I think it's probably the best out of the trilogy 
user1: Personally I enjoyed The Dark Knight more but Batman Begins is one of the better origin story films.
user2: Yes, good origin story for sure 
user2: The dark knight was good as well
user1: The training scenes were very good and his progression into his fully realized Batman persona felt natural.
user2: Yes! I agree!
user2: I think the director made a statement with the style
user2: It set the tone for the whole superhero genre
user1: Yes, it was very in tune with Nolan's style. He seems to like the darker grittier side of the superheros.
user1: Who was you favorite actor in Begins?
user1: your*
user2: For sure - It felt like a "grown up" vs other "silly" styles from years before
user2: Oh I forget his name
user1: Who did he play in the film?
user2: Alfred
user2:  Michael Caine!
user2: Great actor
user2: What about you?
user1: Yes, he's honestly one of the best parts of the trilogy. 
user2: yes! for sure
user1: I also enjoyed Liam Neeson and Gary Oldman.
user2: Caine is such an interesting actor to watch
user2: Oh yes!
user2: Gary Oldman was great
user2: Did you enjoy the soundtrack?
user1: A good cop in a corrupt precinct was a very nice way to play him.
user1: I did, it was very fast paced and kept you engaged.
user1: And it looks like we're done
user1: Good talking with you!
user2: Cool!
user2: Likewise

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hey. Batman Begins is a pretty good movie
user2: I have never seen it! Who are some of the actors?
user1: Christian Bale is in, he plays Batman. Also Liam Neeson, Gary Oldman. Some really good actors.
user2: Sounds like a high quality cast. 
user2: When did the movie come out?
user1: It came out in 2005.
user2: Fantastic. What is your favorite part of the movie?
user1: I really liked how they told the origin story, towards the beginning, it set up the movie well.
user2: Is it scary?
user1: I would say more dramatic than scary.
user2: Does Christian Bale make a good Batman?
user1: I would say most people think so. It got really high ratings on Metacritic and Rotten Tomatoes.
user2: Rotten tomatoes is usually pretty reliable. 
user2: The movie seems pretty long, does it feel that way when you watch it?
user1: Not really. You're immersed in the story. I really liked how they told me about how Batman became Batman. I never knew the story.
user2: Does it do a good job of explaining what happened to his parents also?
user1: Yeah. In the movie Bruce Wayne is a kid and he is scared of bats. He goes to a play and the actors are pretending to be bats. So he wants to leave. And outside, his parents are mugged and killed in front of him and he ends up getting raised by the family butler.
user2: So overcoming his fear of bats is why he is Batman?
user1: Well sort of. After a while, the guy who murdered his parents gets out of jail because he testified against a mob boss. Bruce Wayne plans to get revenge on the guy but the mob bosses henchman kill the guy first.
user2: That sounds crazy! So the vengeance on parent-murderer is his real motivation to become a justice-seeker?
user1: Yeah it definitely is the start of it. He then gets yelled at by his friend who is a district attorney. She tells him his parents would be ashamed if they knew he was trying to become a vigilante. So he travels the world to learn how to confront injustice.
user2: That's awesome! Then he has an entire arsenal of ways to defeat bad guys! 
user2: Does he have any sidekicks?
user1: Well he gets arrested on his trip and gets taught by the guy who is leading the League of Shadows, which is a group he thinks is out for good in the world.
user2: Who would arrest Batman??
user1: Well he wasn
user1: t
user1: quite Batman yet
user1: He was arrested for stealiung
user1: stealing*
user2: Naughty Bruce Wayne.
user2: Is Robin in this one?
user1: No. Then he finds out the League intends to destroy Gotham. He ends up saving his mentor after an accident and leaves the League He returns to Gotham and becomes Batman.
user1: He starts to fight crime and ends up finding out that his mentor in the league actually ran the League and was the one who wanted to destroy Gotham.
user1: It's pretty crazy.

conversation:
user1: hows it goin
user2: Hi
user1: have you seen batman begins?
user2: I have but it has been some time. I enjoy Christian bale
user1: me too
user1: easily one of my favorite actos
user1: @actors
user2: He really takes on roles 
user1: yeah and plays them well too
user1: i loved him in american psycho
user2: I  just rewatched that last week it is so well done
user2: Batman is a little light role for him dc comics and all
user1: I was incredibly well done
user1: I cant really compare it to the val kilmer batmans
user1: I liked that this one was totally different
user1: lots of suspense
user2: early Val Kilmer is so much fun
user2: This Batman was drier but still good
user2: I liked the way they introduced us to him as a child
user2: Darker not drier
user1: I agree
user1: It the earlier batmans where more "comic booky"
user1: I loved dark night
user1: heath ledger played an INCREDIBLE batman
user1: crap joker
user2: Yea that was spellbinding 
user1: He literally slayed
user2: Very true
user1: I believe heath ledger was a method actor
user1: slays his role
user1: But yeah, batman begins had a nice dark  feel
user1: really drives the underground vifilante nature of batman
user2: He was he liked to do. Ton of prep work before filming started
user1: It was like batman for adults
user2: Yea I am not sure what there doing with the New Batman I just lake bales darker look in to himself and bane
user1: I have not seen any since The Dark Knight Rises
user2: I didn’t remember Katie homes so much maybe it was just bale over shadowed her
user2: You not misssing to much
user1: I remeber her simply because shes my type lol
user2: Lol she is beautiful. 
user1: but yeah, I do agree christian bales performance really does over shadow everyone else
user1: and agreed  hrnnng
user2: Lol you have a wonderful day
user1: same
user1: take care

conversation:
user1: 84% on Rotten Tomatoes is a great score.
user2: I loved this movie! I thought Christian Bale did an excellent job portraying a highly disturbed batman.
user2: It got a good metascore rating as well
user1: I loved the storyline of how Bruce Wayne becomes Batman.
user2: I loved how they finally explored batmans origins, the story of how and why he became batman
user1: The comic-book/real people type of movie like Batman Begins is super interesting.
user2: I thought it added a lot of authenticity to the story anx made sense of a lot of things
user1: It kind of pulled everything together to make a solid story plot.
user2: I love the comic book movies, they are so cool
user2: The other batman movies never explained why he became batman, abd i like that this one did
user1: Batman is such a silent but superhero character
user2: He was always m favorite superhero
user1: Much better than the newer Batman movie
user2: Alfred was always such an important supporting character for batman, kind of a mentor and parent rolled into one
user2: I think without Alfred he never would have become batman, or been as successful as he was
user1: I agree. Alfred really gave Batman support to be who he was
user2: It is a bit odd that he had a phobia of bats, but i suppose it supports the tormented psyche angle
user1: His psyche is extremely important to keep him as his own character
user2: I do think batman was always one of the more honorable superheros, and more realistic and believable
user1: He doesn't have any major powers, which makes me feel more relatable to him
user2: Oh, and the bat symbol, i always really loved the bat symbol. That definitely helped make him popular.
user1: Especially since it is sent into the sky as a symbol
user2: Exactly, hes more like a regular human choosing to do what he does, opposed to superman or spiderman
user1: I was surprised that they didn't give him powers like the other
user2: Sending it into the sky makes it more powerful, i think
user2: I like that theynd
user2: I like that they didnt give him superpowers though, it makes him different from the rest of them
user1: When Falcone is put into the Arkham Asylum he was insane
user2: Definitely insane, but he did a good job of accurately portraying insanity
user2: And once again, Alfred saves him, in more ways than one
user1: Yes, I was glad that they didn't make it seem like something its not
user2: Overall, i thought it was a really good movie
user1: I would definitely watch it a few more times

conversation:
user2: Hi. How is it going?
user1: Good.  How are you?
user2: I'm reading about Batman Begins. It is a very good movie.
user1: I enjoyed it also. Do you know who played Alfred in that one?
user2: Micheal Caine
user2: He did a really good job.
user2: I enjoyed Morgan Freeman also but he is amazing in all of his work.
user1: That's right.  I thought he was great.  He is the best Alfred.  I agree about Morgan Freeman as well.
user1: The critics thought that the movie explored Batman's damaged psyche.  What do you think?
user2: I have to say so. The insight they provide about how he became Batman was eye opening. It was really sad to see him lose his parents like that.
user2: Stuff like that really makes a person question their purpose in life. 
user1: I agree.  I can see why it led to Batman pursuing a life of crime fighting.
user1: Can you see page 2?  My page is blank.
user2: Mine is blank also
user1: Okay so I wonder what we're supposed to exchange messages about?
user2: Lol not quite sure..
user2: What did you think about Katie Holmes performance?
user1: I think she was an appropriate love interest, but her acting was just okay.
user2: I agree. It seems like she holds back on her emotions. Very dull
user1: My second paragraph just came up
user2: mine also
user1: I didn't remember the part about the swarm of bats.  
user2: Oh yeah, he fell in the well and a ton of bats were swarming him. He was initially afraid of them.
user2: The scene when they blow the powder in his face and he starts seeing things... that was pretty wicked. 
user1: I believe the fear of bats is what led him to leave the opera where his parents were murdered.
user2: Oh really? I did not see that part. I remembered he was scared but forgot what the play  was about.
user1: The powder scene was very scary.  I cannot believe they had an antidote.
user2: I forgot how long the movie was there were a lot of scenes and changes of events.
user1: Alfred is such a hero in the movie, constantly saving Bruce
user2: I cannot believe his mansion burnt down in flames
user2: Love Alfred, he is the backbone
user1: I know the fire scene was horrible.
user2: It was really sad because it was his parents' house right?
user1: I think so.  The bad guys work so harder at being bad.  The effort could be used for something good with a lot more success.
user1: What do you think of the character of Sgt. Gordon?
user2: exactly but some would rather be evil for their own personal gain than to help others
user2: I like him also but I felt bad for him. He seems to be dismissed often as a key player in Batman
user1: I agree.  He was one of the few honest people in it for the right reasons.
user2: Didn't they try to cut off Gotham from the surrounding cities by raising the draw bridge?
user1: I think so.  Do you think we are done?  Have we submitted enough turns?
user2: I am not sure.. it seems like it has been awhile but it isnt cutting off
user1: I counted 18 turns on my side and you have at least that many.
user1: Let's give it one more exchange.
user2: okay sounds good 
user1: I think it is very sad that Bruce thought about killing Chill.  That would have made him "dark" also.
user2: I know.. but I'm glad he prevailed 
user1: Yes.  I agree.
user1: I'm going to push finish conversation now.  Have a good afternoon.
user2: you too! nice talking to you!

conversation:
user2: Have you seen Batman Begins?
user1: Love The Batman series. But cant remember actor.
user2: THis is a Christian bale movie
user1: Very cool I like Robins character too.
user2: He did a good job in this one. Batman was a tortured character in this one. 
user2: Do you like superhero movies?
user1: Yes have you seen Black panter?
user2: No, been too busy for that one. But I will see it eventually.
user1: I want to see this soon too. Is Batman part of the same series
user2: Do you care about ratings when you choose movies?
user1: No all my children are grown so no worries
user2: I hear you. Big Avengers movie coming soon too.
user1: is it liberty wars or civil wars
user2: Neither. I don't know the name of it.
user1: LOL Infinity wars I think
user2: Oh, yeah. Maybe it will be good depending on who the villian is.
user1: thanos is bad to the bone
user2: We will see. The preview I've seen so far looks wonderful.
user1: what is your favorite superhero movie
user2: I guess spiderman.
user1: Thor is pretty cool
user2: He is. His movies have been very good.
user1: Ragnorock was WOW
user2: I missed that, but I will see it eventually.
user1: The new spiderman looks like hes going to be funny
user2: Maybe
user1: When did Batman Begins come out
user2: 2005
user1: Cool you have alot of Batman knowledge?
user2: Not really. 

conversation:
user2: Hello! Have you seen Batman begins?
user1: No, I have not. What is it about?
user2: It starts out giving you background on a young boy. His parents are murdered.
user2: Which then builds up to him becoming Batman.
user1: That sounds interesting! This already sounds like my type of movie!
user2: It is good. Full of lots of action!
user1: What types of characters are in the movie?
user2: I like the newer one with the Joker!
user2: Bruce Wayne is Batman. He has a friend, who is is butler I guess. But he helps him out a lot. 
user1: Which actor plays Batman in this movie?
user2: Christian Bale I believe.
user1: I love Christian Bale. He is a decent actor. Do you think this movie is appropriate for kids?
user1: Under the age of 18?
user2: It depends on the kid really. 
user2: My nephew loved it at four.
user2: But he is obsessed with Batman.
user1: Is there a lot of violence in the movie?
user2: Children who are easily frightened probably shouldn't watch it. 
user1: Or is it mostly action based?
user2: They do fight. But it isn't graphic at all.
user1: That's good to know. Can you tell me more about Batman?
user2: It's more action. Could be frightening, but I wouldn't say scary. 
user2: He is a superhero based on a comic book character.
user1: What about the villains? Which villains are in this movie?
user2: In this movie Batman is trying to stop Ra's al Ghul and the Scarecrow.
user1: This movie sounds really good. I'm really interested in seeing it. Could you tell me some more about the movie?
user1: If you have to give it a star rating, how many stars would you give it?
user1: Do you recommend that I see it?
user2: It has been a while since I have seen it. But Batman is a superhero that I believe many fear could be a villain. 
user2: He is dark because of his past.
user1: Because of his parents being murdered?
user2: I would give it a 4 or a 4.5
user2: Yes. That was very traumatic for him because it happened right in front of him.
user2: I think the movie with the Joker was even better though.
user1: Sounds great, I think I will look them up and watch the movies. Thank you for your help!
user2: It was freaky, but good. The acting was incredible. 
user2: Yes, definitely worth the time.
user1: It sounds like you recommend I see them. :)
user2: Batman is a classic!
user2: And I think out of all the super hero movies that they have made, Batman is by far the best!!

conversation:
user2: Hi have you seen Batman Begins?
user1: Yeah it's pretty good. Have you?
user2: Yea but it has been awhile. I like Christian Bale as Batman 
user1: I think he's better than Ben Affleck, though I can't say why.
user2: Ah the comic book help write this darker batman. But ben Affleck seem to do well as the older batman
user2: helped* 
user2: It looks like it good reviews. Rotten Tomatoes had it at 84% that not to bad
user1: I don't know, I still like Bale better, though I haven't read the comic books. Maybe if I did I could like affleck, I mean he's not terrible. 
user1: And not to be a buzz kill I just don't put much stock in rotten tomatoes after the last jedi. 
user2: i know i think i struggle to believe the guy from Kevin smith movies  could be this super hero. (however i love kevin smith)
user2: i agree with you on that
user1: Kevin smith's a good guy. I wonder where they'll go with batman after justice league. 
user2: Christian bale is a method actor who will put his body thru whatever to fit the role which is very impressive. at first i thought you liked batman better as ben. 
user2: i don't know wonder woman is where the money is at.
user2: Batman begin was one of the best and darkest starts of his movies 
user1: No I like bale better, but I can't say why. And they definitely will make more wonder woman movies.
user2: He became his role so well at least thats why i like him. 
user2: as i look over the info about batman begins i had forgotten that Katie holmes was in the movie
user1: Christopher Nolan probably was a big part of why I liked it. Also I think I'm doing my part of the converstation wrong according to the instructions. 
user1: oh well 
user2: it is okay we got this!  
user2: Now i see who Katie holmes is a in this movie
user2: she played Rachel 
user1: yeah she was replaced by maggie gyllenhal in the dark knight
user2: yea i think you are right. i guess she was like the DA or ADA i think in the movie
user1: She was involved with law, but I can't remember exactly how.
user2: let me see if i can find it. 
user2: she  was bruce's freind as a kid and then she was the ADA.
user1: Ok
user1: I don't remember her character in any of the other batman movies. 
user1: Like they keep bringing mary jane back in the spiderman movies
user2: yea me either. that is a good parallel 
user2: however i do remember  this Alfred as  michael caine. 
user2: i really enjoyed him in that role
user1: Yeah he was perfect for that role.
user2: He played a good father role and seemed like he could  help Bruce as Batman. in this one i think he saved batman.
user1: i think you're right, he did something during the fire. 

conversation:
user1: hi!
user2: Hello! Have you ever seen Batman Begins?
user1: I'm not sure, is that the one that came out in 2008?
user2: No, it actually came out in 2005
user1: Oh, then I definitely didn't see it. Who's in it?
user2: It was one of the Christopher Nolan films. Christian Bale plays Batman and there's also Michael Caine, Liam Neeson, Katie Holmes, and Gary Oldman as the other main characters.
user2: Morgan Freeman is in it too
user1: I love Christopher Nolan films, and Christian Bale. Do you know if Cilian Murphy was in it, too?
user1: I think he was the scarecrow in another Batman franchise movie, not sure if it was that one.
user2: Me too! I totally agree. And yes, Cillian Murphy is listed in the info but I am not sure what he plays
user2: Oh okay
user1: Ah. Well I would definitely see it if he's in it, he's my #1 celeb crush :)
user1: How long is the movie?
user2: Ohhhh that guy! (I just googled him) Yes he is scarecrow. 
user2: I am not sure, it's pretty long, but doesn't say exactly how long in the document
user1: Haha so dreamy. He had a cameo in one of the more recent Batman movies
user1: Yeah I feel like Nolan films are always a little long. Usually like to wait until they're available OnDemand to watch them at home.
user2: Yeah they are usually about two and a half hrs or more. Moving back to info in the document though, I like how in Batman Begins Ra's al Ghul plays a big part (Liam Neeson). Kind of a weird name, huh
user2: He trains Batman to conquer his fears.
user1: That is a weird name. I only know Liam Neeson from the Taken movies. So it sounds like he plays a good guy?
user2: Kind of. He leads the League of Shadows. I think he is kind of a bad guy but a good guy in the sense that he helps Batman to become Batman
user1: Got it, I remember that from Dark Night Rises. 
user1: Katie Holmes doesn't appear in that movie, does she die in Batman Begins?
user2: No, Batman saves her. We aren't supposed to discuss what isn't in the document but Rachel is just played by someone different because Tom Cruise got jealous of Katie Holmes kissing Batman, apparently. Anyways, we do have a new paragraph to discuss. 
user2: It's about the events with the Scarecrow and the havok he reaks on Gotham.
user1: Wow that's super interesting, thanks for sharing even though we're not allowed :) I'll have a hard time talking about the scarecrow/havoc not having seen the movie. I didn't get a document, either
user1: But I think scarecrow poisons the NYC water mains, right?
user2: That's where it shares Ra's al Ghul is in on the plan to use a drug the Scarecrow makes to create mass hysteria (so he is a bad guy, actually!)
user1: Ahhh gotcha. Yep, definitely bad lol
user2: Gotham is the city it takes place in, and yes he puts the drug in the water.
user2: It causes people to go crazy with fear
user2: A hallucinogen that makes people see scary stuff
user1: Interesting. I feel like mass paranoia is always the ploy of a Batman villain 
user1: Not necessarily violence, but psychological torture 
user2: That does kinda seem like a long standing theme, especially with the joker story....
user2: Yeah if you haven't seen Batman Begins, you definitely should.
user1: Oh I totally will. Love Cillian Murphy, love Katie Holmes. Great cast all around
user1: Looks like we filled the requirements, it was nice chatting with you
user2: Yup, they cast the perfect people for every role, I think. Couldn't have done any better.
user2: Did we? Awesome! Nice chatting with you as well. Have a great day!
user1: Thanks, have a great weekend!

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hello
user1: Did you get a document about a movie?
user2: Yes, I got the Document on Batman Begins.
user1: Great! I am supposed to determine if I should watch it?
user1: Can you tell me about it?
user2: yea, This thing is weird so to make it easy. If you haven't you should because other than the fact if you like DC you'll watch it either way but still, it's a good movie. It tells the back story of Bruce Wayne's side and journey from when his parents died to him becoming batman and his motives behind the creation of the Cape Crusader. It really lets you dive in to the psychological side of what Bruce believed and how he saw life after he lost his parents while at the same side trying not only to help gotham become the city he once thought it was but to also avenge and rebuilt the Wayne name in his parents vision for them to make Gotham City a better place. It also lets you see the light and dark side behind his mind and the villians who try to teach him even the best people can have the darkest intentions
user1: That sounds good. Is it a good action movie?
user2: It is, plenty of action but not too much like a transformers movie. A good mix of action and story so you're not completely thrown off
user1: Who are the main villains in the movie?
user2: there are several villains but they are mostly appearances of some well known villians but for the movie the MAIN villis is Ra
user2: Ra's al Ghul played by Liam Neeson
user1: Is there any romance in the movie?
user2: There is a hint of romance Between Bruce Wayne (Christian Bale) and his childhood friend (forgot the name but shes played by Katie Holmes). Though their relationship isn't so much romance at is a very close bond that has the potential for romance
user1: Ok. Would you still recommend the movie to someone who doesn't like action movies genre's?
user2: I would because even if you don't like action, the storyline is good and you get to see through bruce's point of view how he became batman. So if action isn't for you, the story is interesting to follow
user1: Thats good. I think I will watch it. Is the joker in batman begins?
user2: no BUT the ending does hint at hims coming in the second movie, The Dark Knight
user2: and YOU WILL LOVE HIM
user1: That sounds awesome. Is robin in the i
user1: in the movie?
user2: no, unfortunately no movie since George Clooney was batman has introduced robin yet
user1: What is the best part of the movie?
user2: in my opinion the best part is when bruce is training in the mountains, especially in a scene where he is being taught to use fear as part of his technique rather than let it hold him back
user1: ok cool. any other recommendations for watching the movie?
user1: Like the actors?
user2: depends if you like Christian Bale, Katie Holmes, Liam Neeson Michael Caine or Gay Oldman
user2: all great actors
user2: and if you've ever seen Christian Bale in American Psycho then i really suggest it because the way he portrays himself in that movie to the people he must interact vs. the way his mind really functions is almost similar to Batman from the way he must play the part of the suave and well mannered businessman during the day and to the eye of the public but then to shift almost into an entirely different person when he becomes batman who is both vengeful and yet righteous
user2: it's fascinating
user1: that does sound fascinating
user1: It is always better when you have great actors
user1: Is there a strong female actor? Or is the focus on batman?
user2: yep, in my personal opinion, the best actors are Liam Neeson, Micheal Caine, and Gary Oldman, i'm such huge fans of their work. Especially Gary Oldman when he plays Dracula in the 1992 Bram Stoker's Dracula which also has Keanu Reeves and Winona Ryder
user2: The movie is more focused on batmanb
user2: ut there are a few moments where Katie holmes proves her strong side in her determination to bring down criminals the legal way
user1: Thats great
user1: Is there any comments about the movie you would like to share?
user2: none that i can think of, i think i'm satisfied in the points i've made
user1: Thank you. I think we have met the task requirement with our discussion .
user2: same here
user2: have a nice day~!
user1: You too

conversation:
user1: hello!
user2: hi
user1: how are you doing?
user2: fine
user2: have you watch batman
user1: yes I have. did you?
user2: yes
user1: how did you find it?
user1: did you enjoy it?
user1: are you still there?
user2: i like that Batman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
user2: The character was created by artist Bob Kane and writer Bill Finger, and first appeared in Detective Comics
user2: 2005 released
user2: hello
user2: r u there
user1: hey
user1: did you enjoy a character in particular?
user1: this is laggy... don't know why
user2: yes
user1: did you enjoy christian bale's performance?
user2: all character perform well
user2: yes
user1: what do you think of his phobia of bats being the cause of his parents death?
user2: of course
user2:  you dont?
user2: i think its natural
user2: u know the character's 
user1: I liked it very much. Bale, Caine and Oldman were very good. Neeson was a step below, and I don't like katie holmes very much.
user2: A young Bruce Wayne (Christian Bale) travels to the Far East, where he's trained in the martial arts by Henri Ducard (Liam Neeson), a member of the mysterious League of Shadows.
user1: why do you think that bruce tried to save gotham from the league of shadows? he left the city because of the corruption caused by falcone...
user2: After training with his mentor, Batman begins his fight to free crime-ridden Gotham City from the corruption that Scarecrow and the League of Shadows have cast upon it.
user1: he should hate Gotham for what it did to his family and him
user1: and it's funny that he saved Ducard, and then he turned out to be the real ras al gul
user2: yes
user1: do you think that there are any similarities between bale's performance as batman and his other roles?
user1: yes? no? maybe?
user1: you just need to reply a couple more times
user2: yes
user1: hurray! have a nice day!
user2: i know
user2: nice talk with you

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: hi
user2: you like batman?
user1: love
user2: haha great
user1: yeah
user1: batman begins is the best
user2: yesss
user1: christian bale so good
user2: yeahhh
user2: liam neeson also
user1: true
user2: chris nolan did a good job
user1: yes
user2: great director
user1: yeah
user2: i like michael caine too
user1: yes
user1:  me too
user2: it's a good story
user1: yes
user2: "comfortably mix the tormented drama and revenge motifs with light hearted gags andcomic book allusions,"s who sign up to make them, have no evident motive beyond theirown aggrandizement."
user1: so deep
user2: Rotten Tomatoes: 84% and average: 7.7/10
user1: niice
user2: Metacritic Score: 70/100
user1: pretty good
user2: yes
user1: u like katie holmes?
user2: not bad
user2: i forgot she was in it lol

conversation:
user2: Hi
user2: Have you seen the movie?
user1: Hi, this movie got good reviews.
user1: Yes, I have seen it.
user2: Thoughts?
user1: It's well made with great actors.
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: Yes. It's been a while, but I remember enjoying the psychological element that Nolan brings to the film
user1: The meta critic score was the lowest of the three, do you agree with that score or would you place it higher?
user2: A bit higher. I'd probably put it in the 80s. What about you?
user1: I'd put it in the 80's as well.  Do you have a favorite actor or actress in this movie?
user2: I like Cillian Murphy. You?
user1: I love Morgan Freeman.  Are you a fan of the batman superhero?
user2: I like that he doesn't have superpowers but uses technology to help him fight crime. 
user2: do you connect with batman?
user1: Yea, he's an interesting character.
user2: Do you like any other batman movies more?
user1: I noticed in the critical response section that some people thought it was hype to explore his psyche, did you find that to be true as well?
user1: Yes, I like the others as well.
user2: I understand that. They played that up quite a bit, but I thought the themes about justice and violence were interesting.
user2: you?
user1: I liked that they explored where his head was at, it worked for me.
user2: Cool.
user2: What about those 90s batman movies?
user1: How terrifying would it be to fall down a well, like what happens to Bruce?
user1: The earlier movies were good.
user2: Pretty scary.
user1: Yea, it made his phobia of bats understandable.
user2: True that.
user2: He's gotta get over that shit though.
user1: Probably so.
user1: Did you like the plot of this one?
user2: Yes, the conflict between Ducard and Wayne about how to confront the depravity of the world is compelling.
user1: I thought the fear inducing drug was interesting, lots of places to go with that.
user1: Do you like Christopher Nolan?

conversation:
user2: Pal
user1: Hello
user2: you were going to tell me about a movie last time out
user2: I am here
user1: Have you seen Batman?
user2: Not really dude
user2: What about it ?
user1: Christian Bale starred as Bruce Wayne, AKA Batman
user1: It was pretty good
user2: Oh
user1: The critics gave it a 7.7 out of 10
user2: What genre please?
user2: thats a good rating
user1: Its a superhero film based on the DC Comic books
user2: I see
user2: So who directed the movie
user2: and what year was it made?
user1: This movie tells the origin story of Bruce Wayne from the death of his parents to his journey to become batman
user1: It came out in 2005
user1: Directed by Christopher Nolan
user2: Ok
user1: Bruce Wayne grew up with a few of bats 
user1: and saw his parents murdered in an alley
user2: really? you mean Bats 
user1: sorry a fear of bats
user2: ok 
user1: fourteen years after his parents death, the guy who killed them gets out of jail and Bruce sets out to kill him
user1: But someone else got to him first
user2: hmm
user2: that seem to be a revenge mission
user1: Yeah it was.
user2: and would you say he was sucessful at the end?
user1: But this villain named Falcone killed the guy first 
user2: You mean killed Batman
user1: No.
user1: He killed the guy that killed Batman's parents
user1: Batman wanted to kill him, but Falcone did
user2: Alright that would have been a sour pill
user2: I get you now
user2: would you recommend such film to someone like me?
user1: So then Batman intercepts a drug shipment of Falcones and gets Falcone arrested. 
user2: because I love action packed mpovies
user1: Yeah, it was pretty good,
user1: There is a good amount of action in it
user2: ok go on, I am feeling the movie already
user1: not bloody or gory, but there is a lot of fighting.
user2: I love that 
user2: maybe I would make time out to see it

conversation:
user2: Hi!
user1: Hey there!
user1: Any particular superhero movie that you dig?
user2: I like DC superheroes.
user1: Good to know! Are you a fan of Christopher Nolans Batman Trilogy???
user2: Of course! Theyre the best!
user1: I know right, well the movie I'm about to talk about is the first one, Batman Begins.
user2: Ohh its been a while since I have watched that.
user1: Well to refresh your memory. The film reboots the Batman Film series so we go way back to the earliest days of Batman, basically telling the story of how Bruce Wayne became Batman, and he goes in to fight and stop Ra's Al Ghul and Scarecrow from destroying Gotham.
user2: Oh right right! Now I remember, theres the scene where Batman basically got owned by Scarecrow right? And he almost got burnt.
user1: Yes thats one scene. Good thing you still remember some parts of it lol.
user2: Of course, like I said I love DC movies haha.
user1: Good to know lol.
user2: What was the rating again in Rotten Tomatoes for the movie?
user1: 84% and an average of 7.7/10 which to me is very impressive.
user2: Ohh it should be more than that!
user1: IKR? hahaha
user2: Yeah, care to tell me or refresh me some other scenes?
user1: Ohh remember that scene when Bruce Wayne wanted to murder Chill, the guy who killed Bruce' parents? And basically Rachel Dawes just slaps Batman, haha.
user2: A little bit lol, I still remember Liam Neeson being in the movie though.
user1: Right, he's the main villain in the movie.
user2: Oh right, hes Ras Al Ghul. So do you think I should watch the movie again?
user1: Of course!
user1: Since you said its been awhile since you have seen the movie so I would recommend it because its Christopher Nolans work and youre a fan of DC.
user2: Well, can't argue with that really, thank you so much for the good movie recommendation, I'm still trying to recall other good scenes lol.
user1: There's a scene where Scarecrow scares the shit out of Falcone using his hallucinogen.
user1: That was funny hahaha.
user2: Haha, i'm trying to recall but I'm pretty sure that scene would be bad ass at the same time.
user1: Yeah, great actors in the movie really throughout the trilogy.
user2: Right right.
user1: From Christian Bale to Gary Oldman to Michael Caine!
user2: Right? lol, thanks again!
user1: Lol sure.

conversation:
user2: hello. i think we should talk about a movie
user1: Yes. What did you think of Christian Bale as Batman in the new Movie Batman Begins?
user2: Ok, i haven't seen this Batman movie yet. Was it good?
user1: I saw parts of it. I wasn't really keen on Christian Bale as Batman. Much preferred some of the others.
user1: I'm also not crazy about Superhero movies. 
user1: This particular Batman was more gloom and doom than the others.
user2: Is this a new movie or the 2005 movie? 
user1: It's the 2005 with Christian Bale.
user1: This one starts with the death of Bruce Waynes parents.
user2: Oh ok. In general i like Cristian Bale very much. 
user2: I think he is a great actor
user1: He is a good actor, but I'm not sure I like his real personality and that kinda seeps into the character with me. 
user1: This movie also shows how bats evolved into Bruce Waynes life.
user1: He was attacked by a swarm of bats as a kid and actually had a phobia of them.
user2: Ok. Maybe i have seen the movie many years ago, but i don't remember much details at the moment...
user2: ANy other famous actors participating?
user1: Batman begins follows how his parents died. 
user1: It has Michael Caine in it. How do you like him as an actor?
user1: It also has Liam Neeson which is someone I really like as an actor.
user1: Some others are Morgan Freeman and Katie Holmes. 
user2: Ok yes. A good casting. Some pretty good actors.
user1: Yes. Batman Begins was billed as the reboot movie for the Batman series. I guess because they hadn't had one in a while.
user2: Have you watched also the dark knight rises? i have heard it was better
user1: I've not seen that one. But Batman Begins is a good one to watch if you really want to know about how he got into the whole Batman superhero business.
user2: ok thx for the information
user1: Little Bruce Wayne fell into a drywell and was attacked by bats.
user2: how long is the movie?
user1: So he grew up afraid of bats.
user1: I think it was a couple of hours. Maybe a little less.
user1: The interesting thing about Bruce is the reason he became Batman.
user2: ok. i will give it a watch in my free time 
user1: His biological parents were kills as they left an opera where the performers were wearing bat masks.
user1: So he was scared of the opera performer and his parents were killed right outside of the opera house as they were leaving right in front of Bruce Wayne.
user2: does any other famous enemies of batman appear in the movie...?
user2: like jokker?
user1: This mostly focuses on before he became Batman and why.
user2: oh ok then
user1: Falcone is the villain in this one.
user2: anyway i will give it a try. thx
user1: Your welcome.

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: hello
user2: the movie is Batman Begins
user1: sounds like another batman movie
user1: can you tell me more about it
user2: well the movie is directed by Christopher Nolan who has directed many other films and has a RT score of 84%.It is about the rigin of Batman on his journey of becoming the dark knight as he fights to stop Ra's al Ghul and the scarecrow from plunging Gotham into chaos
user1: it sounds like a really good movie
user1: highly scored
user1: have you seen it?
user2: I have seen it many times and enjoy the scenes within it like seeing how Bruce Wayne has trouble jugging his other half with his biollionaire persona and how it effects his personal relationships
user1: would you say it's a reboot of the series?
user2: I would say it is a reboot to try to make it more grounded.Most if not all the shots were filmed with the intention that they would be possible in everyday life especially equiptment.
user1: it sounds like a well done movie, i am a general fan of Nolan as well
user2: one of the best scenes is when bruce is a child and he falls down into a dry well and is attacked by a swarm of bats.And he ends up having a phobeia of these creatures.It is this phobeia that he saw the day his parents get killed and why they had to leaves the theater.And a mugger joe chill murders his parents in front of him.Leaving bruce to be raised by alfred
user1: he had a pretty tough life it seems
user2: yea mostly because it seemed it felt like he felt it was his fault his parents died.
user1: which is what made him want to do good for the world
user1: i think it sounds like a great movie i should definitely watch
user2: yea it is pretty great  it also instills the reason he does not use guns.
user1: that definitely makes it more interesting
user2: But during the film chill is freed and he intends to kill this person because he has vengence in his heart to right a wrong.But before he can someone else kills him
user1: is it a long movie/
user2: it is pretty standard length wise since it is an origin films it has a deep story to try and establish the Batman character.
user1: that's good, are there any sequels to the movie?
user2: there is,it is a trilogy and this one mainly does with Ra's  since bruce almost became part of the league but decided not to because he did not like their ways
user1: that's good that there is a planned ending, instead of adding useless sequels
user2: like in one scene duccard returns at bruces party and reveals himself as Ras.He plans to vaporize gothams water supply rendering cranes drug airborne and causing mass hysteria that would destroy the city.
user1: pretty evil plot
user2: it is a pretty intense one that surrounds batmans big first take down against his mentor while also dealing with the scrarcrow who used the spray on falcone making him unfit for a trial that he was needed for.
user1: i definitely need to watch this movie now, i have just added it to my list of things i should watch
user1: the story sounds like it will really pull me in
user2: that is good it is a good super hero movie with a deep story.
user1: thanks again
user2: no problem

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: Hi there
user1: what kind of movies did you like?
user2: The movie Batman Begins received a 84% on Rotten Tomatoes. Interestingly it received an A on CinemaScore
user2: Adventure movies
user1: but i like batman movie.
user1: ir is good story...
user1: great !!
user2: That's awesome let's talk about the movie on the left.
user2: I think Christian Bale is a great choice to play Bruce Wayne known as Batman.
user2: What do you think?
user1: i like @akira movie..
user1: Akira Sharma (Sonakshi Sinha) is your average Jane from Jodhpur. Early in life she sees an atrocity committed on a neighbour and learns to defend herself. And, a spitfire is born.
user1: yes yes!!
user1: mostly i like anime movies.
user2: In the first scene, Bruce Wayne falls into a dry well and was attacked by bats. 
user1: oops!! in that scene i really feel scared about it.
user2: Then his parents were murdered by a mugger named Joe Chill. 
user1: yes!
user2: Who is this mugger? 
user1: I heard that the Bat got him." ... Eddie and his partner, Nick mugged a tourist family. He was at least partially remorseful for their crime, especially when Nick turned his gun on Jimmy.
user2: Scene 2 Bruce burned down the temple.
user2: Why?
user1: i don't know
user2: So Ra's al Ghul is killed here.
user2: Wonder who this guy is.
user2: Revenge of his parents?
user1: Wonder Woman is an Amazonian Princess with abilities bestowed to her by the Gods. She is a member of the Justice League and occasionally flirts with Batman
user2: Next scene
user1: oh
user2: Batman intercepts a drug shipment.
user2: He helps Rachel
user2: Crane is a bad actor he claims to work for Ra's al Ghul
user1: but i like crane
user2: Who is Scarecrow?
user1: epic sctor
user2: I see
user2: I think we are done. 

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: hello!
user1: Have you seen Batman Begins?
user2: no I haven't ever seen it
user1: Its really good
user1: it has Christian Bale as one of its main actors
user1: his Batman 
user2: yeah it seems like a must watch since it goes over the origin story
user1: Yeah, its definetely a must watch
user1: it has a great director as well
user2: yeah I hear Christopher Nolan is a great director
user2: I've been wanting to get more into Batman
user1: Yeah he is a great actor,
user2: The reviews on this look good too
user1: The main villain is Ra´s al Ghul, 
user1: he trains batman 
user1: Yeah, it has pretty decent reviews
user1: a Rotten tomatoes of 84% CinemaScore of A 
user2: I see this came out in 2005 too
user2: It must have aged well
user1: Yeah, I love this movie and doesnt get old
user1: I can watch it several times and wont get bored
user2: I just noticed it has Cilian Murphy in it!
user2: he's one of my favorite actors
user2: so that's awesome
user2: He must play as one of the villains
user1: I only know Liam Nelson 
user1: I dont really know the rest of the villains
user2: ooh okay
user1: The critic responses for the movie are also pretty good
user2: I actually didn't know how Bruce's parents died
user2: I didn't know they were murdered in front of him
user1: They got mugged but it was  all a plan made up by Ra´s al Ghul to kill the economy
user2: oh okay that's crazy
user2: and yeah I see the critic reviews are good too
user1: My favorite part of the movie is actually the one where Bruce Wayne realized the Ra´s al Ghul want to destroy Gotham
user1: and he decides to do something about it
user1: and yeah, the critic responces are pretty good
user1: you should really watch the movie
user1: I bet you will enjoy it.

conversation:
user1: Ho
user1: Hi
user2: Hi
user1: Whats up
user2: Not much, have you seen this movie?
user1: What movie?
user2: Batman Begins, it should be on the left side of your screen.
user1: No I haven't seen batman begins.
user2: Neither have I.
user1: should I see it? What's it about?
user2: It's a superhero film based on the DC Comics character batman
user1: Cool
user1: who directed it?
user2: Christopher Nolan
user2: Christian Bale plays batman
user1: Awesome they are both really talented I loved when the worked together on The Prestige
user2: The beginning is sad as a young boy his parents are murdered.
user2: I haven't seen that either
user1: so its a tragedy?
user2: I suppose when he grows up he's looking to get revenge on the guy who killed his parents.
user1: sounds like a reasonable thing to do
user1: honestly I think I would want revenge too
user2: From the info on the left it seems like a pretty interesting movie.
user1: you know I can't see that right
user2: Yes, just saying
user1: so I don't know what you are talking about
user1: What else can you tell me about this movie?
user1: Im not sure if I want to watch a revenge film right now
user2: This movie is a telling of the origin story of Bruce Wayne from the death of his parents to his journey to become Batman and his fight to stop the Scarecrow from plunging Gotham City into chaos.
user1: so he grows out of his need for revenge to become a savior?
user2: Yes
user1: sounds like fun.
user2: Sounds like
user1: how long is it?
user1: i dont have time for a Lawrence of Arabia lengthed film
user2: I don't know it doesn't say.
user1: hmmm
user1: well thanks for the help

conversation:
user2: Hi! I just saw the movie SuperHero. It was pretty good!
user2: Have you ever heard of it?
user1: Yeah! I really like Batman. He has a deep backstory that I feel the movie really touched on.
user2: I am sorry - Batman Begins! It is a Super Hero movie. :)
user2: Rotten Tomatoes gave it an 84 which is pretty good!
user1: All good! I think how Batman became a Super Hero was interesting. The death of his parents sparking it and all. 
user2: Definitely a great cast - I love Christian Bale. He is a phenomenal actor, who really dives in to the characters he is portraying.
user1: Yeah its got some good ratings. I think Batman is pretty popular. Its cool it was adapted from comics, admittedly I've never read any of the comics lol. Movies are a bit easier and more intense. 
user2: Yes, Batmans backstory is definitely an interesting one worth knowing!
user2: I have never read any of the comics either LOL. But I truly do enjoy a lot of the DC Comics movies!!!
user1: I think Christian Bale suited the role! He really pulled off the strong and determined Bruce Wayne. 
user2: Absolutely!
user1: I honestly love how this movie focused on his struggles with Ra's al Ghul, I like the Joker but he plays only a small role of Batman's whole story.
user2: When you think of Batman, you always think that the Joker. But this movie does not really play on that relationship.
user1: Its so interesting how Batman became the Batman when it is an animal he greatly feared. I guess it was about overcoming fears in the face of his parent's death.
user2: I think you are definitely on to something. I never really thought about that. But he truly overcame his fears and turned it into his greatest strength.
user1: I hope that doesn't mean I'll become Spiderwoman at some point lol.
user2: I guess if Bruce never asked his parents to leave the Opera... there would be no Batman! 
user2: LOL, is there a comic book Spiderwoman? If not - maybe you're the girl for the job.
user1: True. But honestly I would feel so guilty lol
user1: Oh gosh please no! I better go find a better animal to be fearful of lol.
user1: How do you feel about vigilantes? I think Batman fits that category, the whole taking justice into his own hands and not trusting in the police.
user2: So much happens while he is travelling the world, learning how to fight injustices! He is really committed to saving Gothem City. :)
user2: I think we could say that Batman is definitely a vigilante! In a good way, of course.
user2: He seems very instinctual.
user1: He is. He has a strong moral compass it seems. Even saving the enemy and giving them mercy.
user2: I guess maybe a lot of the superheroes we know are vigilantes!
user2: I trust his judgement. :)
user1: Me too, however his judgment sometimes causes issues for him lol. I think he becomes plagued over and over again because of it. But if he tried to kill his enemies (well, Gotham's enemies) then he would be just as bad as them.
user2: Maybe after going through the excruciating pain of seeing his parents killed, it is very important to him to find justice, but also have mercy when it seems fit.
user1: He walks a very fine line. It must be difficult. 
user2: That is a good point!
user1: I think he has mercy because he would've rather the person that killed his parents just take money and leave, instead of killing them. (Sorry i worded that weird lol)
user2: Yes, so true!
user2: Thank God for Pennyworth... in so many respects! 
user2: He really came through for little Bruce/Batman.
user1: Alfred is great. I think he is a major component for the creation of Batman. 
user1: If Bruce didn't have Alfred while growing up, I shudder to think of how he may have turned out.
user2: I completely agree!
user1: Alfred definitely provides so much support for Bruce, he is so much more than just a Butler. 
user2: Who is Batman without Pennyworth?
user2: He really did influence him and shape him!
user2: Well - its been nice chatting! Have a nice evening!
user1: I must be blind and do not see a code

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: So this movie was from 2005? Good movie.
user2: yes. it was

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: hi
user1: What film are we going to discuss today?
user2: i received a document for Batman Begins
user2: ever seen it?
user1: Sounds interesting, I have never seen it. what is the film about?
user2: it is the first movie in a trilogy based off the comic book super hero batman
user1: Okay. What is the genre of the film, superhero film? Action film?
user2: yeah action 
user2: according to the document genre: superhero
user1: Cool. What did you enjoy most about the film?
user2: it is directed by christopher nolan and came out in 2005
user1: I like Christopher Nolan films. Any famous actors in it?
user1: You still there?
user2: hey yeah sorry went to bathroom
user1: haha
user1: Any famous actors in the film?
user2: christian bale plays batman and liam neeson is the villian known as "ras al ghul"
user2: morgan freeman and michale caine are in it as well, love them two they are a great pair
user1: Nice. Would you call this a violent film or can I watch it with kids?
user2: i am trying to recall what i remember it has been over 10 years and i was like 10 years old when i saw it lol
user2: i don't think there is any blood or violence like that in the film, just standard fist fighting action sequences
user1: Haha. Is there any hero other than Batman?
user2: he has michael caine as his butler who helps him get his gear and plan his mission
user2: also gary oldman plays james gordon who is the detective of the police dept and he helps batman
user2: but no other super heroes in this film
user1: Okay. Does the film have funny parts? Or is it serious?
user2: i dont recall it having any intentionally funny moments
user2: but it is not a serious dark type of film either
user2: sort of in the middle of the spectrum
user1: I see. Is there a particular scene that stands out?
user2: to me it would be the beginning of the film
user2: as i mentioned it is the first of a trilogy so they take you back to the origins of how he becomes batman and includes his childhood
user1: Cool. Does the film touch on major themes like social inequality or politics?
user2: just to give you a rating analysis that this document provided rotten tomatoes gave it an 84% and average score was 7.7/10
user2: um i dont think i had a proper understanding of those themes when i saw the film so i cant really recall
user2: i believe the later films in the trilogy get a little more into politics
user1: No problem. Finally, are there women characters in the film?
user2: yes there is one and i dont want to give you any more info about it as it may lead to spoilers
user2: but there is one woman main character
user1: Okay. Haha. Finally, what did you enjoy the most about the film?
user2: i love action films and super hero films so this was right up my alley. ill pretty much enjoy any of those types of films because i guess i like to put myself in that sort of alternate reality
user1: Totally get it.
user1: Sounds like it has all the ingredients of a good action film.
user2: i go to see a movie because it is something i cant get out of real life, if i wanted something realistic just watch the news haha
user1: Haha.
user1: Thanks for your time.
user2: likewise take care

conversation:
user1: HI WE ARE TALKING ABOUT BATMAN BEGINS
user1: HAVE YOU SEEN IT?
user2: I have
user2: A few times actually
user1: ITS A SUPERHERO MOVIE STARRING Christopher Nolan
user1: i think he is a pretty good actor rotten tomatoes gave the movie 84 percent
user1: Michael Caine is also in the movie have you heard of him ? He plays a pretty good Alfred
user2: I think he gave a very convincing portayal of Bruce Wayne
user2: Michael Caine is one of my preferred actors. I've seen several of his films throughout the many years of his career
user1: He did Liam Neeson places Henri he was pretty good too 
user1: I ddint realize Katie Holmes was even in this movie but she is says she played Rachel Dawes
user2: She was in the movie. I did not care for her acting.
user1: So Its a 2005 superhero movie that was a long time ago now
user1: I agree!! I do like Gary Oldman though he was good as James Gorden
user1: The movie was written by Nolan and David S Goyer.
user2: I thought the way Christopher Nolan brought us up to speed with how Bruce lost his parents was deeply powerful
user1: Yes, the movie tells the origin story of bruce wayne from the death of his parents to his journey to become batman
user2: It seemed as though the critics appreciated the darker side of this story
user1: His fight to stop Ra's al Ghui and the Scarecrow from plunging Gotham into chaos.
user2: I thought it was interesting how little the Scarecrow played a role in this film
user1: It was a comfotable mix
user1: it was.  14 years later Chill is freed in exchange for testifying against Gotham city male boss Carmine Falcone.
user1: Burce intends to murder him but one of Falcones assassins does so first.
user2: Liam Neeson definitely held his own on screen as both a mentor to Bruce and a zealot who went deep into his beliefs
user1: He did and did you know that as a child bruce wayne falls down into a dry well and is attacked by a swarm of bats so he has a phobia of bats now
user2: After watching this film, I felt strongly that Bale as Batman was an excellent choice
user1: Christman Bale played an excellent Batman
user1: in the story he learns the league intends to destroy gotham beleieving it to be corrupt 
user2: Bruce turned the power of fear that Falcone used back on him
user1: batman intercepts a drug shipment and provides rachale evidence against the falcone
user1: st james gorden has to arrest him
user2: The legal approach to taking down Falcone was important but Batman needed to use his skills in order to finish the job
user2: Bruce has very strong beliefs in right vs. wrong and doesn't hesitate to act
user1: Ra's al Ghul steals a microwave emitter from wayne enterprise and plans to vaporize gothams water
user1: it renders the drug airborne and causes mass hysteria that will destroy the city
user1: he sets Wayne manor a flame and leaves Bruce to die but Alfred saves him.
user2: Scarecrow manipulated the most effective way to execute his plan
user2: He was another character who wanted to see Gotham taken down
user1: Scarecrow is investigated by Batman and during that time is exposed to the hallucinogen
user2: This movie showed how Alfred played a huge part in Bruce's success.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hi
user2: i guess we will talk batman
user1: Are you there
user1: Are you there?
user2: yes
user1: Hello
user2: can you see my words
user1: Hello? are you there?
user2: yes i am are you able to see my word

conversation:
user1: Hi! So what do you make of Christian Bale's performance? 
user2: what is the movie name?
user1: Oh, you weren't provided that even? Apologies. Batman Begins. 
user2: I have heard its a great movie. I have yet to see it. I am very interested though.
user2: What do you rate the movie?
user1: Nothing is perfect, you know, but it is a pretty good interpretation of the character's mythos. If we're talking the standard four-star film rating, maybe two and a half to three?
user1: Keeping in mind that two stars is just a pretty good, entertaining movie and four stars is some kind of a masterpiece.
user2: That is a good rating! Do you know how long the film is?
user1: It's a long one. It was made in the wake of Lord of the Rings, you know, when all the major studios started to think, hey, we can sprawl and people will still come to see our films! I don't know exactly, but I'm going to say around three hours.
user2: Wow. That is a lot of content. I am sure it is worth watching. I think I will watch it.
user2: Have a great day. Goodbye.
user1: I mean, it's not exactly high art but it's a worthwhile version of the Batman story, for what that's worth. It tries to explore the psyche of the characters and their social backgrounds...
user1: Oh. Is that it, then?
user2: I dont know I am not quite sure how to leave the conversation LOL
user1: Hah! Yeah, it's a weird interface. I think it's asking for about 15 responses from each of us before it gives an option to organically wrap things up.
user2: Oh my bad.
user2: Well I do like christan bale. His other movies are really good. What is your favorite scene in Batman Begins?
user1: I'm just, you know, taking rough beats off of these pages I'm being shown. That's the thing about the Nolan Batman movies. They're really good in most respects, and in other movies Bale does an excellent job, but his performance here is so odd.
user2: I am very interested in seeing the movie. Is there anything you hated about the movie?
user1: My favorite scenes all probably involve the story's villain the Sandman. He's portrayed as a fairly normal guy who just puts a burlap sack over his head and lets loose some psychotropic gas, which leads to some scenes that are equal parts distressing and hilarious.
user2: Sandman put you to sleep! Does bruce wayne's cave get cooler?
user1: Well, there are two major things. One of which only becomes clear in hindsight and with reflection.Batman is a very reactionary storyline. It's about a rich guy who decides to take out his anxieties by taking the law into his own hands beating up criminals. Which is... very close to a troublesome narrative, but whatever. And in Bale's vision, this reactionary thread gets even stronger. It's a very right-wing film series, which doesn't much thrill me.
user2: Does the movie have the original batman theme song?
user1: The other thing is Bale's performance, which I keep hinting at. He plays Bruce Wayne as a fairly generic, blank figure -- not unlike American Psycho. You can tell there's something a little bit wrong under the surface, but his social mask is just... Mr. Bland Rich. As Batman, though, he lowers his voice and grumbles so much that you can't make out a word he's saying. It plays almost like he's sending it up.
user2: Do you think Christan Bale will ever do stuff on youtube with Ice Poseidon?
user1: I don't actually recall much about the Bat-Cave, or the set design, except for Gotham at large -- which is very cool, in how it's portrayed.
user1: And, no. No NA NA NA NA NA NA NAs here. heh.
user2: dang no theme music :'(
user1: This is following the increasingly grim-dark approach to Batman that you first get with,like, Frank Miller in the early 1980s. 
user1: Hey, I think we can wrap this up now!
user2: Frank Miller made a good batman.
user2: oh ok thanks. was fun.
user1: Thanks for the conversation. See ya!
user2: bye

conversation:
user1: how goes??
user2: Hello!  Great thanks, how's your day?
user1: its going lol
user1: what movie do you have over there?
user2: We'll be talking about Batman Begins today.  Have you seen it?
user1: I have.
user1: its a great movie
user2: I love it too :)
user1: Nolan is  agreat director and christian bale is a greta actor
user2: So how do you think Christian Bale is in the role of Batman?  Do you like his style of playing the character?
user1: Honestly, i think he is my favorite batman yet
user1: I think he can really play both batman and bruce wayne
user1: an actor must fill both roles to play a great batman. 
user2: I have to agree.  The document this time mentions exploring Batman's damaged psyche.  I think that Christian Bale did a particularly good job at that, really made me feel how tormented Bruce Wayne is.
user1: Yes, I agree. Bale is particularly good at playing characters that have deep emotions. They did a great job with the rest of the series too. The soundtrack was phenomenal as well
user2: And what about the scene from when he was a child and fell into the well and was attacked by a swarm of bats?  I thought that really added to my understanding of the character and truly appreciated that scene.
user2: And yes, the soundtrack was excellent!
user1: that scene was fantastic
user1: it helps give a great undertsnading of where his fear came from
user1: I like alfred as well. He adds a nice balance to the eccentricity and flamboyancy of bruce wayne
user2: Yes it does.  I also loved the scene where Bruce's parents were killed in front of him outside the theater when he was a child.  I found it very moving and it made me very sympathetic to him and to his origins of becoming Batman.
user2: I love Alfred as well, I have always loved Michael Cain and I think he's fantastic in that role.
user1: Michael cain played a fantastic alfred
user1: I agree with you as well about the scene at the beginning.
user1: seeing him go through that as a young character really paints a solid backdrop for the character that he becomes
user2: I found the scenes about Bruce's training with the League of Shadows particularly interesting.  When Bruce discovered that they were planning to destroy Gotham and he burned down the temple to prevent this, I thought that was a great sequence.
user1: same here. i love the dedication bruce has to the city thanks to all the work his father did
user2: (Sorry about jumping around, trying to follow the new paragraphs in the document like we're supposed to)  :)
user1: its fine ive done a thousand of these
user2: oh good!  This is only my second one
user1: it can be hard to figure out what to say sometimes xD
user2: Ohhhh, what about the Scarecrow in Arkham Asylum?   I loved that character, very creepy!
user1: Oh yes! With his hallucinogenic gas? admittedly, i thought his character was interesting. How it preys on everyones greatest fear. Imagine if something like that was actually created and weaponized 
user2: Yes, exactly!  I think that might have been one of my favorite parts of the movie.  Especially when Batman was exposed to the hallucinogen, very wild.
user2: I was very sad when Wayne Manor was burned down.  It seems so unfair to take that away from Bruce.
user2: It was a very touching scene when Alfred rescued him, once again reminded me of how tortured he is.

conversation:
user2: Hello! Any movie recommendation?
user1: Hi! I highly recommend Batman Begins!
user1: Are you a fan of director Christopher Nolan?
user2: Sweet! It’s been years since I’ve seen it. Does it still hold up?
user2: Yes I’m a huge fan by the way
user1: Indeed it does! Nolan did a wonderful job and even today, it still holds a rating of A on Cinemascore!
user2: Seriously! I just remember how much I loved it sequel so I tend to overlook it unfortunately 
user1: You should give it a chance soon. It'll be well worth the watch seeing the origin story of Bruce Wayne following his parents death to his journey of becoming the legendary DC Comics character Batman!
user2: And I can’t resist the Batman! Could you tell me who the main villain of the film was again?
user1: It was Ra's so Ghul who was played by Liam Neeson! Are you a fan of Liam?
user2: The action star with the cool voice?
user1: That's him! He played Ra's al Ghul and Henri Ducard in Batman Begins. The other villain was Scarecrow!
user2: I’m remember scare crow in the animated series. He was freaky!
user1: Agreed. Batman had to fight to stop both he and Ra's from plunging Gotham City into chaos! Are you a fan of Gary Oldman?
user2: He was Commissioner Gordon in the other movies! Excellent actor. You are really getting me to want to see it again lol!
user1: I highly recommend you see it! Despite being released in 2005, it's still critically acclaimed! The beginning seeing Bruce fall into the well and getting attacked by a swarm of bats just sucks you right in and hooks you!
user2: Now... would you say it’s better than the Dark Knight?
user1: It's honestly hard for me to say. As one critic said, "it's both comic book archetypes and real people" which it seemingly is!
user2: Yeah this movie really began the trend of realistic superhero movies 
user1: Very true! I liked how it jumped 14 years into the future, showing Bruce intending to murder Chill - the man who killed his own parents  before an assassin for the mob boss he was testifying against (Carmine Falcone) guns him down instead!
user1: And Ducard training him as a member of the League of Shadows was so awesome!
