wiki document:
cast:
Leonardo DiCaprio as Jordan Belfort
Jonah Hill as Donnie Azoff
Margot Robbie as Naomi Lapaglia
Kyle Chandler as Patrick Denham
Rob Reiner as Max Belfort

critical response:
Epic in size, claustrophobically narrow in scope.
the story 'wants us to be interested in characters who are dull people to start with, made duller by their delusions of being interesting because they are high.
an irresponsible glorification rather than a satirical takedown.

director:
Martin Scorsese

genre:
black comedy

introduction:
The Wolf of Wall Street is a 2013 American black comedy[3] directed by Martin Scorsese and written by Terence Winter, based on the memoir of the same name by Jordan Belfort. It recounts Belfort's perspective on his career as a stockbroker in New York City and how his firm Stratton Oakmont engaged in rampant corruption and fraud on Wall Street that ultimately led to his downfall. Leonardo DiCaprio (who was also a producer) stars as Belfort, with Jonah Hill as his business partner and friend Donnie Azoff, Margot Robbie as his wife Naomi Lapaglia and Kyle Chandler as Patrick Denham, the FBI agent who tries to bring him down. Matthew McConaughey, Rob Reiner, Jon Favreau, Joanna Lumley and Jean Dujardin also star. 

movie name:
The Wolf of Wall Street

rating:
Rotten Tomatoes: 78% and average: 7.8/10
Metacritic Score: 75/100
CinemaScore: C

year:
2013

description:
In 1987, Jordan Belfort procures a job as a Wall Street stockbroker for L.F. Rothschild, employed under Mark Hanna, who quickly entices him with the sex and drugs fueled stockbroker culture and teaches him that a stockbroker's only job is to make money for himself. Jordan soon finds his career terminated following Black Monday and takes a job at a boiler room brokerage firm on Long Island that specializes in penny stocks. Thanks to his aggressive pitching style and the high commissions, Jordan makes a small fortune. 
Jordan befriends his neighbor, Donnie Azoff, and the two found their own company. They recruit several of Jordan's friends, whom Jordan trains in the art of the 'hard sell'. The basic method of the firm is a pump and dump scam. To cloak this, Jordan gives the firm the respectable-sounding name of Stratton Oakmont. After an expose  in Forbes, hundreds of ambitious young financiers flock to his company. Jordan becomes immensely successful and slides into a decadent lifestyle full of prostitutes and drugs. He has an affair with a woman named Naomi Lapaglia. When his wife finds out, they divorce, and he marries Naomi. Meanwhile, the SEC and the FBI begin investigating Stratton Oakmont. Jordan illegally makes $22 million in three hours upon securing the IPO of Steve Madden. This brings him and his firm to the attention of the FBI. To hide his money, Jordan opens a Swiss bank account with corrupt banker Jean-Jacques Saurel in the name of Naomi's Aunt Emma, who is a British national and thus outside the reach of American authorities. He uses the wife and in-laws of his friend Brad Bodnick, who have European passports, to smuggle the cash into Switzerland. 
Two years later, the FBI arrests Jordan because Saurel, arrested in Florida on an unrelated charge, has also informed on Jordan. Since the evidence against him is overwhelming, Jordan agrees to gather evidence on his colleagues in exchange for leniency. Fed up with Jordan's lifestyle, Naomi tells Jordan she is divorcing him and wants full custody of their children. Jordan loses his mind and tries to run off with his daughter Skylar in his car, but he ends up crashing in the driveway. The next morning, Jordan wears a wire to work but slips a note to Donnie warning him. Donnie keeps the note and rats out on Jordan to the FBI. Jordan is arrested for breaching his co-operation deal. The FBI raids and shuts down Stratton Oakmont. Despite this one breach, Jordan receives a reduced sentence for his testimony and serves three years in a minimum security prison. After his release, Jordan makes a living hosting seminars on sales technique. 

conversation:
user2: HI, tell me a bit about the movie please?
user1: Hello, the movie is called the wolf of wall street
user1: have you heard of it
user2: I haven't
user2: Is it good?
user1: The movie is an American Black comedy based of a memoir of the same name
user1: It recounts Belforts perspective as stockbroker in New York City
user2: Oh ok. Talks about his experience as a stockbrocker?
user1: broker
user1: sorry
user2: Np, did he do well?
user1: The lead is played by Leonardo Dicaprio
user1: the movie is good
user1: His firm Stratton Oakmont engaged in rampant corruption and fraud
user2: I like him. Is he a good guy or bad?
user1: it led to Belfort fall
user1: He seems like the bad guy since he engaged in fraud
user2: Yes, true. Does it have much action?
user1: It is a black comedy not action
user1: Under Hanna, Belfort engages in sex, fraud, and drugs
user2: oh right. Gotcha. So, funny, but a dark funny.
user1: Hanna is a fellow stockbroker for Rothschild
user2: Sounds interesting. I'm sure has true elements of that life.
user1: Yep, Jordan Belfort later starts a company with his buddy Donnie Azof
user2: Well, I guess he learned many tricks of the trade with the company
user1: The company scams people
user2: Will he try to not scam people in his new company?
user1: Nope, the basis of the company is to scam people
user2: so, even when he starts his own, huh?
user1: Yep. Belfort also loses his wife after she discovers he has been sleeping with prostitutes and  using drugs
user2: Can't say I blame her lol
user1: yeah
user1: Two years later Jordan Belfort is arrested by the FBI
user2: Did he get convicted?
user1: However, he is given leniency for exchange for evidence against his colleagues
user2: Sounds like a good movie. Can we finish now?
user1: Yep. Thanks for chatting
user2: thanks, I will watch it. SOunds good

conversation:
user2: Hello, what movie are we talking about?
user1: The Wolf of Wallstreet
user2: I'm not really familiar with it?
user2: Who are the actors in the movie?
user1: I watched it.  It was very interesting.
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio
user1: He is also the producer.
user2: Did he win any awards for it?
user1: It does not say on the document.  I personally do not know.
user2: Is there illegal trading that goes on?
user1: yes
user2: He must be a young stockbroker in the movie?
user1: Yes
user1: This was based on the true story and character.
user2: What was the characters name?
user1: Wait, the letters are very small on the document.
user1: Jordan belffort
user2: I think I remember seeing the trailer and I think Michael Douglas is also in the movie
user2: Wasn't it directed by Oliver Stone?
user1: No he was not
user1: No, Sarcosse
user2: Is it suspenseful?  I may consider watching it
user2: Would you recommend it?
user1: I would but make sure kids are not around.
user1: if you are religious, you would not want to watch it
user2: Ok thanks for the information
user2: No I'm not religious so I guess I'm ok
user2: Does it say how long the movie is?  I have no information about it on my screen at all
user1: it does not say
user2: It says in the turk hit that we will both have the paragraph available to read and I don't so....whatever I guess
user2: Is there anything else you can tell me about it?
user1: So, even though I watched the movie, I could only influence you based on the document.
user2: Can you type some of the information in the document?
user1: Jordan was a stock broker for Rotschild.  
user1: He deceived customers.
user1: He pushed penny stocks that he knew were not good
user2: Ok thanks, sounds interesting
user2: nice chatting
user1: thanks

conversation:
user2: Ji
user2: Hi
user1: Hello
user2: So what movie are talking about ?
user1: The Wolf of Wall Street
user2: Oh, I have heard a lot about that movie
user1: I have never actually seen this movie so what I am reading is all I know about it. Personally it does not seem like a movie I would like. It seems boring and it was given a Cinema Score of C so that might support my opinion.
user2: Oh okay. Who are the lead actors ?
user1: It says the genre is a "black comedy". Do you know what that is because I do not. I'm thinking it is a "dark" comedy as in mood and attitude and not racial.
user1: The lead actors are Leonardo DiCaprio, Jonah Hill, Margot Robbie, Kyle Chandler, and Rob Reiner. I do not know who Kyle Chandler is.
user2: There are big names
user1: I see it was based on a true story.
user2: Leonardo was nominated for Oscar for this.
user2: Where are you located ?
user1: Oh he is a good actor, probably deserved it.
user1: I'm located in Maryland. I thought we aren't suppose to give personal information.
user2: Wolf of Wall street is pretty famous in the US.
user2: It just seemed a little bizarre to me that someone didn't know that movie,so I asked.
user1: Yes. I've heard of it but never seen it. I like action movies.
user2: Okay. I recommend trying to watch it, it's a great movie.
user1: I think my husband and daughter have watched it buy not me. Again, I like action movies but my husband loves watching gangster and comedies. He always teases me that I only want to watch action movies for the actors.
user2: Haha, is he right ?]
user1: I might have to. I am more of a book person so since it's based on a book written by the main character I would be more apt to read the book.
user1: Yeah, sometimes he is right that is why I watch the action movies lol.
user2: The movie is based on a book.
user1: The summary of the movie seems kind of depressing. The main character doesn't seem honest and he gets arrested. I'm guessing he overall learned his lesson since he wrote a book about his life story.
user1: It actually sounds sad to me. Someone that has the potential to make alot of money at work and ends up getting greedy and corrupt and ruins their life.
user2: Yeah, the movie is pretty entertaining. The summary might have been written by an emo. Lol. The entire movie is fun, other than the last 10 mins or so.
user2: Overall he ended up fine. Has a family and everything
user2: He is on TV sometimes as a guest 
user1: Oh well that's good. I see he went to jail for 3 years. That's not too long. I wonder if he truly regrets ruining his life or just regrets losing all the money.
user2: He made that money quick and easy, while cheating the stock market.
user1: He must be a really intelligent person, what a shame to waste all that talent.
user2: 3 years was nothing.
user1: Yeah, 3 years is short.
user2: Well, he still is a millionaire.
user1: Oh wow. That I didn't know and it doesn't say. Except it says he hid $22 million in a Swiss account. Is that how he's still a millionaire?
user2: Even if he lost all the money he made previously, his movie deal, book deal and speaking fees has made him millions
user1: Do you know if he has a new family because it says his 2nd wife Naomi wanted a divorce and full custody of their children.
user2: I don't know much in detail but ,I watched him talk about his daughter once and he seemed pretty happy about where he is now.
user2: He does say that he has made mistakes in his life.
user1: Oh well that's good. I do like movies (and books) based on real life stories.
user2: Try watching it , its a good one.
user2: Looks like we did good on the chat
user1: I think I might have to. If it keeps my attention through the first 30 minutes I'll keep watching it. Sometimes I cheat and wikipedia movies to see what they are about before watching them.
user1: yes, I think this is a good chat.
user2: Let's wrap it up
user1: Ok. 
user2: Have a great rest of your day
user2: Bye.
user1: Thank you, you too. Bye

conversation:
user1: Hello.
user1: I liked The wolf of Wall Street,
user2: Does the wolf of wall street look like a good movie?
user2: Of course, what if and to you?
user1: There are not so many movies about the topic "stockbroker" that I know of.
user2: there is almost no
user1: I can't quite understand why it rated so badly on Rotten Tomatoes.
user2: How did Leonardo do it for you?
user1: With only 7.8/10 .
user1: I liked him as Jordan Belfort.
user2: excellent character
user2: Did you like the whole plot of the movie?
user1: Sure, I enjoyed the plot.
user2: Do you think that what they did was wrong?
user1: Hmm, you mean the big scheme in the end?
user1: No, I guess that is just how the business runs.
user2: Jonah Hill as Donnie Azoff?
user2: Do you remember that character?
user2: what good paper did
user1: Yes. I liked that one too.
user1: It took the FBI quite a long time to get them.
user2: It's interesting how people come up on Wall Street, would you like to be one of them?
user2: It seems to me that Jordan's wife was just for the money she had
user1: I guess that time has passed. Nowadays most of the trade is digital I guess.
user1: So that part of the spirit of Wall Street is gone.
user1: Yes, he married the wrong wife.
user2: Would you like a new version of the movie?
user1: Yes. A modern version would be interesting.
user1: It might be a bit more like IT Crowd.
user2: You add something more to the movie?
user2: Metacritic Score: 75/100 I think it was very low and you?
user1: In 1987 the country to go for money laundering is still Switzerland.
user1: The critics rated it too low for my feeling.
user1: Goodnight.
user2: I liked the movie

conversation:
user2: hey!
user2: are you still there?
user1: Hello
user2: what took you so long dude?
user1: yes i just finished reading, i am a slow reader
user2: Oh great
user2: let's roll
user2: have you seen the wolf of wall street?
user1: no but according to the review it does not sound too good
user2: talking based on the ratings i would say it is a decent movie though
user1: whaddya think
user1: have you seen it\
user2: a 78% from rotten tomatoes doesn't seem cheap to me
user1: whats a rotten tomatoes\]

conversation:
user1: I think this is one of Scorcese's best modern movies
user2: I agree
user2: Great casting 
user1: Who's your favorite character?
user2: Leo for sure
user2: Incredible performance
user2: What about you?
user1: I'd have to agree, but Jonah Hill really knocked it out of the park in his supporting role
user2: True. It was very different from his previous work
user2: That middle critics review...what were they watching
user1: I heard he took a huge pay cut just to be in it.  
user1: Yeah I don't really agree with those reviews
user1: Anyone who thinks this glorified his life did not really pay attention lol
user2: Haha yeah
user1: I really liked Matthew McConaughey in his little part too
user2: I was just going to say that
user1: The chest thumping scene might be my favorite part of the movie
user2: Yeah it was so weird yet so brilliant
user1: He was the only one who could have done that role IMO
user2: I think that of many of his roles
user2: That phone call is one my favorite scenes as well
user2: Where he does the demonstration
user1: Hahaha yeah and the "sell me this pen" bit at the diner
user1: It was a great way to introduce all those weird characters
user2: Nerdiest looking team 
user2: I think this was first movie i saw with margot robbie
user1: Yeah I think this was her biggest role up until that point
user2: I thought she would just be a pretty face but she's actually a great actress 
user1: Probably her best too because other than like I,Tanya, she hasn't been in anything else that good
user1: Yeah she's really good
user2: Yeah I saw I, Tonya..loved it
user1: I think she got nominated for that right?
user2: I think she did for a few awards
user2: Allison Janney got alot more nominations 
user1: Speaking of awards I cannot believe that Leo didn't win an oscar for this
user2: Yeah, i totally thought this would be the one
user1: The Revenant was good but he said maybe 10 lines in the whole 2 hour and 45 minute movie
user2: Oh really? I havent seen that movie yet
user1: compared to this one where he said something every scene
user1: That one is really good but its really visual 
user2: Gotcha
user1: and there's not a lot of dialogue so it's one of those movies you have to be ready to watch lol
user2: Yeah, that's really why i havent watched it

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: hey how are you? what do you think of the movie ?
user2: I liked it.  I saw it in theatres actually.
user2: I think the Rotten Tomatoes score is pretty spot on.
user2: How about you?
user1: Great cast don't you think? And Martin Scorsese! 
user1: I think the reviews are a bit harsh
user1: Thought the acting was great the story and plotline were great
user2: Yes, I loved Leonardo in it.  I honestly did not know it was directed by Scorsese.  
user1: Hmmm. Can't believe it came out 5 years ago. And what's more amazing it was based on the true story
user2: I know, what a heck of a story.
user2: I loved Jonah Hill in it.  I thought he was great, and it was his first serious film.
user1: Usually not a fan of movies that have stockbrokers etc. in them but this one was great
user2: Indeed.  I loved Matthew McConaughey as Mark Hana.  He was perfect as sleazy Wall Street type.
user1: Sex and drugs fueled stockbroker culture.. yeah that's intense.
user1: I like how it reads "the only job is to make money for himself"
user2: For sure, some of the party scenes were out of this world for sure.
user2: Right, and that is exactly how he acted.
user2: That's pretty much how he made so much money so quickly.
user1: Well.. you know.. I always wondered why the title of the film is "The Wolf of Wall Street" 
user1: Oh yeah so a scam
user1: Stratton Oakmont haha
user2: Yep, I figure its because wolves are such fierce and unrelenting predators.
user1: Good one good one!
user2: I know, I completely forgot about the name of the company.  So plain sounding.
user1: So it was Forbes that advertised Jordan's company to prospective stockbrokers haha
user1: Well I mean a group of scammers
user2: Yes indeed.
user2: I remember feeling so bad for his wife when he left her.  She was so nice and he turned into such a tool.
user2: The scene where he crashes in the driveway was absurd!
user1: I think it was sad too but well you know Jordan's life was riddled with scandals and dishonesty
user2: Hmm, I did not know that actually.
user1: And Donnie stabs Jordan's back. That must have been very painful
user2: Yea, for sure.  I did not see that coming.
user2: The minimum security prison he ended up at was such a joke.  It was such a rich white-collar dude prison.
user1: well.. he had an interesting life all in all
user1: Not a happy ending tho
user2: Definitely. 
user2: Well, it has been nice chatting with you!
user1: Well it was nice talking to you
user1: Have a good night!
user2: Have a good one

conversation:
user1: Hey how are you? Have you seen The Wolf of Wall Street?
user2: I'm doing well, and yes I have.
user1: This movie has a great ensemble of cast like DiCaprio, Margot Robbie, and well the legend Scorsese!
user2: I like those actors. What is the movie about?
user1: It is a black comedy based on a stockbroker named Jordan Belfort. And you know Belfort is portrayed by DiCaprio
user2: That sounds interesting. What is the MPAA rating of the movie?
user1: I am not sure about the rating. But I believe it is an R-rated
user1: The document doesn't specify unfortunately
user1: And basically it tells the rise and fall of the company Belfort and Azoff (Jonah Hill) started :)
user2: Okay.  Do you know what role Margot Robbie plays?
user1: She is Naomi Lapagila the wife of Jordan Belfort
user2: Do you know how long the movie is?
user1: The document doesn't say how long the movie is
user1: Strange... i think there is a glitch
user2: How so?
user1: I am not getting new info.
user1: After 3 turns of chats I should get more info
user2: Only thing I see is this chat box.
user1: It's been like 6 turns
user1: Okay let's just continue our chats based on this one page document
user2: I guess we just keep going, haha.
user2: Tell me more about the plot?
user1: Finally.. new info.. So Jordan Belfort becomes a Wall STreet stockbroker
user1: in 1987
user2: Does he come from a wealthy background?
user1: Well I don't know. My guess is he starts as a poor businessman.
user2: How does he become a stock broker?
user1: He starts a different career path after the Black Monday (stock market crash or some sort)
user1: Well I am not too sure.. sorry.. The document doesn't say
user1: Jordan Belfort and Donnie Azoff start their town company 
user2: Oh, okay.
user1: They call it Stratton Oakmont. That's where he became filthy rich and corrupt haha
user2: What do they sell?
user1: I think they were still doing stock related trades. But it was essentially pump and dump scams
user2: Oh, interesing.
user1: Good bye

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: Hey, that was an awesome movie!
user1: It was fully deserving of it's pretty good reviews in my opinion.
user2: i enjoyed the movie as well. Great show 
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio is one of my favorite actors also 
user1: Definitely, he carried the movie!
user2: Yes he was amazing 
user1: Some of the critical responses are crazy, "wants us to be interested in characters who are dull people" how can you possibly think those characters were dull?!?!?!?
user2: Yeah some people are crazy in reviews.  That movie was not dull. Very entertaining 
user2: The cinema score is lower than i thought it would be to. It def should of been an A
user1: Yeah, I especially liked the first bit, when he started building his empire.
user2: Oh yeah, that was a great part 
user1: Yeah, that CinemaScore is low but 7.5 or 75/100 is good for a movie review. The all time best movies are like in the 9s
user1: I wonder where Jordan would've been if he never got that penny stocks job?
user1: He was such an ambitious character that instead of stocks, it'd be a movie about selling boats or whatever lol.
user2: Thats one of the things you always wonder. I like how the movie leaves that for you to wonder like that ebcause you can put your own spin on what you think would of happened
user2: WIth him being ambitious like that, he could of done anything 
user1: Yeah, definitely. The character had such a drive though, that he would've succeeded in anything. yup
user1: I especially liked how he recruited Donnie Azoff. Much different than most job interviews lol.
user2: Lol yeah, made for an interesting team for thier company
user1: Yeah. Remember that scene where they made 22 million in three hours?? Quite the legendary haul. 
user2: I wish i could make 22 million in 3 hours, legally of course. THough they went the illegal route
user2: He went through a lot of trouble to hide all that cash 
user1: True but when you're dealing with that much $, the line between legal and illegal gets very blurry. Just depends on if you get caught.
user1: Yeah, the tax man is the public enemy #1, these guys will anything to avoid taxes lol.
user2: Thats true, they def brought attention on themselves with that one
user1: Also to keep it out of the FBI's hands.
user2: You eventually always get caught though 
user1: Yup, even if it's not for the charges that you were really guilty for.
user1: I think Jordan got off really easy too. Only three years in minimum security. 
user2: Yeah very easy, he was lucky 
user2: especially after breaching his co operation deal 
user1: That's why snitches are so vilified. It's every man for himself in that world.
user2: Then he just hosts seminars? seems pretty boring after all that 
user1: Yeah, it doesn't sound like that would support his coke habit lol.,
user2: lol
user2: he was probably doing some shady stuff on the side
user1: Yup. Thanks for the chat!

conversation:
user2: have you checked out The Wolf of Wall Street yet?
user1: Yeah, definitely! It had Leo in it. 
user2: I think it is Leo's greatest role. Did he win an oscar for it?
user1: No, I don't think he did. He should have, though. Did you like Margot Robbie as Naomi? 
user2: Margot Robbie is one of my faves she was great. And Jonah hill too!
user2: would you consider it a black comedy?
user1: I'm not sure. Leo was a lead and he's white, so I'm 50/50 on it. 
user1: What's your opinion?
user2: I know it is labeled a black comedy, so I will go with that. We aren't the only ones that liked it. It has a 78% rating on rotten tomatoes
user1: That's a pretty good rating. It's interesting that it deals with such serious concepts like corruption and is still a comedy. 
user2: One of my favorite directors is Martin Scorsese and he directed this film. It's a pretty crazy movie for an old director like him.
user1: You're right! It did get some pretty harsh criticism but I think it had some interesting characters.
user1: New York is certainly always an interesting location. 
user2: I like that it is set in the late 80's and love seeing how he takes the negative of being fired after black monday and then creates an empire
user1: That's pretty cool. It has a pretty solid plotline, I think.
user1: I think one of the parts I like the most is actually how Leo was also a producer, while acting in it. 
user2: I didn't realize he was a producer. Good for him.
user2: The film came out five years ago, in 2013. Seems like it came out sooner!
user1: Doesn't it? Maybe it's because of the topic and way it was directed..
user2: I remember at one point in the film he makes $22 million in three hours! Illegal, but I'm still jealous!
user1: Oh man, haha! Me too. He went and tried to hide it later on - totally risky move.
user2: That's what started his downfall...It got the FBI interested in him. I like how he used Aunt Emma to help hide the cash.
user2: I forgot that Kyle Chandler is in the film too. He played the FBI agent.
user1: Me too. It was a smart move! I think that it shows how people will go to great lengths to stay rich.
user1: Oh yeah, he did, didn't he? I think he pulled off the role well. 
user1: It sucks that he got pulled into hard drugs, though.
user2: It's funny how Leo smuggled the cash into Switzerland. That's where everyone hides their money it seems!
user1: It is! You always hear about Switzerland bank accounts and offshores... I guess Jordan heard the same.
user1: He did get arrested for all of it, though. Unfortunately for him...
user2: yeah, but he only had to serve three years, and at a minimum security prison. seems pretty leniant of a sentence to me.
user1: That does seem pretty lenient. It was irresponsible of him to take his daughter during his freakout, too. 
user2: yeah, but he had lost his mind a bit. what did you think of Donnie ratting out on Jordan to the FBI? 
user1: I thought that it wasn't surprising but it was also a real jerk move. 
user1: Jordan tried to help him out but he totally narced on him! Really fickle friendship, that.
user2: I guess the movie had a happy ending. he was out of jail and making a living with this seminars.
user1: Oh, that is nice for him. Seems to show that people can change for the better.
user2: all this talk makes me want to rewatch the film. have you seen it more than once?
user1: Nope, just once, and it was a little blurry til now. I'd totally forgotten that it was a minimum security prison. 
user1: Or that he got divorced a second time..
user2: I don't recall 2 divorces. but a good movie and margot robbie to look at. it's worth a second look!

conversation:
user2: hi!
user1: Hi! So how did you like The Wolf of Wall Street?
user2: yes! 
user2: i like!
user2: is good!
user1: Same here! I agree with Rotten Tomatoes score of 78! Who was your favorite character?
user2: I like all the characters the movie is very good
user2: which is the part you like most about the movie
user1: Understood. I loves Leo's portrayal of Jordan Belfort! I liked most how it was epic in size! What about you?
user2: I love the personality that paper is very good!
user1: So true! It was a great perspective of his career as a stockbroker in NYC!
user2: my favorite part is when they use (LEMON)
user2: then they were stunned
user2: and boy was I dating a pretty woman
user1: Director Martin Scorsese did a wonderful job directing this black comedy!
user2: If it was a great movie you should do more things like that!
user1: I like how he was enticed with sex and drugs right at the beginning. It truly showed the life of a stockbroker.
user2: if it's exactly what the one that shows people is always good
user1: So true! Crazy how he made a small fortune off penny stocks after starting a new job at a boiler room brokerage firm.
user2: It was great showed ingenuity and bravery that's always good, do not you think?
user1: I agree! And his very aggressive pitching style certainly helped as well!
user2: well it seems that we have not talked enough about this yet
user2: I really do not know what else to say!
user1: What did you think about Jordan's neighbor, Donnie Azoff?
user2: I do not think it's a normal guy, it's not the best!
user1: Together they did start their own company and recruited several of Jordan's friends as well! I thought Jonah Hill played the character perfectly. 
user2: I do not know that it was like a moron for the past many bad things!
user1: Yeah i didn't like how Jordan had an affair and then married the woman he cheated on his wife with after she divorced him.
user2: If it was not pleasant at all but it was only for a moment that I felt bad!
user1: True. I really felt bad when Jordan was arrested after Saurel informed on him to the FBI.
user2: that part is a little confusing because they spoke very amicably
user1: Agreed. Then Jordan couldn't catch a break after Donnie kept the note he slipped to him warning him he was wearing a wire and ratted him out to the FBI.
user2: In all cases, the most damaged was Jordan!
user1: So true!  He deserved the three year sentence he got in a minimum security prison!
user1: Well I enjoyed chatting with you about the 2013 film Wolf of Wall Street!

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: hello
user2: Have tou seen this movie?
user2: everyone loves Leo\
user1: no I havent. have you? 
user1: He is actually the only actor that I recognize
user2: REALLY!
user2: LOL
user2: so did you see this movie?
user1: I just noticed that Mathew McConaughey is also in it.
user2: mhm he sure is 
user1: no I havent but it does sound interesting
user2: rotter tomatos gave it 78 % 
user2: its a funny movie 
user2: some sexual content that i dont agree with but hey 
user1: Cinema Score gave it a C
user2: yeah it got a low grade 
user2: its about jordan bollford
user2: he ripped of 100 Million!\
user1: that odd for Leo?
user2: now he does seminars about proper buisnesses
user2: Yeah 
user1: I will definitely have to look up Jordan Bollford 
user2: thats a wrong rating 
user2: the movie deserved more
user2: theres alot of drug partys 
user1: Dude made 22 million illegally. Wow!
user2: YEP
user2: lol
user1: I figured that much with the drugs and the sex considering the amount of money 
user2: yeah the spoils are crazy 
user2: who steal money and opens a charity right?
user1: Makes you want to watch
user2: yeah its a great movie
user2: that chubby guy that comes out in it is super funny 
user1: Jordan turned a snitch, very interesting
user2: he grew up in bayside newyork
user1: Is that a "rich area"?
user2: wow
user2: oh yeah 
user2: its a dream 
user2: a fantasy 
user1: oh ok. got it
user2: the big CEO with the great office and the suites with the fancy life style is def something any man would love to be 
user2: no matter the cost
user2: its all about the status 
user2: and the respect that comes behind moeny 
user2: his scam was simple
user2: he convinced people to invest in real shares
user2: then convinced them to invest in fake stocks!
user2: taking that second deposit away xD
user2: client manipulation

conversation:
user1: Hey, so what's the movie called?
user2: Hi! 
user2: Wolf of Wall Street
user2: Have you ever seen it?
user1: Oh nice, I've heard of it. What kind of actors are in it?
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio, Jonah Hill, Margot Robbie
user2: It is a great cast. DiCaprio is phenomenal in it.
user1: I love most things Leonardo is in
user1: This was released a while back?
user2: It was released in 2013. It was a very dark comedy, written by Martin Scorsese.
user1: I think I know the story it was based on.
user2: Surprisingly not the greatest reviews/scores. 78% from rotten tomatoes, 75/100 metsdcore
user2: Metascore*
user1: Oh weird, I thought it got some nominations?
user2: It is essentially about a firm on Wall Street, run by DiCaprios character. They did a lot of shady business, lots of corruption and fraud, which ultimately led to their demise.
user2: I believe it did get nominations!
user1: It sounds interesting
user1: Is it on netflix?
user2: It is based on a memoir. Belfort, the stockbroker, is an incredibly cunning, convincing character who's charm and smarts really get him very far!
user1: Nice, who does Jonah hill play?
user2: Unfortunately he gets wrapped up in the money aspect and takes advantage of people and gets involved in shady business deals.
user2: He is his business associate. 
user2: His wing man. Haha
user2: I don't believe it is on netflix... But I think it is on Amazon prime if I remember correctly. :)
user1: That's good, I'm guessing margot robbi plays the main love interest then?
user2: Oh yes. Margot Robbie plays his wife. When he is all wrapped up in his success, doing drugs and hanging out with prostitues... He needs Robbie. He is currently married, but he has an affair with her and ends up marrying her.
user2: Meets* not needs. 
user1: Do you know if Henry Zebrowski is in it?
user1: He's on a podcast I listen to, I think he mentioned being in it.
user2: Hm... not sure! I don't know who that is. The document I have only lists the five main actors and he is not one of them.
user2: It is definitely possible. 
user1: That makes sense, it's probably a smaller part
user1: The movie sounds good, di caprio is great in whatever he's in. 
user2: Absolutely! I don't want to completely give away the movie, but obviously it all spirals out of control once the FBI is onto DiCaprio. He literally almost goes insane, loses his family... etc. 
user2: Definitely give it a go! Especially if you have Amazon:)
user2: It was nice chatting. Have a nice day!

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: I have seen this movie before.  Have you?
user2: I wouldn't classify it as black comedy.
user1: I have. I thought it was funny. Have you seen it?
user2: Yes I have.
user2: Why did you think it was funny?
user1: I don't know if I would call it a black comedy either
user1: I like the ridiculous scenes DiCaprio and Jonah Hill were in.
user1: I like Jonah Hill in most things he's in
user2: Yeah, they were pretty wild.  The characters were pretty dispicable though.
user1: What did you think about the movie?
user2: I was pretty disgusted by it because of the corruption in Wall Street but overall the film was well done.
user2: Who was your favorite character?
user1: I feel the way. Most of the characters are irredeemable 
user2: Who was your favorite character?
user1: I think DiCaprios character was my favorite. He drove the story\
user1: WHo was yours?
user2: I liked Margot Robbie's character.  She didn't take DiCaprio's crap when he cheated.  She was smart and strong.
user2: Do you agree with the ratings in the document?
user1: I think theyr'e accurate. It's a movie I enjoy when it comes on, but I don't consider it one of my favorite movies 
user1: Do you agree with the ratings?
user2: I agree.  For me it was worth watching but I would not seek it out to watch again.
user2: My favorite scene was when Margot Robbie learns that DiCaprio cheated on her and she is being enticing but then puts her heal in his face when he tries to get close to her.
user1: I don't remember that scene
user1: They're all very untrustworthy 
user1: Do you think three years was enough of a sentence? 
user2: No, not at all.  It always amazes me how scuzzy finance types get away with things.  What do you think?
user1: They always get off easy, even though he spent most of his life cheating people out of their money
user1: now he trains people to do the same
user2: Well that is just peachy.  It was crazy the drugs and hookers in this film.  I can't imagine that kind of lifestyle.
user1: No some of the scenes are pretty wild. I can't imagine that people actually live like that
user2: I wonder how thoroughly Forbes vets the companies they do articles on.
user1: I bet they just go for the flashiest companies so they can sell issues and ads
user1: I think we've finished
user2: Oh okay.
user1: Ok have a good one
user2: You too!

conversation:
user1: Hey. We are discussing The Wolf of Wall Street.  You should really watch it!
user2: I have not seen the movie, though I have heard good things. Where is the setting?
user1: It takes place mainly in New York City. The main character of the movie who is played by Leonardo Dicaprio lives on the Gold Coast on Long Island.
user2: Is he a stock broker?
user1: He is.  When you watch the movie, you should also know that he is a corrupt stock broker for a company called Stratton Oakmont. Do you like movies that are black comedies?
user2: That sounds like a good premise. I do like black comedies as well
user1: I love the scene where his wife finds out about his corruption because she totally leaves him and it shows how his life took a downward spiral.
user2: That sounds like a really good movie, thank you!

conversation:
user1: hello
user1: Good morning
user2: hi
user2: good morning
user2: how are you
user2: do you like to watch  movies
user1: Yes,sure
user1: Did you watch this movie before?
user2: yes i love the wolf of wall street
user1: Cinema score is not really good
user2: it showed how everyone can make money in those days
user2: 7.8/10 is pretty good to me
user2: i also like leonardo as an actor
user1: Ok, thank you I will go with your word
user1: He is a great actor
user1: Movies with him are excellent 
user2: yes they are pretty goof
user2: good
user2: have you ever seen wolf of wall street?
user1: No, sir
user1: .So what can you tell me about the movie itself?
user2: the beginning is about a man getting a job as a stock broker, and he gets into drugs and sex because thats what his boss told him to do while working
user1: Well actually I remeber seeing it a long time ago.
user1: thank you for the info
user2: yea he eventually quits hi job and starts his own company
user2: while at the company he hires some people and they start scamming people for there money
user1: Ok. I like that Jordan Played by Leonardo DiCaprio befriends his neighbor, and they both found their own companies
user2: yea they both were successful at scamming
user1: Yes, indeed.\
user2: the fbi caught on but couldnt do much because he opened up swiss accounts
user1: Yes, very intelligent move
user2: yes but eventually he gets caught because his friend got arrested and ratted on hi
user2: him*
user1: Ok. All of it is going on in New York, money making capital.
user2: yes
user2: he did 3 years in a minimum secuirty prison
user1: I am fallowing. But did you know that Leonardo was also a producer?

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: HI
user2: Have you seen the Martin Scorsese-directed film The Wolf of Wall Street?
user1: No. Who's in that movie?
user1: Is it a drama or a comedy?
user2: Leonardo Di Caprio stars as the fraudulent, rampantly corrupt stockbroker Jordan Belfort. Margot Robbie plays his wife, Naomi. And Jonah Hill is also in it. 
user2: The movie is a dark comedy.
user2: Do you want to hear what the critics thought about it? 

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: hi there
user1: how ya doin
user2: pretty swell.  looking for a good movie, I am.
user1: so the wolf of wallstreet
user1: great movie very funny,very much adult humor
user2: hmmm. is that the name of a good movie?
user1: yes it is 
user2: im been wanting to watch a movie and that sounds like a good one.
user1: One has too appreciate Martin Scorsese is legendary at  depicting real life events in his films
user1: have you ever seen Goodfellas or Casino by chance?
user2: Casino i saw recently.  Leonardo DiCaprio Emma Tillinger Koskoff Joey McFarland.  seems like a killer cast.
user2: 2014 oscar nominee
user1: oh yes lets not forget Margot Robbie!
user2: Suicide Squad hmm not too interested lol 
user2: she is cute though
user1: yeah i wasnt quite impressed my self i do like Harley Quinn though  
user2: arent we to be reading a doc?  My first time here and i want to make sure im not missing anything
user1: yeah  she did have that going  for her,she does  an outstanding role n this movie though.
user1: yes we are however we are able to reflect a bit on actors and talents
user1: nevertheless if you haven't had the pleasure of seeing this film t is a must among all of his masterpieces 
user2: ok maybe you can tell me where to find this doc and im fairly familiar with the hit just sleepy from lack of coffee and good movies
user1: i  agree with that lol 
user1: so you are asking me about the  document to the left 
user1: ?
user1: does it not appear on your sceen?
user1: i need some coffee after this!

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hello
user1: Do you see the movie info?
user2: Do you like this genre of movie 
user2: Yeah I see it
user1: Yes, I like dark comedies.
user1: And you?
user2: Yeah I like them too
user1: I didn't know that's what this movie was.
user2: What do you think about the actors in this movie 
user2: Yeah me either
user1: i usually like dicaprio.  not big on the others tho.
user1: do you like scorsese as a director?
user2: I do in what I’ve seen 
user1: i notice the critic scores are high, but they only listed bad review quotes
user2: What do you think about the reviews
user2: Yeah I noticed that too
user1: audiences didn't like it as much as critics
user2: Which is normal
user2: What do you think about the plot
user1: the scenes mention rich people having lots of sex and drugs.  don't know if that would be funny to me.
user2: It seems to have some interesting things honing on
user2: Yeah me either
user1: interesting maybe, but not necessarily comedy
user2: Yeah I agree 
user2: It looks like they get busted for all the partying and scamming and what not
user1: this final scene shows the main guy turning on his co-workers to escape a long prison term
user2: Looks like everything falls apart in the end
user1: then he writes the book that becomes this movie.
user2: That’s interesting 
user1: not the most sympathetic guy, but i guess that's the point

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hey
user2: Did U see the movie?
user1: Yea I did, If you like dark comedy watch wolf of wall street.
user2: Yes I do
user2: Tell me about it
user2: Who's in the movie
user1: The main guy, Leonardo DiCaprio is a savage as a corruption businessman on wall street. He's uses his career as a stockbroker to earn millions of  dollars.
user2: We all like Money
user2: Most stockbroker s don't earn Millions....how did he do it

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: hi
user2: tell me a little about the movie you read about
user1: it's called wolf of wall street
user1: it's a black comedy. From way back in 2013 they filmed it
user2: what was the movie rated 
user1: rt gave it 78 percent
user2: Was it G rated, PG rated, PG 13 rated, R rated?
user1: not on my sheet. Leonardo DiCaprio starred in it
user2: Ooh I love him
user1: oh, who doesn't
user2: who else is in it?
user1: jonah hilll and margot robie
user1: it was written by terrance winter. 
user2: hmmm I don't think I know either one of them
user1: well, who knows anybody, really
user1: it was based on the memoir of jordon belforte
user1: a really cool dude
user1: he did some cool stuff to women
user1: and little people
user2: do you know anything about jordon belfort?  I don't think I have ever heard of him
user1: he was the subject of a 2013 oscar winning film, Wolf of Wall Street. He was portrayed by Leonardo DiCaprio
user2: i am not sure what you mean about doing stuff to women and little people
user1: he lived a decadent lifestyle full of prostitutes and drugs
user2: I don't really think that is cool stuff
user1: he was investigated by the FBI
user2: hopefully he was arrested
user1: he procured a job as a stokbroker in 1987 and then it all goes on from there
user1: he was arrested by the FBI
user2: glad to hear it
user1: his friend informed on him
user2: good deal
user1: he recieved a reduced sentence and served nearly three years in minumum security
user2: not really that long
user1: then he made a living hosting sales technique sminars

conversation:
user1: Good evening!
user2: Good evening!
user1: So I normally don't like Leonardo DiCaprio, but I think he was great in The Wolf of Wall Street.  What did you think?
user2: I think he did alright, but I think most of the credit goes to Martin Scorsese
user1: True.  What a great director.  I didn't expect Jonah Hill in that type of role.  I also think Margot Robbie was perfectly cast in this movie.
user2: I was just about to say that! I think she played Naomi Lapaglia really well. What did you think about the FBI agent? 
user1: I had never heard of Kyle Chandler, who played the FBI agent.  But I think he did ok.  I was surprised to see Matthew McConaughey in the movie too!
user2: I can't believe they didn't give McConaughey a bigger part. There was review about how the characters only seemed interesting because they were high. Do you feel like that was good review of them?
user1: I did think that the drug use got to be a little too much.  But I guess they really want to harp on how influential it was.  Most reviews seemed to give it a C.  I think I may have been more inclined to give it a B.
user2:  I do agree that they judged it too harshly. the drug use was a bit much, I wish they would have dug deeper into other aspects of Belforts downfall. 
user1: That whole stockbrocker lifestyle is crazy.  Drugs and constantly working is so crazy.  Do you remember the scene about when Jordan takes a job in penny stocks?
user2: I do remember that scene, he took the job on Long Island. What did you think about his pitching style when he got hired there?
user1: He was so aggressive but he got the money made!
user1: I wish I had those skills.
user2: He did, I feel like he was overly aggressive though, but maybe he felt like he had to after Black Monday. that had to be a crazy time.
user1: Yeah I can't believe he got fired then.  It's hard to believe that this was all set in 1987. 
user2: It doesn't feel like it should be 1987, feels more like a Greet Depression movie. That had to be crazy to find out your career had ended so suddenly 
user1: I can't believe that he met his wife Naomi by having an affair with her on his first wife.  All while using prostitutes and more drugs.  I don't know how he could be such a good business man and still have all this going on in his life.
user2: I know! I can't believe she married him after he left his wife. Did you see where he made 22 million in three hours! How crazy was that?
user1: I know!  Was something to do with getting Steve Madden!  I like how he opened up a Swiss bank account to hide money.  People always do that in the movies...I've never known anyone in real life to do that ha!
user2: I can't believe he got his friends wife and in-laws to smuggle the money over there! I know I wouldn't be able to do that. 
user1: I guess they were getting a chunk of it!  I love that he had an expose in Forbes.  All the young financiers ran to his company without knowing all the craziness that would ensure.
user2: I wonder if he knew doing the expose in Forbes would bring in all the young people and make his company take off 
user1: When everything starts to go crazy, I'm glad that Naomi decided to leave him.  But I was really pissed when he put his daughter in the car and tried to speed off with her and crashed in the driveway.  He didn't even care about the kids.
user2: No, he really didn't care about the kids. I can't believe he went from trying to run away with his child to wearing a wire the very next morning. 
user1: I am so happy that Donnie ratted Jordan out first though!  I thought it was nice that Jordan slipped him a note to try to help Donnie, but Donnie finally had enough.
user2: I feel like Jordan just made the deal with the FBI to save himself. I can't believe they still reduced his sentence though.
user1: Three years is crazy short!  And then he goes on to teach seminars on his sales technique!
user2: I feel like he shouldn't have been allowed to teach what he did you know? Since most of what he did was illegal. 
user1: Yeah it's like he was rewarded for his crimes, and then ratting out his colleagues.  He still gets to make money teaching people his crazy ways.

conversation:
user1: Hi how are you?
user1: What movie are we talking about today?
user2: I'm good The movie is The wolf of Wall Street

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: hi how are you
user2: Good, and you ?
user1: great
user2: What is the title of the film ?
user1: The film is The wolf of wall street
user2: Oh, I remember a little about it, how old this film ?
user1: it was released in 2013 leonardo dicaprio does a great job as the lead
user2: Now, I remember, what are the critics saying about this film ?
user1: it got a decent rating around 70%
user2: What are the positive and negative aspects of the film ?
user1: its is a true story and at some points very funny, but can also be depressing at times
user2: And you said that Leonardo DiCaprio was in it ? What was his role ?
user1: he plays jordan belfort a wall street stockbroker and leaves to make money for himself
user2: So he leaves his job as a stockbroker to do what ?
user1: he opens his own firm with donnie azoff played by jonah hill
user2: I like him he is funny. 
user1: he played a great role in the movie, it is all based on a true story
user2: But what is the main plot of the the movie ?
user1: it follows jordan belfort as he engages in corruption and fraud in wall streed and his ultimate downfall
user2: How good is Leonardo DiCaprio in this movie ? Does he have a complex character ?
user1: the characters are dull, and made duller with their delusions of being interesting because they are high
user2: That sounds as a bad point of the movie. So all the characters are dull ?
user1: no, margot robbie as naomi lapaglia was an interesting character as jordan belforts wife
user2: What was her character development ?
user1: jordan has an affair with her, then divorces his wife, and marries naomi. He ends up using her to launder money and keep it out of reach of the FBI.
user2: Does she stay with him in the end ?
user1: im sorry i do not have that information
user2: But it seems that is an average movie, did you liked it ?
user1: i personally enjoyed the movie
user2: What did you enjoyed the most ?
user1: The rise and fall of a criminal was very exiting to watch
user2: That sounds interesting, and besides the dull characters, any other negative point ?
user1: some might take the film as an irresponsible glorification
user2: of what?
user1: of jordan belforts life as a criminal
user2: Thanks for the description of the movie, I think I try to see it.
user2: bye

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: The movie I would like to talk about is The Wolf of Wall Street.
user2: It is from 2013.
user1: Okay, great.
user1: Who is in the movie?
user2: The genre is "black comedy"
user1: What is black comedy exactly?
user2: You might know Leonardo DiCaprio.
user1: Yes, I do know him.
user1: What other actors are in it?
user2: He plays the main character. Jordan Belfort.
user1: Who directed the movie?
user2: The director is Martin Scorsese
user1: What is the plot of the movie?
user2: The movie is based on the memoir of Jordan Belfort.
user1: What ratings did the movie get?
user2: It tells the story of the career of Jordan Belfort as stockbroker.
user2: On rotten tomatoes the movie rated average with 78%.
user1: What was the release date of the movie?
user2: The movie is from 2013.
user1: Was the movie successful at the box office?
user2: You should watch the movie if you haven't already.
user1: It sounds like a very interesting movie.
user2: Let me tell you of one scene.
user1: Sure, that would be great.
user2: It starts in 1987 where the Jordan Belfort works as a stockbroker.
user1: Okay
user2: He learns his business and that the life of stockbrokers is filled with sex&drugs.
user1: Wow, how interesting.
user2: He is supposed to mainly look out making money only for himself.
user1: This sounds like a very interesting movie.  Thank you very much for the information.
user2: But right then his whole career comes to a full stop with the Black Monday.
user2: He starts a small business together with his friends.
user2: He trains them in the art of "hard sell". Which is a pump and dump scam in the field of penny stocks.
user1: That movie sounds like a very captivating watch.
user1: I will have to watch it!
user2: Their comapny becomes very successful and attracts many investors.

conversation:
user2: This movie seems to be a bit bloated
user1: Really? I think its pretty interesting.
user2: The critical response so far has been that it is overlong and unfocused
user1: Yeah, I can see how someone would feel that way. I do feel like their opinions are a bit vague though.
user2: What do you think about the accusation that this is glorifying the bad behavior it is supposed to be satirizing?
user1: Due to the fact that fraud and corruption ultimately led to his demise, I don't feel like its glorifying it at all. More like...this is what happens when you do bad things. I feel like it does the complete opposite.
user1: what do you think?
user2: While it may have been his downfall, we spent most of the movie watching him get high and live in a fantasy world. That seems to have a greater moral weight overall than the downfall. I think people either fell in love with the world of these characters, in which case they were probably more impressed by the partying than the downfall, or they saw these characters for the delusional people they were and had a hard time getting through the film. That probably explains its middling reviews. It's cinemascore is a C. For a Scorcese film, that seems a bit low.
user1: Great point. I guess it depends on the viewer. 

conversation:
user1: Allo!
user1: Are you here? I'm sent here to talk about a movie, and I believe you have read the premise.
user2: I have read it. Have you seen or read about The Post?
user1: Haha. What a task. No, I am wondering about it though
user2: It is set in the 70"s and stars Meryl Streep and Tom Hanks working at the Washinton Post.
user1: Is it any good?
user2: Really good; got great reviews.
user1: I doubt it's a romance. Is it more of a thoughtful film?
user1: Just a first guess.
user2: Not a romance. It is a drama about the Post trying to publish the Pentagon Papers.
user1: Word. Have you watch that movie?
user2: Yes. It is about the 30 year tenure the US had in the Vietnam War.
user1: Tom Hanks was always a great actor.
user2: Streep is a fantastic actor, as well. 
user1: Why don't you tell me about the directors?
user2: It was directed by STephen Spielburg; enough said.
user1: I think I've missed the Spielburg culture. Sad face
user1: That's okay though. I'll watch it whenever it is on TV.
user2: I don't know if I have ever seen it on TV.
user1: Me either!
user2: It hs a great cast of supporting actors, as well!
user1: I actually want to see inside Hollywood.
user2: It got a lot of acclaim.
user1: Do you know where it airs?
user2: I do not but keep your ears and eyes open. It's to go to go into hiding for long.
user1: Okee Dokee 
user1: Do you find it odd that Tom and Meryl don't have any chemistry together
user2: It's not happy, happy, but it makes you think.
user1: I'm certain they had a moment on screen at least once.
user1: And from what I imagine is that the movie has less cues about the war
user1: and it's about American Ingenuity
user1: Tell me if I am wrong
user2:  Dis you mean clues? I think it is a fairly good representation of that issue.
user1: No, not at all. Like foreshadowing and the underlying theme of the movie
user1: I doubt that was included in your little write up
user2: Yes, it gets pretty deep at times, but I like a good thinking movie.
user1: What?
user1: It's only a good thinking movie if you know what's going on.
user2: A movie that makes you think and relate. You will know what is going on when you see it!
user1: Talking about a movie has it's merits, but watching a movie and sharing the voice of a director brings meaning 
user2: I agree and this movie has meaning.
user1: Not without small talk it doesn't

conversation:
user2: Hi!
user2: So, what kind of movie is it?
user1: It's considered a black comedy
user1: so I think dark humor
user2: Okay, what is the title?
user1: The Wolf of Wall Street
user2: I've head of it, but don't know much about it.
user1: It's based on a memoir written by Jordan Belfort on his corruption as a stockbroker
user2: It sounds interesting.
user1: His firm was called Stratton Oakmont
user2: Are there any well known actors in it?
user1: And he's played by Leonardo DiCaprio
user1: Other actors in it are Jonah Hill, Margot Robbie, and Matthew McConaughey
user2: Wow, that's got a lot of well known people in it.
user2: It's probably worth a watch just based on the actors in it.
user2: Do you know if it won any awards or anything?
user1: Yeah, sounds like it. It got a 78% on Rotten Tomatoes
user2: THkat's a pretty high score.
user1: Yeah, considering how tough they score movies sometimes
user2: From the plot it sounds like it would be more of a thriller than a dark comedy. 
user2: It's an interesting twist
user1: Yeah, but it's dark comedy because he gets sucked into sex and drugs when he starts working with Mark Hanna in 1987
user2: Ah, gotcha.
user2: Sounds like the book would be an interesting read as well.
user1: He got fired after Black Friday and started going into penny stocks, which is where the corruption starts.
user2: Seems like sex and drugs go hand in hand with corruption, etc.
user1: Yeah, I would think the book would be very interesting, especially from the first person view
user2: Absolutely. 
user1: Yeah, the FBI started to get suspicious of his firm becaus of all the money he was getting
user2: I bet so, ha
user1: He illegally made 22 million in 3 hours by getting Steve Madden's IPO
user2: Wow! That would most definitely raise some red flags
user1: Then he started smuggling money to Switzerland to avoid the Feds
user2: People always think thats a good idea for some reason. 
user1: However, the Feds eventually had enough evidence against him and he served 3 years in minimum security
user1: Yeah, I don't understand how
user2: I wonder what he's up to after that.
user1: It look like he gives seminars on how to sell
user2: Huh. That's a change
user1: So, at least he's using his power to sell for good
user2: I may have to check the movie out. It sounds really interesting
user2: Well, thank you for the info!
user1: But there's tons of details in between all the corruption and drugs. I'd check it out too
user1: You're welcome!

conversation:
user2: hey
user1: hello!
user1: Have you seen wolf of wallstreet?
user2: did you get the screen where it shows information about the movie?  I did not get one this time so you will be initiating the conversation more often.  Yes, I have seen the wolf on wallstreet
user1: Well, I am here to convince you to watch that amazing martin scorsese directed film again!
user2: yeah, I thought that was a pretty funny movie
user2: Have you ever traded stocks?
user1: The sheet dosent do it justice, honestly. I liked it alot. Jonah hill was very surprising. Some critics hated it.
user1: i have never traded stocks, have you?
user1: Margot Robbie plays Naomi very well. 
user1: They refer to it as a black comedy and i can understand why, but I tend to think the term black in reference to comedy is tossed around a bit willy nilly.
user1: hello?
user2: the sheet doesn't do it justice?  Is that like a review?  I like wolf of wall street a lot too, I think it was one of the better movie that year just because it depicts things in a different light, the way things are and it was funny.  I have traded stocks a long time ago, there was another movie about stock trading and fraud on wall street recently, sometimes one has to wonder hihi.  Naomi in that movie is so hot.  Yeah, I think the term black comedy may be misleading, maybe it was kind of dark but it is more realistic than telling a fairy tell cover up
user2: some of our conversation disappear
user1: true true. 
user2: Yeah, I like the scene where she was giving him blue ball right befor ethe ipo, that was kind of funny
user2: the part about how they manipulate the stock price of the shoes company in the ipo and the scene where he was hiring a bunch of guys to sell penny stocks was kind of funny too
user1: there was a movie in the eighties with michael douglas about wall stret that i cant recall the name of, it was excellent. i thought wolf of wall street was funny, but i do kind of agree with critics that it tended to glorify the idiocy and drug use of the characters instead of really filling them out.
user1: he made a fortune with that jazz tho. for as dumb as they were, the shit worked.
user1: i always forget that matthew mcconaughey was in there. he was awesome!
user2: That is right, he was called the gecko or something where he return after a big loss.  And yes, but wall street is money, and that is where the drug and other spending such as tits and ass expense account in wolf of wall street was also a part of it.  Though I think one could easily remove these out of the equation, as I do not think all stock traders are drug users or whore mongrel.   The market manipulation and insider trading are a big deal in stock trading, and it gets more and more sophisticated nowadays.  
user2: Haha, the scene about matthew mmcounghey talking about jacking off every day because of the stress and how they want to steal money from client's pocket was pretty decent too
user2: ah, the movie with Michael douglas was playing Gordon gecko I think was the character's name, is that the movie you were referring to?
user1: boiler room was about all that, it was like wolf of wall street with more bussiness talk and less shenanigans. the cash smuggling scenes in wolf of wallstreet were pretty funny. it did a good job of breaking down how swiss bank accounts actually work.
user1: that is the movie i was talking about! 
user1: gordon gecko, and he does a big speech about closing or something?!
user2: Yes, the no snooping completely anonymous swiss bank policy is a good way to launder funds, I was surprised about the part where airport security let them funnel that much money every flight in the wolf on wall street hahaha, tape and all.
user2: the other movie I think was about insider trading and market manipulation 
user1: watching movies like this and american psycho make me wonder how rampant the drug use really is in among white collar guys like that.
user1: in the end though, they scammed a lot of people with the whole pump and dump scam.
user1: he is still out there too, making millions.
user2: haha, I grew up in Hawaii and I don't think drug are just rampant among the white color guy, though there is so many different kind of drugs from low budget relatively like marijuana to the cocaine that can burn through one's wallet really quickly.  Yeah, the price manipulation of stocks.  He meanings the one in wolf of wall street?  
user2: I read the movie was based on true story but I did not follow through with research  on that character to know what he was doing after the event where the movie ended
user1: he hosts seminars on sales techniques now.
user1: i cant believe it came out in 2013, that seems like yedterday!
user2: haha, yeah, four years since, times flies
user2: sales techniques? meaning selling penny stocks and those who wants clients to purchase stocks?
user2: that can really affect the prices of stock in the market, when a big intuition tries to get clients to buy a certain stock, in a way that is stock price manipulation, one has to wonder
user1: i think it is more about how to be super aggressive with clients and decisions
user1: between pumping them up and insider trading i think there are plenty of ways to manipulate the market. 
user1: as was shown, in the wonderful martin scorsese directed film, Wolf of Wallstreet.
user2: ah, I understand that, though ultimately the one selling a particular stock is just selling, but in the grand scheme of things, the one pulling the string behind wall street and money can certainly use this as a tool to manipulate stock price.  yeah, it is really interesting.   I think there are rules against that, but it is more like if you get caught rather than doing it, kind of freaky.  Anyhow, we can finish the conversation now, it was really nice chatting with you :)

conversation:
user1: hi..my name is mike
user2: hi there my name is erin 
user2: have you seen this movie? 
user1: what movie?
user2: the wolf of wall street 
user2: with leonardo di caprio 
user1: yes i have
user1: it is one of the best stock trading movie ever
user2: are you really into stocks? 
user1: yes.I have been for 6 years now.I trade with a online firm called tradenet
user1: what about you
user1: I like donny because he was just lose in that movie
user1: is anybody there???
user2: i think the idea of trading is really interesting but i dont really understand it 
user2: donny is one of the best characters 
user2: sorry was having internet difficulties 
user2: what is your favorite scene? 
user1: the scene when leonardo di caprio wife showed him her private part and the camera was in the bear eye so the security saw it too
user2: i have never heard of the term black comedy have you?? 
user2: yeah i think that is one of the best in the movie 
user2: perfect filming technique 
user1: no i never heard of it either
user2: i guess it is just dark comedy 
user2: like people thinking questionable things are funny 
user1: what you think about global warming 
user2: awful 
user2: what do you think about plastic use in the world 
user1: I think it is being dumped in the ocean and the city streets when 

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: Hi, have you seen The Wolf of Wall Street?
user1: No, I heard leonardo dicaprio is great in it
user2: He is! He plays Jordan Belfort, a stockbroker in New York 
user1: what's the movie about?
user2: I's a black comedy about Wall Street and corruption and fraud
user1: Sounds pretty good. I like Margot Robbie too
user2: She is really good in it! She plays his wife
user1: Did it win any awards?
user2: I don't know. It has been described as "an irresponsible glorification"
user1: Hmm. who directed it?
user2: Martin Scorcese
user1: what studio produced it?
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio is the producer and the star
user1: what year did it come out?
user2: 2013
user2: But the film is set in 1987
user1: wow 1987 was a wild time on wall street
user2: It is based ona true story, of drug and sex fueed stocbroker culture
user1: who else is in the cast?
user2: Rob Reiner is in it as Max Belfort
user2: Jonah Hill is Donnie Azoff
user1: are there any little people in the movie?
user2: I can't remember. It's really just a film about the decadent lifestyles of the stockbrokers
user2: And all the prostitutes and affairs and drugs
user1: Rob Reiner is always funny
user2: Yes, he only has a small role but he is very funny. Jordan's career ends after Black Monday
user1: How about jonah hill?
user2: He plays the neighbor - him and Jordan found the comapny together 
user2: and Jordan trains them all in the art of the "hard sell"
user1: It sounds good. I might have to check it out
user1: Have a good one

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: hello
user1: so did you watch wolf of wall street?
user2: yes
user1: you liked it?
user2: yeh
user2: you?
user1: yes
user1: what did you like the best
user2: the acting
user2: you?
user1: the direction
user1: how was RDJ?
user2: he was cool
user1: yeah he was
user2: it was his comeback movie, right?
user1: yeah
user2: anything you hated about it?
user1: no
user2: alright
user1: how about you
user2: i hated gwyneth
user1: yeah
user1: she was just ok
user2: exactly
user1: she is good in future  movies though
user2: i see
user1: you watch any of them?
user2: i think i saw the 2nd one

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: hi
user2: Hello
user1: Hello, I just watch this movie called The Wolf of Wall Street!
user1: Did you?
user2: I have seen it before as well.
user2: Yes
user1: What are your thoughts about it?
user2: yes
user2: This is not letting me type anything in.
user1: OK.
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio is my favorite actor
user2: Can you even see the messages that I am sending:?
user1: Yes
user2: good
user1: You are in the clear.
user1: Did you like the main character in there played by Leonardo DiCaprio ?
user2: Yes he is very exciting.
user2: What do you think about this movie?
user1: I like the plot of the movie.think the location for it was appropriate. 
user1: I like Long Island.
user2: I have never been there.
user1: You know New York is the capital of making money.
user2: Absolutely.
user1: I think the raitings of the movie should have been better.
user1: 75/100 is not bad, neither. 
user2: Yes I see the ratings are just average. I think this was an excellent movie.
user1: Do you know anything about the Martin Scorsese, the director of this movie?
user1: I have never heard of him.
user2: I didn't know that Martin Scorsese was the Director until now.
user1: OK. Got you.
user1: What about Margot Robbie?
user2: Yes, He usually directs these types of dark comedies or dramas.
user2: I am not sure who Margot Robbie is. 
user1: Yes, I did heard about that from somebody else.
user1: Thank you.
user1: She played as Naomi Lapaglia in the movie.
user2: Ok, I still can't place her.
user2: What do you think of the name of the company Stratton Oakmont?
user2: I think it's a pretty good cover up name. Sounds pretty respectable.
user1: As far I know they engaged in rampant corruption and fraud on Wall Street.
user1: Yes, indeed.
user2: Yes, this is very true. 
user2: After talking about this movie, it makes me want to watch it again.
user1: Yes me too.
user1: I probably will.
user2: I can't imagine doing all this to get rich quick. 
user1: Yes, fast live, fast money.
user2: That's right.
user1: I think the crew of the actors were picked accurately. What are your thoughts on it?
user2: The genre is listed as black comedy. But I don't really see it as a comedy
user1: Yes more like action packed.
user2: Yes, I think the actors were picked accurately. 
user2: I like that after Jordan goes to prison, he gets a legitimate job.
user1: Yes, good for him.
user2: So are we supposed to end this conversation ourselves or is it automatically ended for us? Do you know?
user1: Us our self.
user2: Ok, then. Is there anything else that you would like to say about the movie?
user1: You need at least 15 chats from each side
user2: Right.
user2: I have that what about you?
user1: Yes .
user1: Thank you for chatting
user2: Are you ready to go then?
user1: It was fun.
user2: Thank you also. It was nice.
user1: Have a nice day.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hey
user2: Do you agree or disagree with the ratings The Wolf Of Wall Street got (75%)
user2: hello

conversation:
user1: Hi!
user1: What is the name of the movie?
user2: Hey
user2: the movie is The Wolf of Wall Street
user2: Have you seen it?
user1: Great movie
user1: Tell me about it!
user2: Its lead actor is Leonardo Dicaprio as Jordan Belfort 
user1: Nice, who else plays in it?
user2: Its an all start cast and director. Margot Robbie is in it, Jonah Hill and Martin Scorsese directed it. 
user1: Oh I like Jonah Hill
user1: What ratings did it get?
user2: The movie is based off a guy name Jordan Belfort. It depicts Belforts career as a broker and his firm which conducted lots of pump and dump schemes on wall street. 
user1: Interesting
user2: The movie was graded as average by many critics but I thought it was much better than it. 
user1: What was its rotten tomato score
user2: The movie was thrilling as it was comedic. 
user2: Critics rated as average. Rotten tomatoes gavie it a grade of 7.8/10.
user2: Meltacriti 75/100 and Cinema Score gave it a C.
user1: Sounds pretty good
user2: Yes it is lots of drugs, sex, alcohol. Pretty much a rock n roll life style as a fraudulent stock broker. 
user1: Is there a lot of cursing?
user1: It doesn't sound like a family movie
user2: Definitely not a movie for kids
user2: one of my favorite scenes
user2: is when Jordan Belfort and Jonah Hill took too many quaaludes and he had to get in his Ferrari and drive it back to his home. 
user2: it was a very funny scene.. 
user1: oh goodness
user1: What is the genre exactly?
user2: if im not mistaken its comedy. 
user1: So is Leonardo a good guy or a bad guy?
user2: in general hes a bad guy for screwing many people out of their money but....
user2: in some ways he was good because he made his circle of friends and colleagues very wealthy. 
user1: gotcha
user1: It sounds like an interesting premise
user1: is it a true story?
user2: its based on a true story.
user2: usually movies are exaggerated but I wouldn't be surprised if this movie wasn't exaggerated. 
user1: wow thats pretty cool
user1: I wonder what the real like guy is like
user1: Leo is a great actor so I'm sure he portrayed him well
user2: Some people say it was based on another guy Danna Giacchetto
user2: who was Leonardos real life financial adviser 
user2: ok i think we can finish the conversation
user2: nice talking to you. 

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hi, we're talking about Wold of Wall Street. Have you seen it?
user2: I've heard it, but I have not seen it
user1: It is directed by Martin Scorsese. Do you like his movies? 
user2: Oh right, I like Martin's movies ... what do you think about the critics of this movie?
user1: I think that they were a little harsh. It received a score of 78% on Rotten Tomatoes but I think it deserves a high score?
user1: Metacritic gave it 75/100. Do you usually go by critics' judgement?
user2: sometimes ..... But nevertheless it is a good score ... And what is cast? that sometimes influences a lot
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio stars as Jordan Belfort. Jonah Hill and Margot Robbie are also in this film. 
user2: wow, it's a very elite cast
user1: One of the key scenes is when Belfort makes a small fortune selling penny stocks. This was very unheard of at the time.
user1: The genre is "black comedy" do you like movies is this genre?
user2: ohhh .. And what is the movie mainly about ?? and tell me a little, without so much spoiler hehehej
user2: I like it, it's realistic
user1: It is about Belfort's career as a stockbroker in NYC and how his firm is engaged in rampant corruption and fraud.
user1: One critic said, "epic in size,  narrow in scope"
user2: is that this is about that although it can be satire are cases that are easily seen in real life, it sounds very interesting
user1: Yes Jordan finds a business partner and then they start a company with several of his friends and one point they illegally make 22 million dollars in three hours
user2: in 3 hours ?? this is crazy ... what else happens?
user1: This gets the attention of the FBI so he opens Swiss bank accounts in his wife's aunt's name. 
user1: He uses his wife and friend's to smuggle one into Switzerland because they have European passports
user2: what the corrupt always do, open accounts in Switzerland and use their families, it's very sad that, the film seems to be a good reflection of reality
user1: Yes, it is based off of Jordan's Belfort's memoir so a lot of the things depicted in the movie happened to him in real life.
user2: and has a good outcome? , normally this kind of movies disappoints a bit the end, I do not know if this is the case
user1: He gets caught by the FBI but serves a reduced sentence and now he makes a living teaching seminars.
user2: Do you think it would be a good sentence if it were a real case?
user1: It was a real case. He was offered a reduced sentence because of his testimony. He ratted out his friends that helped him. 
user2: ooooh ok, really that this review that you have given me has attracted my attention
user1: It is a very good movie
user2: what year is it from ?
user1: It is from 2013
user2: thank you very much friend, have a nice day

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello
user2: So what is the film?
user1: The wolf of wall street
user2: I have never seen it
user2: did you?
user1: It is a very good film in my opinion
user1: Yes I have
user2: Cool
user2: who is in it?
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio, Jonah Hill, Margot Robbie, Kyle Chandler, and Rob Reiner
user2: Good cast
user2: did it get good ratings?
user1: Yes
user2: what genre is it?
user1: Black Comedy
user2: does it have a good ending?
user1: Yes the ending of the movie was good because it showed the full arc of the main character go from where he began, to being very different when he became successful, then went to jail
user2: what were the ratings?
user1: Some were good but some were bad
user1: stating that the characters were not very interesting
user2: that is interesting
user2: when did it come out?
user1: 2013
user2: anything else interesting about the film?
user1: It opened up the world of Wall Street and what it could be like to work there to so many people who would probably never have a clue of what it was like
user2: was there a lot of talking in the film?
user1: Yes
user2: would you give it  5 out of 5?
user1: I would. I thought it was a great film and had a very good cast. All the characters were funny in their own way and also serious when needing to be. The acting overall was great and the story was very compelling.

conversation:
user2: The Wolf of Wall Street was such an epic movie. It is the retelling of how Jordan Belfort broke into the stockbroker business and became a huge disaster getting into drugs and portraying a glorified takedown of Wall Street from the inside. 
user1: I agree, it was so epic. Leonardo DiCaprio as Jordan Belfort gave a great performance. 
user2: Rotten Tomtoes only gave it an average 7.8 out of 10, I wonder what caused the lower score.
user1: I'm guessing because some people didn't like the black dark comedy aspect of the movie. 
user2: Margot Robbie seems to handpick her roles, she did wonderfully as Naomi, almost as it was meant for it.
user1: I absolutely agree. I would also commend Jonah Hill's role as Donnie Azoff; it was hilarious. 
user2: I think Mathew McConaghey was a little underplayed in this movie but it worked well.
user1: Yeah I think he could have used more scenes in the movie. But regarding the movie's story; I enjoyed the FBI chasing and trying to bring Jordan Belfort down.
user2: I think the FBI could have done a better job. I'm surprised Leo produced this and started in it.
user1: It was also funny seeing famous director Rob Reiner play as Jordan Belfort's dad.
user2: I wonder how Rothschild hired Mark Hanna. It was an interesting firm and concept.
user1: Rothschild definitely had the knack for stockbroker culture with the sex and drugs.
user2: 1987 had to be a difficult time for some of these financial concepts.
user1: Yeah, but Jordan still definitely found a way to make money. 
user2: It is scary to realize Black Monday wasn't that long ago!
user1: Yeah I'm sure lots of people lost their jobs, just like Jordan, having to get a job with a brokerage that sells penny stocks.
user2: I wonder why Jordan took to Donnie so well, they were neighbors but most don't interact. 
user1: I think Jordan liked being looked up to, respected. 
user1: I think it's part of how he was able to acquire so many young financiers.
user2: Jordan liked to train in the art of a hard sell and it worked for him, even if it was sleazy.
user1: He was no stranger to illegal tactics as well. In illegally making $22 million on Steve Madden's IPO
user2: Forbes did a great and not so great job at writing their expose.
user1: It's a wild plot, seeing as how the Swiss banker Saurel was arrested on a matter not related to Jordan, but ultimately caused Jordan's arrest. 
user2: I love how he was arrested on an unrelated charge and they made a great connection.
user1: It was also a crazy scene where Jordan tries to runaway with his daughter but ends up crashing his car in the driveway.
user2: I bet it was a lot of fun for the FBI to set up the raid on Stratton Oakmont.
user1: Do you generally like dark comedies or movies by Scorsese?
user2: Yes and the way this story played out and how Jordan ends up getting a reduced sentence made this one amazing. 
user1: Are you still there?

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: hello 
user2: I am waiting for my article to load
user1: Ok
user1: Ok I will abort and tell it is because of techincal difficulty.

conversation:
user1: Hi!
user2: HI
user2: so have you seen the movie
user1: Yes, I did
user1: but it's been so long hahaha
user1: what about you?

conversation:
user2: Hey
user1: what did you think of the Wolf On Wall Street?
user2: I really liked it
user2: I’ve watched it a couple of times now and it still interests me
user1: Me as well. Leonardo was great. He produced it s well.
user2: I didn’t know he produced it
user1: I didn't before I went to see it either
user2: You saw it in the cinemas?
user1: Matthew McConaughey and Rob Reiner were excellent too
user2: I don’t know the names of the co actors
user2: But it seems like you have researched about it 
user1: The document to your left supplies that information :)
user2: Ahh i was telling it out of memory 
user1: Ah. Who was your favorite person in the movie?
user2: Leonardo dicaprio itself
user1: Yes. It was interesting when he made a small fortune at the boiler room brokerage firm.
user2: Yes
user2: The way he grew into a big time money businessman
user1: Critics thought it was epic in size, but narrow in scope... do you agree with that? Why or why not?
user2: I don’t really think it was narrow in scope 
user1: I didn't either but I wanted to see how others opinions differed from critics. Do you think there will be a sequel?
user2: I don’t thinks so
user2: It was a real life based story
user2: I've never actually encountered a sequel for a real life story before 
user1: Yes a memoir of Jordan Belfont, right?
user2: Yes exactly 
user1: Was a lot of corruption and fraud.  I liked that it is pretty unique stroyline
user1: $22 million is alot of money. I cant believe he made that much and then some
user2: He made alot of cash
user2: All through fake scenarios 
user1: Yeah doing the "hard sell"
user2: He used well planned strategies and experiences 
user2: He was even trained from a great in
user1: Di you like the ending?
user2: Stock person too*

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: Hi!
user1: do you have the document also? 
user2: have you seen wolf of wall street?
user1: no
user1: looks like you left the chat. correct?

conversation:
user2: have you seen The Wolf of Wall Street?
user1: I have not. Is it a good movie?
user2: its pretty good. Its directed by Martin Scorsese, and is about the excesses of a real life person named jordan belfort while working on wall street
user1: What do you mean when you say excesses? Does he spend too much money?
user2: money, drugs, sex and other crazy things while working as a stock broker. Jordan Belfort is played by Leonardo DiCaprio
user1: Wow! That's quite a crazy life style for a stock broker. Not what you'd expect.
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio you say? He's one of my favorite actors!
user1: Are there any other notable actors in the movie?
user2: Johah Hill plays his business partner in the movie and has a bunch of great scenes and lines too
user1: Ah, I don't know much about him. What kind of reviews did The Wolf of Wall Street get?
user2: It was well reviewed, but the ratings given by rotten tomatoes and metacritic are 78% and 75/100 respectively. 
user1: That's not too bad. Can you tell me more about Jordan Belfort's lifestyle? Does it crash down on him?
user2: the movie starts off in the late 80s where Jordan works for a firm named LF Rothschild, where he works for Mark Hana who shows him the sex and drugs lifestyle of being a stock broker. 
user1: Right, but surely that lifestyle isn't sustainable. Does he ever face any consequences?
user2: yes, eventually the FBI comes after him. Once he loses his job with Rothschild and goes to work for a penny stock broker, the movie really takes off, as Jordan makes a fortune which sets up the rest of the movie
user1: Sounds like he gets what's coming to him. This movie does sound quite interesting. When was it released?
user2: it came out in 2013. its totally worth seeing. you should check it out.
user1: I think I'd really enjoy seeing part of the 1% fall from grace. 
user1: What have critics said about the movie?
user2: it gets crazy. After the penny brokerage, Jordan founds his own company with his with his neighbor and friends and they engineer a bunch of pump and dump scams. Critics were somewhat mixed saying that its interesting but also a possible "glorification" of the activity.
user1: It's understandable that critics would have mixed feelings about such a thing. Jordan Belfort sounds like a very immoral person.
user1: Does Jordan have any love interests in the movie?
user2: he does. he has a trophy wife in the film played by Margot Robbie
user1: Figures that the immoral people get the trophy wives. What a crazy world!
user2: he ends up using her inlaws to smuggle cash into switzerland
user1: That poor woman. Did she end up getting arrested as a result?
user2: Jordan eventually gets arrested, and Naomi (his wife) ends up divorcing him
user1: Thank goodness. How many years does he get in prison?
user2: He ends up working with the feds for a reduced sentence and does 3 years in prison
user2: but it doesn't end there
user1: Oh wow! There's more to it?
user1: Thank you for letting me know! I'll look into the movie more on my own!
user2: He goes on to make a living hosting sales seminars

conversation:
user1: What is this movie about?
user2: hello 
user1: hi
user2: if u like movies that have a topic related to money 
user2: u would like this movie
user1: what is the name of the movie?
user2: the main character is leonardo di caprio 
user2: is about the wall street
user1: the wolf of wall street?
user2: yes
user2: have u watched it?
user1: I have seen most of it
user2: did u like it ?
user1: not particularly
user2: has a rotten tomatoes of 78%
user2: is suppose to be a dark comedy
user1: yes some parts were good but there was a lot of drug use
user2: i know 
user1: did you like it?
user2: did u remember the part were they are on a plain?
user2: doing drugs
user1: no not really? what happened?
user2: it was like a big party inside the plain
user1: were there a lot of people there
user2: and everybody was doing coke
user1: were they having a good time?
user2: like an orgy
user2: i bet idk 
user1: wow thats interesting
user2: well idk maybe u can give it a second chance and watch it this weekend
user1: yes that is a good idea, maybe i will like it better if i see the whole thing
user2: and the director was martin scorsese
user1: im not familiar with him
user2: he is pretty good director
user2: hello
user2: ?

conversation:
user2: I find this interesting because Its about there perception about them selfs.
user1: Yes, although I'm interested in the critics's notion that the character's weren't interesting to begin with lol
user2: It must be a very boring job being a stockbroker.
user1: It probably is, I wonder what would've happened to Belfort had he not engaged in corruption
user2: Its seem normal in that sort of business. I wonder if its based on any sort of facts
user1: Well it's based on a memoir, so i wonder how much of it is true too
user2: I could imagen lots, I would really like to read that original memoir.
user1: Me too. Do you agree with the rotten tomatoes rating?
user2: Yes I would say that is about right, Its the sort of film I would watch again,
user1: I don't usually watch movies of this genre, do you?
user2: Not normally but I have seen this. It would be an interesting lifestyle to lead.
user1: What do you think about the statement that a stockbroker's only job is to make money for themselves?
user2: I that is true for any high payed job people are never happy with they already have. Do you think drugs are a big thing with rich people?
user1: It would seem so.Glorified even. Just like one of the critical responses says so
user2: When he loses his job at L F Rocthschild he continues to make a success of himself so he must be good at what he does.
user1: I have no doubt he was good at what he did, too bad his other impulses led to his downfall
user2: He was also very popular with women. do you think it was just to do with his money?
user1: Yes, probably. What did you think about cheating on his wife with naomi, then marrying naomi?
user2: Its not really surprising that he got devoiced with that lifestyle. Do you think he feels guilty about getting Jordan into that lifestyle  
user1: He may or may not. Since that stockbroker lifestyle is very normalized, who knows if they ever saw beyond that
user2: Yes, I agree he seems very self-centred. are you surprised that the FBI hadn't caught up with him before? 
user1: Yes and no. He illegally made 22 million in 3 HOURS...I'm sure that HAD to caught theit attention otherwise that's incompetence
user2: what o you think about Jordan working for the FBI?
user1: I guess he had no choice, but he messed up when he warned Donnie about it

conversation:
user2: Hi there. Have you seen the Wolf of Wall Street?
user1: Yes, have you?
user2: No but it sounds interesting.
user1: I think it is very close to what actually goes on on Wall Street. It seems like such a high stress job, and they portray that well in the movie in my opinion
user2: It's suppose to be a comedy.  Is  it very funny?
user1: I don't think it was a comedy at all. Some of it was funny because of the people that are playing the characters though.
user2: I'm a big fan of some the actors in the movie.  I love Jonah Hill and Matthew McConaughey.
user1: Oh, yeah. Matthew McConaughey was great. He has a scene where he explains the Wall Street chest thump. Haha!
user2: Doesn't seem like the critics liked it very much though.
user1: Yeah, and I don't understand what they mean by "black comedy"? Black as in the race of people? Or black as in a "dark" comedy?
user2: I am assuming as in "dark".  I often disagree with critcs about movies so I am not discouraged.
user1: Yeah, I think so too.  I also generally disagree with the critics too.
user2: I see it has Leonardo DiCaprio also.
user1: Yes, it does. I generally like movies with him in it.
user2: Yes DiCaprio and McConaughey. You can't go wrong.
user1: I don't think so either!
user2: It sounds intense.  I really need to see this movie.
user1: They portray such a wild culture of the people "of Wall Street". I wonder if it is really like that. I know I mentioned earlier that I think it is, but I don't know. I sometimes feel like things are greatly exaggerated in movies.
user1: Yeah, you really should!
user2: If Wall Street is like this then WoW!!!
user1: I think Scorsese did a great job directing this movie. There are so many things that catch your eye, lol.
user1: HAHAHA! Yeah, right?!
user2: It's definitely on my list of must movies.  Scorsese is an amazing director.
user2: Stockbrokers, sex, drugs.... Sounds like a soap opera
user1: I think it sounds pretty legitimate. I mean, even people that don't have all that money are into sex and drugs almost obsessively, if not completely so. Sex and drugs, unfortunately, make the world go around. Oh, and money!
user1: It really is like an elongated soap in a way.
user2: I'm sure it ends in arrests and downfalls.  Just like Wallstreet!!!
user2: The mentor flaunts money at him and then gets him with drugs and women. 
user2: This will be added to my list of must sees!!
user1: Yeah, lmao! Nothing good comes of that life style. Probably death. Nothing gory or anything in this movie. Just realistic, I think. No matter how sad that may be!
user1: Fun movie to watch though.
user2: Camt
user2: Camt
user2: Can't wait to see it!!!

conversation:
user2: The Wolf of Wall Street 
user1: What is this movie about? 
user2: The movie stars Leonardo DiCaprio. It is a 2013 American Black Comedy. It;s based in New York ity and it talk about a stock broker named Jordan Belfort. Hisfirm Stratton Oakmont engaged in corruption and fraud on Wall Street that led to his downfall
user1: Interesting, is it any good? 
user2: There is an FBI agent that tries to bring him down 
user2: He is played by DiCaprio, and Jonah Hill is his business partner
user2: hello?
user1: I like those actors, is it more of a comedy or a drama?
user2: It's more of a comedy
user1: Did you like it, is it worth watching?
user2: I have not seen the movie, but I heard that the movie is great!
user1: What is it rated?
user2: rotten tomatoes: 78% and average 7.8/10
user1: I meant PG-13, R.. just curious if I could watch it around kids.  
user2: R
user1: I'll have to watch it.. I tend to enjoy most of DiCaprio's movies. Do you happen to know who directed it? 
user2: i am not sure
user1: are there any other well know actors?
user2: Magot Robbie, Klye Chandler, and Rob Reiner
user1: I think that it is an interesting plot. I don't know much about Wall Street though. 
user2: Wall Street is in NY and where a lot business are and they control the stock market and trading
user1: Is the movie set in present day?
user2: No it's in 1987
user1: Cool, so is it based on true events?
user2: Yes. It's about Jordan Belfort. Some Keys scenes of the movie are when he gets ajob as a stock broker in wall street and his employer Mark Hanna quickly entices him for sex and drugs and fueld there cultureas stock brokers and teaches him howto make money forhimself
user1: I think I'll go rent it on Friday.  Hopefully Blockbuster has a copy on VHS, because I haven't splurged on a DVD player yet.   
user1: I think they are remodeling in my town though, it is taking forever the front sign has been down for years... do you know who might have a copy?
user2: He get's arresed 2 years later because something that a colleuge said
user2: And the evidence against him is overwhelming he agrees to gather evidence on his colleagues in exchange for leniency
user1: Sounds similar to Catch me if you can.
user2: you could try online movie websites or redbox, netflix, etc
user1: I was wondering what a Redbox was, and why people stood in front of them. I guess they were watching Wolf of Wallstreet.  Seems sort of inconvenient to watch a movie standing up though.  
user1: I'm just kidding, I think I have enough information and just need to watch it.  Are you going to check it out?
user2: Yeah I seen a little bit of but not that much, it didn't really get my attention because it came outa while ago, but i'll probably check it out
user1: Thanks for the info

conversation:
user1: Hi how are you?
user2: hello there! fine thanks, and you?
user1: Doing good.  Are we talking about a movie?
user2: yes we are. the wolf of wall street.
user1: Oh I dont know a thing about that one.
user1: Is it a drama?
user2: it's semi-biographical drama/dark comedy
user1: OOH about who? and who plays the lead?
user2: It's about the antics of Jordan Belfort.
user2: He is the original "wolf of wall street".
user2: Leo di Caprio plays him.
user1: He is the main one?  who plays him?
user1: Boy, I like Leo, he's been in some good biographical stories
user2: He is the main one. The other characters revolve around his story.
user1: And who are some of theotheres?
user1: the others
user2: you Jonah Hill, as Leo side kick.
user2: Margot Robie plays his wife.
user2: Matthew McConaughey also features.
user1:  they work on Wall Street?
user1: I like Matt McConaghey too
user2: yeah, they are stockbrokers.
user1: Can You tell me a little bit about the story?.
user2: Belfort (leo) loses his job on wall street, and moves to NJ to start a penny stock company
user1: Wolf implies they were talking them for a ride
user2: he befriends his neighbor (Jonah Hill)
user2: and they are a company that employs very agressive selling tactisc.
user1: That's quite a switch from his other job.
user2: they make huge money. do lots of drugs and prostitutes
user2: FBI gets on their trail, they start money laundering
user1: The wife stays loyal?
user2: no, he cheats on her, they divorce, he marries one of his lovers
user1: You make it sound like something I should see.
user2: the lover divorces him as well when they start having problems with justice
user2: it's a funny film
user2: worth watching if you ask me
user1: Funny and half true
user2: yeah
user1: well you convinced me.
user2: are we done here?

conversation:
user1: This was a depressing movie.
user2: Wolf of Wall Street. What a movie. I loved Leonardo DiCaprio in it!
user1: He is always popular, for sure!
user2: Jonah Hill as Donnie Azoff was great also.
user2: Jordan Belfort lived such a crazy life as a stockbroker!
user1: Yes, I'd never seen him in a movie before. 
user1: Yeah, it's scary to think that people get so rich from being stock brokers.
user2: Also, Margot Robbie in this movie was fantastic. Her character was so good.
user2: Yes, I agree. The life they lived was so insane.
user1: I guess it's not unlike real life in NYC
user1: I wonder how the real person felt after seeing the movie about him.
user2: Yeah very true. NYC is like that.
user2: So do I. I wonder if he learned his lesson.
user1: I haven't been to NYC, just the state. I need to see what all the craziness is about!
user2: I loved the scene with Matthew McConaughey in the beginning of the movie.
user2: He was so funny. 
user1: I feel like, if he wrote a book that was made into a movie, he probably just got richer after telling his story.
user1: Yeah, McConaughey is a hottie too. lol
user1: I can't believe he married his prostitute.Pretty Woman style!
user2: Yeah! Crazy. He is crazy for that.
user2: When Jordan befriends Donnie and they fund their own company, I was so intrigued.
user1: Maybe I will Google and see what the real person is doing now.
user2: Seeing them recruiting all of their old buddies to work for them is great too.
user1: I would be curious to learn about being a stock broker the legal way, though!
user2: Even though they were doing illegal things, they were loyal to the ones they were close to.
user1: Yeah, that's interesting. I know people like that who will do screwy things, but are also very loyal.
user2: I loved the name Stratton Oakmont too. It felt very fitting.
user2: Haha yes me too!
user1: That's such a blue blood name! lol
user2: When Jordan was hiding all his money in Switzerland, I had a feeling he was going to get caught.
user2: After 2 years, he eventually does get caught and arrested!
user1: Yeah, I wonder how many other people are doing the exact same thing and not getting caught.
user1: I can't believe how fast he made 22 million, though.
user2: I know.
user2: I was disappointed when Jordan agrees to gather evidence of all his colleagues.
user2: He essentially ratted out his boys. That was messed up.
user1: Yeah, that isn't nice. Looking out for himself.
user2: Naomi, his wife, was right to divorce him!
user1: Oh yeah. And how crazy for him to try to kidnap his daughter.
user2: Yes!
user1: And crashing in the driveway. Wow. He didn't get far!
user2: Yes! Rightfully so! Donnie ratting out Jordan was crazy too.
user1: Jordan pretty much deserved it when Donnie ratted on him.
user2: Yes I agree.
user2: The FBI raided and shut down his firm, Stratton Oakmont.
user1: And yet, he is still teaching people how to sell. 
user2: At that point, I knew his career as a stockbroker was probably done.
user2: Lol! To be honest, I may take some tips from him!
user2: Okay, thank you for the time!
user1: He still managed to keep a career. 
user2: Bye now.
user1: Thanks, you too

conversation:
user1: What did you think of wolf of wall street?
user2: Hello, it wasn't bad
user2: You?
user1: I saw it and read the book. Pretty graphic stuff
user2: Yeah
user1: Shows what a bunch of pervs and lots of money can do I guess
user2: It came out 2013 though
user1: I think that was ok timing considering what the economy was like then
user1: Scorsese does ok with such things
user2: I guess
user2: It's rated 78% at Rotten Tomatoes
user1: I liked how Belfort got his start in the stcoik broker biz in 1987
user1: stock
user2: Yeah
user1: His mentor Rothschild was really as bad as they say too.
user2: It has pretty good cast though
user1: I always wondered if Rothschild was related to the same family in england
user2: Can't say
user1: Good cast yea
user1: Belfort startedn up a pump and dump company with his buddies.
user1: Lots of greedy people there
user2: Yeah, the director doesn't look too familiar 
user2: Martin Scorsese 
user1: I know MS made a lot of interesting films but I cant think of any now
user2: FBI came into the picture two years later 
user1: Jordan rats out his buddies later in the film
user2: Yep
user1: Then he goes into biz lecturing! LoL
user2: :) There was a divorce with a request of full custody of the children.
user1: Jordan was so messed up on drugs I have no idea why he would want to have kids around
user2: It's funny 
user2: Good chatting with you
user1: Later his buddy Donnie rats Jordan out too LoL
user1: ok bye

conversation:
user1: Hey!
user2: Hi
user1: Have you seen The Wolf of Wall Street?
user2: I have, I really enjoyed it.  Have you?
user1: Yes, I loved it. Martin Scorsese is an excellent director!
user2: He is and Leonardo DiCaprio is a great actor
user1: Love Leonardo Dicaprio. He was excellent in this movie, such a good fit
user2: Agreed and casting Margot Robbie as his wife was the perfect pairing
user1: Oh yes she is great as well
user1: I'm surprised at some of the responses, though. 
user2: Some of the responses in here?
user1: No, the critic responses. I see that it got a C CinemaScore. Some people said the characters were dull. I didn't find that to be true
user2: Oh, I see.  Rotten Tomatoes is known to be very tough on it's critique.    I think the critical reposes forget that the scope of the movie was fairly narrow because they had to take a story and condense into a few hours. 
user1: Yes, you are right about that. A lot of times, Rotten Tomatoes does get it wrong. It was a tough movie to direct i'm sure
user1: I am interested in Penny Stocks, so I thought this movie had a good premise of what Penny Stocks are and how they can cause some serious damage 
user2: Yes, especially when left unregulated. 
user1: Yes, absolutely! Jonah Hill is a great actor as well
user2: Agreed.  I am so use to seeing him in comedy roles, it was refreshing see him play this role.
user1: Yes.. I don't think anyone thought he could pull that off, haha
user1: Things on Wall Street are pretty similar today. Everyone is out to make money for themselves 
user2: It will always be that way.  I think a lot of people could relate to the movie.  its why it made it wildly successful 
user1: Yes, I think you're right about that
user1: Leo definitely should of won an Oscar for this one
user2: Not saying they can relate to Jordan Belfort.  He was a outlier.  He made lots of illegal trades.  Got caught up in the drugs an alcohol scene.  But the industry and the riches that can potentially come with it
user1: Absolutely! The illegal trading aspect of it isn't great. But I feel like there are so many people who do the same thing. Especially with the drugs and alcohol. I'm sure a ton of Wall Streeters live that exact lifestyle
user2: One of my favorite scenes is when he secures the Steve Madden IPO.  it was also his downfall
user1: Oh yes! That was a good scene. Very realistic as well
user1: Also, when Naomi decided to divorce him and take his kids
user2: Then the scene where Jordan gets arrested.  it kind of all brings it full circle
user1: And it actually made me feel bad for him.. As rotten as he was, you couldn't help to feel bad
user2: He made the best of his situation though.  I believe he now goes around the country an gives speeches on sales
user1: Yes he does! And I'm sure he's doing very well doing that 
user1: He got lucky only getting a few years in prison 
user2: white collar crime, i guess they went easy on him
user1: Yeah, plus he was in minimum security so he didn't get it too bad

conversation:
user1: Hello.
user2: Hi there, do you like Leonardo DiCaprio?
user2: He stars in the Martin Scorsese film "The Wolf of Wall Street", it has a 7.8 score on Rotten Tomatoes
user1: yes, I"m of a middling opinion of him.
user1: Are you a fan?
user2: He plays Jordan Belfort, the star in this one. I like his work
user1: Was the "Wolf of Wall Street" the movie which you read about?
user2: He also produces the movie. It stars Jonah Hall as well
user1: I saw advertisement on TV for that movie. Did the article like it?
user2: The critics were middle of the road about it, it got a C rating by CinemaScore
user1: Did you personally watch the movie?
user2: I saw it in 2014, a year after it came out. Belfort gets pretty heavy into the glamorous life of sex and drugs
user1: Yes, that was my impression from the advertisements of the movie. Small time guy, makes big bucks on Wall Street and his life seems to go adrift with sex, drugs and rock n' roll. 
user2: yes that's the gist of it, and he makes a small fortune living the life of fame..for awhile of course
user1: Besides the decadent rock star stuff. Was it a decent movie from character or plot standpoints? Worth watching from that vantage point?
user2: It's pretty engaging, the critic's declared it was epic and irresponsible regarding the budget and all. But the characters are quite interesting
user2: There's a scene that's nestled in the heart of the plot, where Jordan becomes friends with his neighbor, and it takes off from there
user1: Does his friend save him from a bad ending from the sex, drugs and R'nR or does Jordan drag him into that mess and down with him?
user1: or is the neighbor a love interst?
user2: He transfers his money to a Swiss bank account and kind of uses his friends to hide his habit
user2: oh he does come across a love interest, who he leaves his wife for
user1: Ah, does Jordan even have a love interest, old flame he gets rich and revisits or hooker with a heart of gold?
user1: leaves his wife, does that end well?
user2: His neighbor Donnie is actually the one who rats him out
user1: Donnie is the new love interest?
user1: or who he launders the money with.
user2: Naomi is his new love interest, they end up having children, but later divorce and it doesn't end well
user1: haha..kind of life life. I've been there. You say you saw it in 2014 would you see it again for free on Netflix if it was on? Pay to see it again with someone who hadn't seen it before?
user2: No i'm not really into seeing movies twice
user1: touche. thanks for the information and have a lovely day.

conversation:
user1: Hi! I think "The Wolf of Wall Street" is a great movie! Have you seen it?
user2: I have. I thought it was really good
user1: I was really amazed at Leonardo DiCaprio's performance in it. He was truly spectacular.
user2: I think it really showed the excess and craziness of stock trading world
user1: Yes it really made you feel like you were right there on Wall Street. I've always wondered what really went on in those firms.
user2: I really liked the part where the yacht got caught in the storm and they had to be rescued
user1: Oh yeah it's funny how just having money doesn't necessarily elevate you above everyone else.
user2: and how drugs and excess can ruin anyone
user1: Yeah that is a really good thing that everyone should always remember.
user1: I think all of the characters did someone learn that lesson though.
user2: Who was his buddy in the movie? Jonah Hill? He was a good actor in this movie
user1: Yeah Jonah Hill was an incredible actor. You forget where he started...
user2: Where did he start? Was he a child actor?
user1: Maybe not. Lol I think I'm getting confused with the Jonas Brothers...
user2: That would of been a weird movie considering the Jonas brother's background
user2: Wasn't his buddy married to his sister or something weird in the movie
user1: Yeah. But it would have been an effective way to get inside the drug induced worlds that they were living in.
user1: I believe so. I can't remember all the relationships. I always find those things sort of complicated.
user2: and the funny thing is Leo is as a big of a player in real life as was Jordan Belfort was
user1: Yeah all of these based on real life movies totally twist the reality part and make it into their own real world
user2: Don't buy penny stocks btw. It's not that they're a scam it's that scammers love them
user1: lol I only buy the big stocks!
user2: Oh I forgot Martin Scorcese directed this. He's always done good films
user1: Yes he's really one of the best directors that I can think of.
user1: Always making complicated movies... Often too thoughtful for me
user2: I saw Hugo I thought it was great
user1: I haven't seen that one yet. I have so many movies on my list of things to see though.
user2: Goodfellas, Raging Bull...,
user1: Yes those are some of my favorite movies actually!
user2: and Leo was in the Aviator too
user2: (I fell asleep during that one)
user1: Yes I haven't seen that one yet either though. I'm quite far behind I guess
user2: I haven't seen Shutter Island either. Looks like leo has been in a lot of Scorsese films

conversation:
user2: The wolf of wall street is such a great movie. Have you seen it?
user1: I haven't. Is it scary?
user2: No its a Black Comedy or Dark Comedy but to be honest I found it hilarious but not so dark.
user1: Who plays the main part?
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio plays the main character Jordon Belfort. You won’t believe it but this movie is based on a true story.
user1: Ooh I like Leo, and true stories! What is it about? 
user2: It recounts the story of Belfort as a fast talking stockbroker in New York city and the firm he created called StrattonOakmont. The firm was engaged in corruption and fraudulent activities on Wall Street.
user1: How long ago did it happen? In real life I mean?
user2: The movie was made in 2013 and the actual incident happened in the 90’s I think.

conversation:
user1: hello
user1: how are u
user1: wut?
user2: Hello, I'm good and you?
user1: um good lol
user1: can you tell me what movie u like?
user2: The movie is the wolf of wall street
user1: whats the summary
user2: Apparently it is a 2013 American black comedy
user1: who's playing in the movie?
user2: It was directed by Martin Scorsese and written by Terence Winter
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio
user1: do you like him>
user2: Jonah hill and margo Robbie
user2: do i keep going? I am not sure 
user2: if i will still get the credit for this

conversation:
user2: This looks like a interesting movie. I really like Martin Scorsese.
user1: I saw it awhile ago but I don't remember too much about it.. I remember liking it though, haha.
user2: I tend to like black comedies so this is something I should like.
user1: I wouldn't really consider this movie black comedy, no idea why it got labeled with that genre.
user2: I noticed critics liked it but the CinemaScore, which polls movie goers, is really low.
user1: I think overall it was a pretty well received movie.
user1: r
user1: Regardless of the ratings**
user2: I will have to watch it sometime!
user1: I definitely need to watch it again sometime.
user2: Oh it was written by Terence Winter, I really like him as well.
user1: I've never heard of Terence Winter before, but I did enjoy this movie so I guess I like his work.
user2: Not really a fan of stock market movies though, that's the only downside.
user2: The quotes under critical response aren't that great either.
user1: It's a lot more than just about stocks.. There's a lot of character growth in Leo's character as well
user2: Well if it isn't focused on stocks then I will have to check it out.
user2: Seems to be very adult, mentions sex and drugs, so that could be interesting.
user1: I definitely think you'd enjoy it.. especially if you already enjoy the director
user2: The #2 scene sounds really interesting. 
user1: Yeah I'm pretty sure there's a good bit of cocaine involved in the movie, if I remember correctly. 
user2: I will have to watch this tonight.
user1: I remember bits and pieces of scene #2.
user2: Yeah, sounds like a lot is going on in this movie.
user2: Which isn't a bad thing, it shouldn't be dull.
user1: There is, and Leonardo DiCaprio's character tops it off.
user1: Yeah it definitely kept my attention the whole way through! I think it's a bit on the longer side as well.
user2: Well it gave it away! LOL
user2: I will still have to see it though, it sounds interesting.
user2: Plus I like a lot of the people involved. 
user1: Yeah it doesn't help that the whole plot is being shown to us right now, lol!
user2: Oh well, at least it showed me the movie. I had never heard of it before.
user2: Yeah, I'll have to watch this tonight.
user1: Nice, I hope you enjoy it as much as I did!

conversation:
user2: Do you know the movie we are suppose to talk about?
user2: Are you there?
user1: Hello

conversation:
user1: hello
user1: what do u think about the wolf of wallstreet?
user2: Hello
user2: I believe this is a good movie.
user1: do you know all the actors
user2: I am mostly familiar with Leonardo DiCaprio
user1: ok
user2: what did you like about the movie?

conversation:
user2: Hello!  I just saw a great movie!
user1: Hello! 
user1: How did you like it? 
user2: Love it"  It seems like everything Martin Scoresese directs turns to gold!
user2: Have you seen it?
user1: I agree! 
user1: Yes I loved it also 
user1: Are you a DiCaprio fan? 
user2: I didn't use to like Leonardo DiCaprio but this film changed my mind.
user2: I'm a bona fide Leo fan now!
user1: I can see why! Lol 
user2: What did you think of the ratings?
user1: The ratings seem typical to me. What about you? 
user2: They were kind of low.  It was interesting to get a look at Wall Street during the Great Depression.
user1: Yeah I agree. Definitely interesting. 
user2: Makes me want to buy some penny stocks after seeing DiCaprio hit the jackpot.
user1: Lol, I said the same 
user1: Are you a Jonah Hill fan? 
user2: I am now!  What about the step-by-step guide to making $32 million in 3 hours?
user2: Oops, $22 million.
user2: And the how-to guide for hiding money offshore like he did!
user1: Right! How brilliant was that! lol 
user2: Stratton Oakmont, what a name for crooks to call themself. LOL
user1: lol haha I know, right 
user1: The spiraled out of control rather quickly with the drug addictions, that was a little difficult to watch. 
user1: Awesome movie though 
user2: FBI rescued him I would say.  He was headed downhill fast.  And he only gets 3 years in jail.
user1: Yeah I agree, things definitely could have been worse 
user2: He was much better off doing sales seminars.  Seems like there might be a Wolf 2?
user1: Definitely! And I hope so, I'd definitely be interested in seeing it. 
user2: All in all it was an awesome movie.
user2: Its been fun chatting with you!
user1: Absolutely 
user1: Same here 
user2: Have a great day! Bye.

conversation:
user1: Hi there!
user1: Have you seen The Wolf of Wall Street?
user2: Oooh, oooh, oooh, I love me some Leonardo DiCaprio!
user1: I know!  He's the best.  He was great as Jordan Belfort.  I also loved Jonah Hill.  What a different role for him.
user2: I've also seen every movie that has ever has Matthew McConaughey, in it, for reasons.
user1: I'm surprised he wasn't a main character in this movie!  I guess Martin Scorsese didn't want him to be that involved.
user2: Maybe he had personal problems with the writer, Terence Winter?
user1: I'm surprised that the movie only received basically an average of a C rating.  I remember reading one review saying the characters seemed dull.
user2: Yeah, It doesn't seem to have that great of a Rating, only a 78% on Rotten Tomatoes. However, I'll be damned If I wasn't Ogling over Leonardo DiCaprio, and his Exhilarating Performance. 
user1: I guess it helped that Leo was also a producer on the movie.  I thought him and Margot Robbie worked well together.  Their relationship was definitely dynamic.
user2: Maybe I'm just a big fan of Rampant Corruption and Fraud. Kind of like the firm Stratton Oakmont. 
user1: I had never known about penny stocks before this movie.  There was the scene where he joins that Long Island firm that dealt with those.
user2: Yeah, it was all new information to me as well. It was kind of hard to see the line where Leo went from being a really good Penny Stock Salesman, to a fraudster. 
user1: Yeah just crazy how they got into sex and drugs and the crazy lifestyle.    I hadn't heard of Black Monday either.
user2: Yeah, still a little uncertain on that one haha. I will say this though, He deserved better than his previous career. However I just wish he hadn't done all those bad things. But I guess that's why its a movie right
user1: It's just crazy that he had a business partner and a wife and was still leading this whole crazy career.  It was also kind of crazy to imagine that this all started in 1987.
user2: All in Long Island too! Seems like New York is the place to be!
user1: I just thought it was crazy that he met Naomi while married...has an affair, gets divorce and then marries Naomi.  She sure was getting into a crazy situation.
user2: Yeah and then he befriends his Crazy Neighbor, played by that Crazy Jonah Hill. And those Crazy Bastards start a firm together! Now if you want to talk about a Crazy Dynamic, then the chemistry between Jordan and Donnie is where I would point you.
user1: I can't believe Naomi let him open a swiss bank account in her mom's name to hide money.  But he was good at tricking people and fraud.
user2: Yeah that was crazy, but that did help keep the money out of the American Government's reach. So I suppose it was a good plan.
user1: Well making 22 million in three hours is what tipped off his craziness to the FBI.  He should have been smarter and they would have never started looking into him.
user2: Yeah but it is hard to turn down an opportunity to play with Steve Madden's IPO.
user1: I know you like Leo a lot, but I was done with his character when he tried to run off with his daughter in the car.  Thank heavens, he crashed and she wasn't heard.  I was happy that Naomi was leaving him.
user2: I think Naomi knew what she was getting into when she married him. I felt her leaving him was a betrayal. The first divorce I understood, because Leo's character basically did a 180 degree turn. 
user1: Maybe you're right.  I was happy that Donnie finally got some guts and turned in Jordan.  I know Jordan was trying to help him out but he walked all over Donnie the whole movie.
user2: I don't know, that still doesn't sit right with me. Jordan risked everything to give Donnie a head's up. Only to have Donnie stab him in the back. I can understand Donnie's betrayal, if there was no redemption by Jordan, but that simply wasn't the case. 
user1: Well he was still lucky to only serve three years.  And then he got to teach his sales technique!
user2: Yeah, that was cool. It seemed kind of fitting that he ended up hosting seminars.

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Have you seen The Wolf of Wall Street?
user2: oh, man, have i
user1: Definitely not for everyone, but I enjoyed it.
user2: RT gives it a 78, but in my mind it's a solid 83 or 84
user2: I like to see stuff like this from Scorsesi rather than Huggo or other stuff he's done modernly.

conversation:
user2: Hello, how are you?
user2: Have you seen this movie before?
user1: Yes. Have you?
user2: No, I haven't
user2: But the cast of actors looks pretty good!
user2: DeCaprio can make any movie good
user1: It's a great movie! I've seen it many times. I love leonardo Dicaprio.
user1: I agree. He's such a great actor, and Jonah Hill really does great in this movie.
user2: Me too, great in Catch me if you can and Titanic!
user2: is this movie based on a true story?
user1: Titanic is such a classic. I love it. 
user2: me too!
user2: timeless!
user1: Yes! Based on Jordan Belfort
user2: so it's about Wall Street corruption
user2: I heard that Margot Robbie is a good actress too-very attractive, but I've not seen any movies with her yet
user1: Yes, basically about a guy who starts off with pretty much no money and slowly rises to power and controls the biggest wall street company 
user1: She is great! She's in suicide squad too. She had to take a shot of whiskey before the sex scene with Leo because she was so nervous. She was only 21 in this movie
user2: that sounds like something that could happen-wall street people are a crooked bunch, I'm familiar with that culture being formerly from New York!
user2: Oh wow, I did not know that!
user2: The rotten tomatoes gave it 7.8, that's pretty good
user1: Oh yeah, you'd probably really like it then.
user1: I would give it 8 or 9/10, I am a really big fan of this movie.
user1: Do you think you'll watch it?
user2: I'll definitely look into seeing this-would be a nice break from all the dark apocalyptic movies and action heroes!:-)
user1: My husband is a huge DC and marvel fan, so I know what you mean! 
user2: Tired of it!:-) especially if you are not a comics fan, how many Thor movies can you really watch!:-)
user1: Do you enjoy other Scorsese films?
user2: definitely! he is a great director!
user2: His movies always have a substance and depth!
user1: I agree. He's so talented, and his vision for films is incredible! 
user2: and he always picks great actors!
user1: Definitely agree. 
user1: Do you like Jonah Hill?
user2: I'm not sure I know him-I know there are a lot of younger actors out there and I don';t watch movies very frequently
user2: Is he good?
user1: I like his character in this movie because he's a lot more serious and it's a nice change of pace from his other comedy films. 
user2: Thanks for telling me about the movie I'll be sure to see it, I think we can move forward now, I hope you have a good day!
user1: Yes, he's a comedy actor but this was one of his first break out roles in this genre, and getting to work with Scorsese was a big deal for him. 
user1: You too! 
user2: Thanks so much, bye!

conversation:
user1: Hi there
user2: hi
user1: What movie are we talking about?
user2: Wolf of Wall Street
user1: Ah, I like that movie
user1: have you seen it?
user2: Yes I have
user1: Did you like it?
user2: Its about a stock broker who is very corrupt. I like its humor and plot
user1: Remind me who was in it?
user2: DiCaprio, Jonah Hill and Margot Robbie
user1: Right.  I like Jonah Hill
user1: He's been in a lot of good movies
user1: So has DiCaprio
user2: Do you remember the scene where the investment banker decided that the stock market was easy to manipulate?
user1: Remind me what he does then?
user2: He gets a job as a stockbroker, but gets laid off on Black Monday
user2: then gets a job at a penny stock brokerage
user2: and finds out the best way to juke stocks is a good sales pitch
user1: Ah that's right, the drives up the prices of penny stocks
user1: so manipulating the system
user1: I don't think that's something I could do
user1: That's how things start for him, right?  Then he opens his own firm?
user2: its not for everyone. He also gets more involved when he meets Jonal Hill's characters
user2: yeah thats when
user1: then things get crazy!
user1: talk about a wild lifestyle
user2: yeah they do a pump and dump scam
user2: the fbi begins to catch on
user1: He gets caught, right?
user1: Then he doesn't end up having to go to jail for very long if I remember correctly
user2: yeah some one rats him out
user2: he serves three years
user1: does he have to pay restitution?

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: hello. have you seen this movie?
user2: Yes, I've watched The Wolf of Wall Street.
user2: How about you?
user1: I have not. do you agree with the rating of the move listed?
user2: Yes.
user2: I agree with the rating of this movie.
user2: For me the movie is average. Nothing special.
user2: 78% is still a good rating.
user1: do you think that Leo Dicaprio portrayal of Jordan was a good performance?
user2: Yeah, I think so. But Dicaprio is not for comedy movie, in my opinion.
user1: Was the movie very funny?
user1: I wasn't sure what the genre " black comedy" referred to
user2: There are some scene that it is funny, example is when DiCaprio is scamming other people.
user1: so it took place in the past, 1987?
user2: Yes, it took place on 1987.
user2: You can ask me more about the movie. Don't be shy.
user1: do you generally watch " black comedy" type of movies?
user2: No, honestly this is the only kind of black movie that I've watched.
user2: I mean black comedy.
user1: did you think the characters were dull?
user2: When it comes to acting skills, I think they are not dull. Most of them are good actors.
user1: Based on the paragraph, it sounds like Jordan was really smart to pull off the scheme that he did
user1: 22 million in 3 hours is CRAZY
user1: are you there?

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hello!
user1: Are u there 
user2: I am here. 
user2: Have you seen The Wolf of Wall Street?
user1: No I’ve nevef seen it 
user1: What is it about ?
user2: It's really good. It's about a guy who gets into stock investing, makes a killing, then loses it all.
user2: He got involved in corruption and fraud. 
user2: Does this sound like something you would be interested in?
user2: Are you still there?

conversation:
user2: I would like to talk about the movie "The wolf of Wall Street".
user1: Okay, what is the movie about?
user2: It is a black comedy.
user1: What do you mean by that description?
user2: It is about the career of a stockbroker from his own perspective.
user1: Interesting, why do you think it has become popular?
user2: His company is involved in fraud and corruption.
user1: okay. What ages do you think the movie is appropriate for?
user2: The movie rates average on Rotten tomatoes.
user1: Why would someone dislike the movie
user2: The whole stockbroker theme seems to be more intersting for adults.
user1: Yes that is true. Is it a good movie to watch with a group of friends?
user2: Let me tell you about a key scene at the movie start.
user1: Okay sounds good
user2: In the 80ies Jordan works as a stockbroker in a big company.
user2: He is shown how the whole system works and what stockbrokers do on the weekend (sex&drugs).
user2: But his career is soon finished with Black Monday.
user2: And he takes a new job aggressively selling penny stocks.
user2: There he start to make a small fortune.
user1: Hmm sounds like a good start to a movie 
user1: sets up for a lot of interesting content to follow
user2: Jordan is paly by Leonardo Di Caprio.
user2: *played.
user1: Yes that is a great actor to play a lead role in this type of movie 
user2: The movies director is Martin Scorsese.
user1: I don't know much about directors
user2: If you like the actor you really should be watching this movie.
user1: Yes I like the actor, he is very talented and stars in many great movies 
user2: Let me tell you more about the content.
user1: sure 
user2: Later on Jordan find two friends and they found a company.
user2: He trains them in the art of the "hard sell". That is a "pump and dump scam".
user2: He names the company Stratton Oakmont to make it seem legit.
user2: But it is not really legit. Two years later the FBI arrests him.
user1: Oh wow 
user1:  not a good situation!
user2: Hello?

conversation:
user2: Hi, How are you doing today?
user1: Hi, I'm good how are you
user2: Very good, thanks!
user2: Have you see "Wolf of Wallstreet"?
user1: Yes I have, have you? Leonardo DiCaprio was excellent as Jordan Belfort, and I'm glad it did so well on rotten tomatoes
user2: I really liked it
user1: Me too, I thought it was an interesting look on wall st
user2: DiCaprio was incredible
user2: Yeah, it showed just how corrupt it really was/is
user1: Yeah, Margot Robbie was awesome too 
user1: It was crazy 
user2: Matthew McConaughey  made a great cameo
user2: She was fantastic! She stole her scenes
user2: Even Jonah Hill turned in a great performance.
user1: I wonder if you can still make money like Jordan Belfort did in the movie
user1: That would be insane 
user1: I think too many people are involved with trading now though
user2: Yeah, I think unless your doing insider trading that it's just a crap shoot
user2: I'm sure some of this stuff still goes on though
user1: definitely without as many drugs/sex haha 
user1: THe scene where they tried smuggling money into Switzerland was hilarious 
user2: yeah it was. Watching Johan Hill sweat was hilarious
user2: DiCaprio just became more and more corrupt
user2: and his drug problem just fueld it
user2: Hise rise was as sudden as his downfall.
user1: Yeah, it was funny watching the first scence where he meets Mark Hanna with the pounding stuff 
user1: And then the end where he
user1: 's high and driving around
user1: and essentially ruins his life
user2: That driving scene was hilarious
user2: He lost everything- money, power and his wife and family
user1: Yeah, and drags Donnie and everyone down with him 
user1: I'm glad Donnie was able to somewhat put an end to Jordan's craziness thoug
user1: h
user2: Even with a small prison sentence he still bounced back on his feet.
user2: Yeah, Donnie turned on him but it was justified.
user2: Martin Scorsese is an excellent director
user2: He deserves the accolades he gets.
user2: Are you still there?
user1: Yes, sorry!
user1: I like Martin Scorsese a lot 

conversation:
user2: I really loved this movie.
user1: Yes, it was very interesting.
user1: Leonardo did great!
user2: I wasn't aware of the story at first, but I really did like the tone and style it used to convey how silly and unbelievable the whole thing was. 
user1: Yes, it was indeed silly.
user2: I know a lot of people didn't like it because they thought it was glorifying a criminal, but I thought that the main character didn't come across as likable at all. It was just entertaining.
user1: I didn't mind him.
user2: Did you think the story was accurate or did you think some parts where embellished?
user1: I think that the story was definitely embellished but honestly it was entertaining and I would watch it again if I was asked to.
user2: What was your favorite part? I think I liked the part where they were first getting the company started. It was great to see how an empire starts from humble beginnings. 
user1: Meh, not really. I prefer the scenes when Jordan got pissed. They're funny to me.
user2: I actually liked the more technical aspects of the movie like how they started off by dealing penny stocks.
user1: Yeah. Not me, I prefer the dialogue and character development more.
user2: I thought the acting was good too. I didn't used to like Leo but as he's matured I think he's gotten better as an actor. Like you said, he was pretty good in this film.
user1: I've always liked his movies, especially the well-known Titanic.
user2: Do you think that Leo deserved an Oscar for Wolf Of Wallstreet?
user1: Maybe, I'd say there's a lot of competition for him, even. So probably not.
user2: Speaking of some more scenes I liked, I also liked the parts where he goes overseas to hide his money. Things like that are interesting to me.
user1: Really? That's neat. I like drama so the affair with Jordan was really more interesting to me.
user2: Which scenes that involved drama did you like?
user1: When his wife found out, and when the FBI got way more involved.
user1: Action scenes too.
user2: I see. Yeah I did like the scenes that involved how his actions and personality started to affect his family.
user1: Yeah, heart wrenching. I can't believe he tried running off with his daughter after the divorce.
user2: Am I the only one who didn't like the character that Jonah Hill played. I mean the actor was good but the character was somebody I found despicable and I hated how he was mainly the reason the business was destroyed.
user1: I mean probably not. I'm sure there's a majority vote corresponding to how you find his character to be despicable. I myself don't blame you for that. The business was ruined by Donnie.
user2: But I guess at the end of the day, you can't be too mad that a criminal ruined his criminal buddy's business.
user1: It happens.
user2: I do think that as despicable as the characters were you have to admire their street smarts.

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: hi
user1: can you see a document?
user2: Do you like this Genre of movie?
user1: I don't have a document, I believe you have to relay the information to me
user2: Do you like this Genre of movie?
user2: Do you like this Genre of movie?
user1: I don't know what the genre is
user1: Can you provide me some information about the movie?

conversation:
user1: Hi there
user2: Hello there
user1: And about which movie are we talking about? 
user2: Have you ever watched "The Wolf of Wall Street " Film ?
user1: Yes I have
user1: It was okay but way too long I think

conversation:
user1: Hi there
user2: Hey! The movie we're supposed to discuss is the Wolf of Wall Street. Have you watched it?
user1: I've seen bits and pieces but not the entire thing
user1: What is it about?
user2: I haven't watched it either, but so far based on this document I have, it doesn't look that great. It's about a guy who worked as a stockbroker in NYC and worked at a firm with a ton of corruption and fraud
user1: Ah, so I'm guessing its a drama? 
user1: Is it based on a true story?
user2: Weirdly enough it's supposed to be a "black comedy"...and yeah it's based on a true story. The guy's name is Jordan Belfort. He wrote a memoir about his experience
user1: "black comedy"? As in African American?
user2: That's what I was confused by...it's definitely all white actors. Maybe it means "dark comedy"? The genre listed here says black comedy for some reason
user2: Maybe in real life the guy Jordan Belfort is black, but I don't know for sure
user1: I could see where they would mean a dark comedy... Although I'm not sure how funny Wall Street corruption is
user2: Yeah, apparently critics say it was pretty dull. It got decent rotten tomato scores, but I don't think it's as funny as they tried to make it seem
user1: If the critics say that it was dull than I'm scared to watch it, typically they enjoy dull

conversation:
user1: What kind of movie is this?
user2: Black Comedy
user1: Have you seen it before?
user2: Yes, I have. I quote it often, actually
user1: What is your favorite quote from the movie?
user2: This movie came out in 2013 with Leonardo Dicaprio.
user2: "Sell me this pen."
user1: What is is about?
user2: Leo was even the producer as well.
user2: What is the movie about or what is the quote about?
user1: What is the movie about, sorry!
user2: A man's career as a stock broker in NYC and the corruption and fraud
user2: How all of that led to his downfall.
user2: Theres an FBI agent who tries to take him down, who is played by Patrick Denham
user2: Even Matthew McConaghey is in the movie!
user2: A few more cast members are Naomi Lapaglia, Kyle Chandler and Margot Robbie.

conversation:
user1: Hi there!
user2: Hi Happy monday! :)
user1: Indeed.
user1: So.
user2: wow, I can't believe this movie is from 2013, time flies, it seems newer than that to me!
user1: I'm telling you about my movie? 
user1: The main protagonist finally won his first academy award last year!
user2: We get to talk about the movie, Wolf of Wall Street, have you seen it?
user1: I have seen it. 
user1: It's one of my favorites and the star is an excellent actor!
user2: Leonardo DeiCaprio is a great actor in this movie, as was Jonah Hill!
user1: As well as the less-famous co-star
user1: love them both
user1: I do feel there was a heavy amount of drug use tho
user2: Yeah, not a kid friendly movie for sure! lol
user2: I can't believe the  ratings, wow, should be much higher in my opinion
user1: yeah 7.8 does seem a bit low.
user1: I'd give it an 8.5
user2: One of my favorite movies actually, I'd have to give it a 10 and an A. :)   I love how shows how he worked his way up.
user1: the movie was certainly epic in size and narrow in scope.
user1: Are we supposed to be getting a separate document for this survey soon?
user2: I enjoyed the penny stock scene where he more of less teaching them all how to sell at that very small investment firm.
user2: no the top just updates with a new scene to discuss
user1: ah.
user1: I see it now.
user1: Martin Scorsese
user1: Do you know any other movies directed by him?
user2: no, doesnt sound too familiar
user1: and I'm not sure what "black" comedy is referring to as a genre
user1: $22 million in 3 hours.
user1: that's crazy.  
user2: black comedy is like dark comedy or is generally considered taboo
user1: ah ok
user2: It was interesting watching how like he went from normal life, to middle class, to rich, and then loses it all
user2: kind of moral of story about greed in a way
user1: can't believe he was only imprisoned for 3 years.
user2: I know, he must of gave up a lot of information 
user1: and clearly damaged his relationships along the way.
user2: right, he had a wife before the one wife, so he had two divorces
user2: he left the first one, and then the second one left him.
user1: correct.  
user1: looks like that's the end of the document.
user2: which seems a bit like karma
user1: great movie after all!
user2: Good talk! :)
user1: are we able to finish conversation?
user2: yep!
user2: have a good day!
user1: You too
user1: thanks 
user1: bye

conversation:
user2: Hello User 2! What's your movie's name?
user1: Hi.  Do you like movies about business?
user2: Sometimes, it really depends, what's it about?
user1: It's the Wolf of Wall Street.
user2: Oh wow, I've heard a lot of good things about that one. What's the actor
user2: 's name?
user1: It stars Leonardo DiCaprio as Jordan Belfort
user2: He's a usually a good one. What kind of role does he play? Should I be ready more for an action role of his or something else?
user1: It's more of a black comedy from Belfort's perspective.
user1: He was involved in rampant corruption and fraud.
user2: I take it that's a commentary on the US's economy or something then?
user1: No, not really.  It's about his lifestyle and his craziness.
user2: That's a different direction than I expected. Do you know anything about the kinds of reception the movie's gotten?
user1: He liked to party a lot according to the critics.
user1: 78% Rotten Tomatoes and average 7.8/10
user1: MetaCritic Score 75/100
user1: CinemaScore: C
user2: That's mostly consistent, so it sounds like I'll like the movie, but it won't rock my socks off.
user2: Who directed it?
user1: A guy named Mark Hannah turned him on to the sex and drugs Wall Street lifestyle.
user2: What else is the movie about?
user1: That's about it, it's an over the top movie that some critics claimed is "epic in size, claustrophobically narrow in scope".
user1: "Irresponsible glorification" of the crazy lifestyle and corruption, also.
user2: Eesh, that's a pretty harsh criticism. I'm guessing this wouldn't be a family friendly film I could take my kids to then
user1: No, not at all.  Lots of prostitutes and drugs.
user2: Are there any other noteworthy names in the movie?
user1: They launched an IPO, to their credit.  They had a big company.
user1: Yes.  Jonah Hill, Margot Robbie, Matthew McConaughey.
user2: Huh, I didn't think Jonah Hill would be in this kind of movie. Are there any kinds of politics in it?
user1: No.  Jonah Hill is his business partner, friend and partner in crime.  He's wild.
user2: What kind of people do you think would like this kind of movie? I'm usually into more wholesome films and this reminds me of a serious version of "The Hangover" almost
user1: Yes, this is like the Hangover.
user1: It's not necessariy more serious than the Hangover.
user2: What parts of the movie would you like?
user1: I saw the whole thing, and it was all crazy, but I guess it was all good.  That said, it was long and once you saw it once it is hard to watch it again for me.  I could watch it again with someone else though.
user2: Do you know the exact movie length?
user1: It doesn't say here, but I would estimate over 2 hours of debauchery overall.  It is a black comedy because it does show the consequences such as prison time unlike The Hangover.
user2: Sounds like a mind-numbing whirlwind of prostitutes and money to me. I'm wondering what kind of conflict they could make arise from that, other than, "We got caught, now there's some kind of consequences", and then one of the characters make some kind of artificial growth
user1: I guess, that sounds about right.

conversation:
user2: Hey there
user1: hello
user2: How did you like the movie
user1: It was ok I was hoping for more depth in the story
user1: what did you think?
user2: I loved it
user2: I think it was one of the best real life stories out there
user1: Oh I didn't know it was a real life story
user2: It is 
user2: That’s the best part
user1: well that changes things a little bit then
user2: Do you like leo dicaprio?
user1: yes he is a great actor
user2: In what sense?
user1: He draws the audience in and can play any role well
user2: No
user1: did you think the other actors were good in the movie
user2: I mean in what sense does that make a difference 
user1: he is a good actor and doesnt always play the same role
user2: I see
user2: Certainly 
user2: The movie did have some fix ups to make it more interesting tho
user1: yes i agree
user2: Thats how all real life based movies are aren’t they
user1: yeah i guess so
user2: Alright 
user2: In this he frauds people in investment and takes their money
user1: Yeah it is interesting to know that it was a true story
user2: I liked margot robbies role
user1: Yeah I like her too. She was pretty good. The drama with the divorce was pretty good
user2:  yes really.
user2: It was kind of bad that he punched her in the end
user2: When he got pissed
user1: yeah but thats what happens in real life. 

conversation:
user2: Have you seen The Wolf of Wall Street? It's a black comedy by Martin Scorcese starring Leonardo DiCaprio. It's great.
user1: I actually have not, I've seen other Scorsese movies and films with DiCaprio but never Wolf of Wall Street.
user1: What's the plot generally about?
user2: I really recommend it. It's about a stockbroker and how he and his firm are really corrupt. Leo is the stockbroker. It's based on the real life memoir by Jordan Belfort.
user1: It definitely sounds intriguing, I've heard a lot of good things from friends too
user1: I remember reviews saying it gives a legitimately accurate view of corruption in business
user2: Yeah, and the cast is good too. Jonah Hill is his business partner and Margot Robbie is his wife. Matthew McConaughey and Kyle Chandler are in it too
user1: Pretty rare for Jonah Hill to be doing a non-comedy, that's enough reason to check it out
user1: Is this your favorite movie with Leo?
user2: It came out in 2013. I can't believe it's already 5 years old!
user2: Wolf of Wall Street is my favorite Leo movie!
user2: yes
user1: At least it's recent enough that it wouldn't be out of style watching it now
user1: Being a business school student is more motivation to check it out
user1: Hopefully it's as good as you say it is!
user2: a lot of people like it...it's got a decent rotten tomatoes score as well. 78%
user1: Though apparently that website can be misleading, because it only tells you the percent of people who "liked" it
user1: Still, that's a solid rating
user1: Have you watched movies before similar to it?
user2: The film has some great scenes (spoiler alert) where Leo's character gets into the whole sex and drugs aspect of the stockbroker life.
user2: I don't think there is anything quite like it. It's a black comedy and there aren't a ton of those I don't think. The ones that are out there, don't deal with this subject matter.
user2: do you think you are going to check it out?

conversation:
user2: Hello!  How are you today?  Do you have any good movie recommendations?
user1: yeah
user1: movie i recommend is wolf of wall street
user2: Okay great!  What is Wolf of Wall Street about?
user1: it's a black comedy directed by amrtin scorsese
user1: it's based on a true story about jordan belford
user1: belfort*
user2: Oh Scorse has won many awards.
user1: how he begins his journey in wallstreet, and slips into pink slip business
user1: aka penny stock
user2: Oh okay
user2: Is Jordan Belford a good guy?  Or a bad guy?
user1: that's the dilemma in the movie
user2: Who plays Jordan Belford?
user1: jordan belfort does get into pink slip business, but at the end he loses all
user1: leonardo dicaprio
user1: great actor
user2: Yes I love him
user1: also fetures jonah hill and margot robbie
user2: Who else is in the movie?  Anyone I would recgonize?
user2: Oh great thanks.  I like them all.
user2: Is it a movie that I could watch with my 11 year old?
user1: no
user1: def no
user1: there's a lot of nudity and inappropriate languge in the film
user2: Okay thanks.
user2: Is it funny at all?
user2: Or just serious?
user1: very funny
user1: not too serious, but it does get little bit serious at the end
user1: the movie itself is narrated by dicarpio himself
user1: it's very funny if you like dark humor
user2: Do you know if the movie won any awards?
user1: i do not
user1: sorry
user2: No worries
user2: It sounds like it will be an interesting movie to watch this week 
user2: Is it still at the movie theaters?
user2: Or is it on DVD
user1: it's on dvd
user1: if you have netflix it should availiable there as well
user2: Awesome.  Thank you so much for your recommendation.  I will check it out!
user1: no problem
user1: have a great day!

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: hey
user1: lol look at the genre
user2: Haha, yea I know.
user2: It definitely fits the movie.
user1: This movie was pretty awesome.
user2: Yea, I definitely enjoyed it.
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio was fantastic
user1: I love almost anything he is in
user2: Same.  Plus you can't go wrong with Martin Scorsese in the director's chair.
user1: I couldn't tell you his movies, but I know hes good, ha
user2: Yes indeed.
user2: I loved Matthew McConaughey as Mark Hanna.  He was such a good jerk of a boss/
user1: The drugs in this scene, and the movie as a whole, were intense
user2: Yea for sure.  He really ramped it up with the penny stocks.  
user1: I was just about to say that
user2: "Aggressive pitching style" is a bit of an understatement I would say, haha.
user1: Lets you know hes revolutionary and actually important to the history of the stock market
user2: Yes indeed.
user1: Man... Jordan's poor girlfriend 
user2: I know, I felt so bad for her when he left her.  You can tell from her reaction how much the industry was morphing him into a monster.
user2: I thought Jonah Hill was great in his role.  Its the first time I have seen him in something kind of serious.
user1: Yeah, she would gradually look at him with more and more displeasure 
user1: Totally agree, nice change of pace. He was great
user1: We all knew the arrest was coming
user2: Yea I know.  The FBI was on to him like blood hounds.
user2: And I wasn't surprised at all when he spilled the beans on his colleagues.
user1: Boy.. He was in full psycho mode here, huh?
user2: Yea for sure, the scene where he crashes is ridiculous.
user1: The arrest probably saved his life in all seriousness 
user1: the rate he was going
user2: Definitely. He was going full speed down a dark path.
user2: Such an incredible story.
user1: I knew Donnie was a rat the whole time
user2: Yea for sure.
user1: My favorite black comedy of all time.
user1: :)
user2: Right on. Well, it has been nice chatting with you about the movie.  Glad to meet someone else who enjoyed it as much as I did
user1: We done?
user1: you sure?
user1: Yeah that was a solid chat about a great movie
user2: Yep, we are done.  Have a wonderful evening.
user1: you too

conversation:
user1: I really enjoyed this film- I thought Leonardo DiCaprio did a great job as the lead actor. I also thought that the plot of the movie was very unique and gave an interesting point of view into stock trading.
user2: It seems Scorsese made a picture that showed Wall Street in a negative light, wouldn't you say?
user1: I guess it depends on your point of view. I could definitely see that. But I think the movie tends to glorify the lifestyle as well at times.
user1: How did you feel about the supporting cast?
user2: Leo usually does a great job. I thought he captured the recklessness of his character.
user2: I like Jonah Hill, but I'm not very familiar with the other actors.
user1: I agree. It seems the reviews on the movie were somewhat mixed, though. It did not seem to do very well critically.
user2: How many stars would you give it?
user1: I would say four out of five...it wasn't perfect, but I think it was better than the average reviews it received.
user2: Are you a DiCaprio fan?
user1: Yes, I really like his work. He tends to do well in any lead that he's placed in.
user2: The language turned me off, but I suppose it was realistic.
user2: Could you see another actor doing a better job?
user1: Yes. I think the penny stocks scene was important to setting up his personality. That he was willing to do anything to make money throughout the movie. 
user1: I'm not sure that I could, but there are many talented actors out there, so it's always a possibility. 
user2: He seemed like a desperate person, constantly under stress and afraid of failure.
user2: Do you know anyone who works on Wall Street?
user1: Not personally, no. That would be an interesting insight into how this film contrasts with real world figures, though. What about you?
user2: No, no Wall Street connection here. I actually pitied the Jordan character because he seemed to have no soul. Just greed.
user1: Yes, I think that was clearly evident throughout the film.
user2: If we can believe some reports, most investors are that way. It's all about greed and power.
user2: At least the big-time investors...
user1: The scamming scene exemplifies that as well... he brought in other desperate people to work for him in order to take money from other individuals by illegal means. Though it was an entertaining part of the film watching the FBI and SEC try to take him down.
user2: He took great risks, didn't he? Personally and professionally.
user2: And he easily found others to go along with him.
user1: Yes, and I think it all caught up with him in the end. It was interesting watching his character try to dodge danger throughout the film
user2: What do you know about the REAL Jordan, if anything?
user1: The FBI scene again really demonstrated his character, or lack thereof. He's trying to bend the rules while escaping without consequence. Though at least there was some level of decency in trying to keep his friend from incriminating himself, though maybe there were selfish motives for that as well
user1: I'm not sure... it seems like everything is focused on his lavish lifestyle throughout the film. Maybe that is the real him.
user2: You 've got to give him credit for good instincts and knowledge.
user1: I suppose so, even if his morals were questionable.
user2: Which would you rather have? Money or a peaceful soul?
user1: I think you have to find the balance of the two. Make enough to get by, but don't sell your morals or who you are as a person in order to get more.
user2: Rob Reiner has come such a long way since his meathead days!

conversation:
user1: Hello.
user2: Hello
user2: What movie do you like?
user1: Well I like comedy.
user2: which movie?
user1: I should be asking you this question.
user1: What is the name of the movie?
user2: I like Faster & Furious
user1: Is this the movie that you have the doment of?
user2: Yes some 
user1: Fast and Furious is in your document?
user2: Yes
user1: OK.
user1: Yes, I like that movie a lot .
user2: What is in your document?
user1: I do not have one.
user2: What scene did you like?
user1: I really would like to watch that movie. Which part it is?
user2: It is in 7
user1: OK.
user1: I do not remember watching it.
user1: Can you tell me more about this movie?
user2: Next i like Thriller movie
user1: OK. Can you tell me more aboutit?
user2: OK i like conjuring movie very much
user1: I would like to watch one. But I am kind of need more information towards that.
user2: In this movie is some murder case and so there is some thriller movie
user1: Can you advise anything, please?
user1: Is there anything else you can tell me?
user2: Have you seen Goos Bump
user1: No.
user1: What is that about?
user2: it is superb movie
user1: OK.
user1: Is there anything else that you can tell me about this movie?
user2: Let we finish conversation
user2: Good bye
user1: OK.
user1: Have a nice day.
user1: Thank you for chatting.

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hi! This movie stars Leonardo DiCaprio.
user2: Nice, I love him!  What is the name of the movie?
user1: "The Wolf of Wall Street" is the film's title.
user2: Cool, what kind of reviews does it have?
user1: Honestly, some negatives - it seems that some people did not like how claustrophobically narrow the scope of the film was, or its drug use.
user2: Interesting.  What is the movie about?
user1: It's a black comedy about the stock market being manipulated by Jordan Belfort, a controversial figure from real life.
user2: Oh cool!  I love black comedies.  Who is the director?
user1: Martin Scorsese directed the film.
user2: Awesome, well he is a legend.
user1: I absolutely agree.
user2: Any other actors or actresses I might recognize?
user1: Jonah Hill has a supporting role. Margot Robbie plays the female lead, and it also features Rob Reiner.
user2: Right on.  I love Jonah Hill, and Margot Robbie is great!  So how does this guy become so powerful on Wall Street?
user1: After losing his job at a brokerage, he starts a boiler room brokerage firm that specializes in easily manipulated penny stocks.  His charisma and ability to influence others leads him to amassing a small fortune through that firm.
user2: Woah, that is pretty impressive.  
user2: Where does the drug use come into play?
user1: Jordan (DiCaprio) develops a drug habit as the stress of trying to stay one step ahead of the FBI and SEC start to affect his life.
user2: Okay, that makes sense.  What exactly was he doing that was drawing the attention of the feds?
user1: He made $22 million in three hours by manipulating an IPO for Steve Madden, the shoe designer.  That got the attention of tthe feds, who then saw shady accounting practices at the firm and tried to piece together what was happening.
user2: Woah, that is a bold move.  Did he end up getting caught in the end?
user1: By the rules of this assignment, I can't discuss that yet because it's not on the sheet in front of me. Sorry - I guess you'll have to watch it to see!
user1: Now it says it!
user1: Hold on
user1: Yes, he does get caught and serves three years in minimum security.
user2: Wow, that seems like such a weak sentence.
user2: I guess when you're rich you get treated better by the system.
user1: He gave information on some of his former colleagues in exchange for a reduced sentence, as well.
user2: Ah, of course.  
user2: I can't believe this is based on a true story.
user1: Would you like to know what he does nowadays?
user2: Yea for sure.
user1: He hosts seminars on sales techniques.
user1: Do you have any other questions?
user2: Wow.  Well at least he isn't breaking the law or ripping people off anymore.
user1: Hopefully he isn't!
user2: Nope, I am definitely intrigued by this movie, thank you very much!
user2: Have a good one!
user1: Thanks for the chat!

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Good morning.
user2: Have you seen this film?
user1: which one?
user2: "The Wolf Of Wall Street", starring Leonardo Dicaprio.
user1: Yes i did i liked it very much
user1: i thought his acting was superb
user2: A little graphic, but I think Scorsese really captured the whole "boiler room" mentality of Jordan Belfort.  Jonah Hill was great, too.
user1: Yes they all did a great job together
user1: i really like the scene when the main character got everyone pumped up in the middle of the office telling everyone he isnt quiting
user2: Agreed.  Belfort was a charsmatic, if vile, individual.

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: olleh
user1: hello, haha
user2: Do you like film based on true events ?
user1: Yes I do
user1: Are the events current or historical?
user2: This one is based on the story of Jordan Belfort, the movie is the Wolf of Wall Street
user1: Oh I haven't seen that movie yet, but I wanted to see it when it came out. 
user2: The events are based on his memoirs as wall street stockbroker, 
user1: Oh I see. Are there famous actors in this movie?
user2: I really liked It some critics did not. Leonardo Di Caprio is the main character, Jonah Hill and Margot Robbie are also in it
user1: Critics can be harsh, so I usually look at Rotten Tomatoes reviews. 
user1: The cast seems interesting, I always like Di Caprio movies when I finally sit down to watch one. 
user2: It shows the corruption of Jordan, he started as a honest stockbrocker but quickly realized that he could  only have success my being immoral
user1: Corruption in the financial sector is a concern for me. 
user1: A very interesting topic that deserves attention. 
user2: The critics did not like the glorification of greed depicted in the film, and how the characters developed throughout the film, they say that the scope of the film does not reflect it size. 
user1: It seems like glorification of greed would be a major theme of the movie since its about Wall Street. 
user2: But you a to take account that it is limited by the fact that it is based on true events. They are kind of limited by that.
user1: Right, since its based on a book a lot of people will expect it to remain very similar to the manuscript. 
user2: The story really takes off when Jordan starts to be successful, then the big problems start to appear.
user1: So it's all fun and games until the corruption gets out of control. 
user2: but there is also so romantic troubles, and he gets noticed by the FBI
user1: I heard that there are lot of party scenes and romance as well. 
user1: I like movies that are about the FBI, crime stories are fascinating to me. 
user2: Yes it shows the exuberance of the characters. 
user1: Exuberance is usually fun to watch. 
user2: It becomes more like that in the end where the FBI si trying to get Jordan to testify against his friends. It becomes a Cat and mouse movie
user2: It shows Jordan having moral issues with betraying his friends
user1: Oh OK, so turning him against his colleagues and friends would require a really persuasive argument.  
user1: Right, well it seems like he would be snitching on his friends for same actions that he committed himself. 
user1: That's quite the moral conundrum with long lasting impacts on his reputation. 
user2: yeah, but he has a change of character, we would expect him to betray his friends , but he does not 
user1: Oh a twist! That was unexpected!
user1: Is Margot Robbie his love interest?
user2: Not the first wife, but she is the second wife.
user2: well bye

conversation:
user2: Hello! how are you? Have you heard of the movie The Wolf of Wall Street?
user1: Hello!  Yes, I've heard of the movie The Wolf of Wall Street.
user1: I'm not sure what it is about.
user2: Great! It has some great cast members. Like Leo Dicaprio, Jonah Hill, Margot Robbies, and well Martin Scorses at the helm of direction!
user1: That is a great list of cast members!
user2: The overall reviews by critics aren't that great though. Above the average but I think the movie deserves better scores in my opinion.
user2: One critic says "Epic in size, claustrophobically narrow in scope."
user2: Not sure the movie deserves this criticism
user1: The critics don't always agree with the viewers!  What sort of movie is this?  A comedy?
user2: It is a black comedy based on Jordan Belfort (DiCaprio)'s life as a stockboroker in New York City
user1: That sounds interesting.  So this character is based on a real person?
user2: Yes. Jordan Belfort did exist and his firm "Stratton Oakmont" he worked at was a real firm as well (from the documents given alone)
user1: Cool.  Is this movie appropriate for teens? 
user2: So Jordan Belfort starts a brokerage job at a legitimage Wall Street firm but soon gets fired. According to the document it says something about "sex and drugs fueled"
user2: actually not fired.. more like his career ended
user1: Whoa.  So, probably not appropriate for "family movie night"!  Ok. 
user1: It sounds like the movie follows him along on this journey.  How long is the movie?
user2: I guess so. And you know what's interesting about Jordan Belfort. He is a survivor! He starts a new career after the market crash
user1: That's great for him.  So he rose up from his adversity. 
user1: Did he stay a stockbroker?
user2: The document doesn't say how long the movie is but I guess it should be long. 
user2: Yes. He meets Donnie Azoff and starts a new company together, Stratton Oakmont.
user1: Earlier you said that the critics said that it was "Epic in size".  How is the cinematography?
user1: Does it all take place in an office building?
user2: I'd say you won't be disappointed!
user2: Well I guess some parts of the movie take place at his workplace but the movie also shows a lot about his private life
user2: And his wife leaving him was a severe blow to his career and life
user1: It sounds like it could be emotional at times.  I guess having a wide range of emotions as a viewer is part of a good movie experience.
user1: Do you know what year this movie came out?
user2: Well yes. And Jordan Belfort even gets backstabbed by his friend Donnie Azoff
user2: That must be more hurtful than anything else
user1: So, even though this guy sort of self-destructs, it sounds like the viewer can really empathize and sympathize with him.
user2: yes I agree.
user2: Thank you for chatting with me today :)
user2: Good bye

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user2: We have The wolf of wall street. Have you seen it?
user1: Hi there! Yes, it is one of my favorite films! Have you seen The Wolf of Wall Street starring Leonardo DiCaprio? 
user2: I have not seen it, but I love Leonardo's movies
user2: Looks like it is a 2013 American black comedy. And directed by Martin Scorsese.
user1: Its an exceptional film. Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 78%. Do you like black comedies? 
user1: Scorsese influence on the film is certainly felt, in a good way. 
user2: That isnt too horrible of a score. I do like black comedies.
user1: The rampant corruption Belfort's firm Stratton Oakmont goes through is legendary. 
user2: I see it also has Matthew McConaughey in it.
user2: Oh, it's based on a book. Didn't know that.
user1: It does have Matthew McConaughey in it. I wonder if he's the reason for some of the critical response such as "an irresponsible glorification rather than a satirical takedown."
user1: Yes, the book is a memoir. Jordan Belfort, the real one not DiCaprio, lived the life portrayed in the movie. 
user2: And based on a true story, it seems. The life of Jordan Belfort.
user1: He began his career on Wall Street, where he was introduced to the sex and drug fueled stockbroker culture. 
user1: Whats your opinion of the movie so far? 
user2: He has an aggressive pitching style and high commissions, making him a small fortune. 
user2: Interesting.
user2: I'm always down for a Leonardo DiCaprio film. And Martin Scorsese.
user2: Yeah, McConaughey is a great actor, but can only play certain characters, IMO.
user2: I didnt realize this movie was that old. 2013. I remember wanting to watch it on Netflix, but they removed it before I could.
user1: He does have both of those things. His small fortune was won through fraud, though. Jonah Hill even makes an appearance as DiCaprio's business partner. 
user1: Yes, the film did come out many years ago. Though, its still well worth going back to view. 
user2: That's cool.
user1: A funny part of the movie is how Jordan creates the name for his brokerage firm. 
user2: Wow, he scammed $22 million in 3 hours!
user1: He simply decides that whatever the most respectable-sounding combination of words will do. 
user1: Which was a bad movie! It made the FBI suspicious! 
user2: Stratton Oakmont. Interesting
user1: Yes, and the smuggling of cash to into Switzerland seems like a larger than life act. 
user2: Oh man, he gets out then makes a living hosting seminars on sales technique.
user1: Isn't it unbelievable? 
user2: It is.
user2: Poor guy, his friend rats him out.
user1: That and the fact that throughout all this corruption Jordan has close friends snitch on him.
user2: That does suck. At least he only got 3 years for it.
user1: Tragic, to say the least. An ally turned enemy. I suppose the government can do that to people. 
user2: I suppose so. 
user1: How do you feel about him serving just three years for violations?
user1: Do you think that was a light sentence, or a slap on the hand, given the illegalness of it all?
user2: Kinda feel bad for him that his friends ratted him out. It IS a light sentence, but I guess he could have done worse. I dont know. Kinda tricky how one crime gets life, but doesn't necessarily "deserve" it.
user2: and other crimes get a few years, like some cases of murder and such.
user2: I will definitely need to see this movie. Have a great rest of your day!
user1: As do I. They, after all, were accomplices to the fraud. 

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hi
user2: Have you seen this film ?
user1: What movie is it?
user2: The movie is The wolf of Wall Street
user2: It is a good film, some critics did not like it however.
user1: I have seen a little bit of it, not all of it.
user1: Why didn't they like it?
user2: They did not like the fact that it glamorize greed and amorality. How the characters don't develop throughout the story and how the big budget did not translate to the story.
user1: okay, interesting.
user1: How long is it?
user2: It is based ont a true story. So you have to do with the story.
user1: Is it based on a book?
user2: Yes it is based on a book of the same title. The length of the film is not given in my documents. 
user1: Did you like it a lot?
user2: The beginning of the film is great , it show how somebody can start with good intentions and get corrupted. 
user1: Who is in the film?
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio stars as Jordan Belfort the main portagonist.
user1: Who is the director?
user2: In the second part he meets Donnie Azoff (Jonas Hill) and Jordan trains him
user2: The director is  Martin Scorsese
user1: Okay, I like some of Scorsese's film's
user2: Eventually the FBI is catch up and he has stratagem to fly his money into Switzerland. 
user1: Does he go to prison in the end?
user2: This one while not a classic, it still good, a good airplane movie.
user1: Sounds like interesting
user1: I think Dicaprio is a decent actor.
user2: The ending is interesting, lots of backstabbing from the different characters, but eventually Jordan is sentenced 3 years in prison. 
user2: He has a wide range of emotion in the film. 
user1: Who else is in the movie?
user2: Margo Robbie as the love interest of Jordan, Jean Dujardin as a swiss banker
user2: It has a great cast
user1: Yes DiCaprio has grown as an actor over the years.
user2: And the others actors are also great in this film, Jonas Hill was good. 
user1: Margo Robbie, that name sounds familiar.
user1: Jonah Hill is a good actor as well.
user1: Would you watch it again?
user2: She is an actress that is successful these days.
user2: Yes, it a good movie, in an airplane, I would not hesitate to watch it.  For my movie night, I would prefer a film that I have not already seen.
user1: Well, thanks for talking about the movie with me.
user2: Have a good day, thanks for the conversation
user1: Goodbye.

conversation:
user1: Hi
user1: How did you like the Wolf of Wall Street?
user2: Hi , I think it sounds interesting 
user2: I like the cast
user1: Me too. I like Rob Reiner. He's funny
user2: Do you pay attention to rotten tomato ?
user2: Is 78 a good score from them?
user1: It's ok.
user1: High 80s is usually pretty good.
user1: 60s and lower isn't very good.
user2: Do you think this movie would be funny?
user1: I thought it was very funny, but kind of dark.
user2: Ive never seen DiCaprio in a comedy
user1: I can't think of another one he's in.
user1: I think the humor is more situational in this movie, more that they're living at an extreme
user2: The scene talked about is a typical hollywood depiction that can be made to be funny 
user2: I think the cast is good enough to make it good no matte the subject matter
user1: Yeah it's a solid cast. A lot of experienced actors, and some up and comers
user2: Im not a Jonah Hill fan but this part suited him 
user1: I like him a role like this, but he's not often cast this way
user2: For a comedy it has an intricate storyline
user1: Yeah it's very story driven. Less reliant on jokes 
user2: The crooks this is based on should be jail, not writing books about it
user1: I think some of them did go to jail, but i agree
user2: This seems like a Scorsese film , both in tone and story
user1: Seems like their rise happens quite quickly. Penny stocks to 22million in an hour.
user2: Yeah they were good at what they did
user1: He didn't go to jail for very long]
user2: He got off way too easy. That's why they are willing to risk pulling these scams
user1: Probably a millionaire again from writing this movie
user2: Sometimes crime does pay
user2: I think that thanks to a good director and good cast that it does make an entertaining movie though
user1: i think so too. They can make you like despicable characters 
user2: Id give a B probably , what about you?
user1: I think a B is fair
user2: I think we have discussed it pretty well. 
user2: Thanks for your insights.and have a good night
user1: I think so too
user1: you too. have a good one

conversation:
user2: hey 
user1: Hi
user2: have you seen any good movies?
user1: Yeah I've recently seen the wolf of wall street, it was made awhile ago but pretty good. Have you ever heard of it?
user2: I've heard the title but not seen it
user1: It stars Leonardo DiCaprio, are you a fan of any of his other work?
user2: Some but not all of it. I liked Titanic
user2: Who else is in the movie?
user1: Titanic was very good, he takes on a slightly different role in this movie. Much more comedy, but hes not alone. The movie boasts an action packed cast with Jonah Hill, Margot Robbie, and Rob Reiner
user2: Oh yeah, I like Jonah Hill.
user2: what is the plot 
user2: I'm not familiar with Margot Robbie
user1: If you like Jonah Hill you're going to love him with Leonardo in this movie. The two work great together. The movie focuses around Jordan Bellfort played by DiCaprio and his career as a stockbroker on wall street. He starts his own firm and gets intertwined with corruption and fraud.
user2: that sounds pretty interesting
user2: would this make a good date movie?
user1: Margot Robbie is famous for other movies like Suicide Squad
user2: I haven't seen that one either
user2: does this have a predictable end?
user1: Not at all, its a thrill from the start to the finish with lots of twists and turns and conflicts with characters.
user2: so it has a lot of surprises?
user2: is it more of a guy movie or is it more for girls?
user1: Absolutely, I think its good for either or. its a comedy movie so if you like comedies it will be perfect
user2: well I may have to check it out

conversation:
user1: hello
user1: i dont have the docs so i don't know what movie we have?
user1: yes
user1: are you?
user1: this is my 2nd chat - my first one broke at the end :(
user2: Hi I am good and yourself?
user1: i'm very good.
user1: what is the movie today
user2: so have you seen the wolf of wall street?
user2: really good Decaprio movie
user1: no, i have not 
user1: i have heard that it is good and that he is good in that movie tho
user1: i believe it had awards
user2: very good movie although the ratings for some reason on cinemscore seem low
user2: yeah I think that it did and if it didn't then it should have
user1: sometimes those score things are harsh
user1: i didnt know it had a book tho! 
user2: yeah Rotten Tomatos usually picks a movie apart
user2: yeah I wasn't aware of a book
user2: had a really good cast in the movie
user1: they sure do tear things apart
user2: Johnah Hill and Leo Decaprio just to name  a few

conversation:
user2: dude 
user1: hello
user2: have you seen "The wolf of Wall Street?
user1: No I havent what is it about
user1: :(
user1: so what do I do now
user1: I guess ill sing
user1: or cry
user1: I really wanted to watch the Wolf of Wall Street
user1: but the guy left

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: Hey!
user2: Have you seen the movie being discussed?
user1: Yes I have, what about you?
user2: No I have not but I have heard it is good.
user1: Yeah I really liked it myself. It's pretty hilarious, but definitely not "family friendly" 
user2: Good actors in it and a good director.
user1: Exactly. Jonah Hill at his absolute best
user2: What about DiCaprio?
user1: I think he should've won the Oscar. Very likeable, but made you hate the character. Takes talent that
user2: Did you see this movie?
user1: Yeah I saw it in theatres and proably a dozen times since. One of my favourites
user2: NM it is the same movie ha
user2: Was there a lot of sex and drugs in the movie?

conversation:
user1: Have you ever seen The Wolf of Wall Street?
user2: What year was the movie made?
user1: It was released in 2013. It is a comedy based on the life of Jordan Belfort a stockbroker in New York City.
user2: No I have not seen it.
user2: Who is the actor playing Jordan Belfort?
user1: It is an alright movie, it gives an interesting look into the lives of business men in the 1980's.  
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio plays Jordan Belfort
user2: How long is the film?
user1: It is not his best work, but he really plays the character well.
user1: I remember the movie being about 2 hours long, but I could be mistaken.
user2: I think the film is a remake.

conversation:
user1: Have you ever seen the movie wolf of wall street?
user2: I have not.
user2: Have you?
user1: It was produced in 2013 
user1: i did its based on a true story did ya know
user2: I see the ratings are ok. 7.8/10 from Rotten Tomatoes.
user2: I did not know.
user1: its really good got lots of grave ratings im really surprised that critics have it so low
user1: its probably due to the adult content of sex, drugs, and illegal activities on wall street :D
user2: I like that it has Leonardo DiCaprio.
user1: He was the star, and jonah hill  did a great job in this movie it really helped boost his career
user2: Looks like Jordan Belfort is a scam artist.
user2: Matthew McConaughey too. Lots of A listers
user1: of course this is a scorsese film im not sure many can depict true life audacity as he does 
user2: I love Scorsese's work.
user1: matts character in this is a schmuck even though I love him the bestest of all actors lol
user2: He really is great. 
user1: The movie though shows how these guys were able to make $22 M illegally and what happened and how they got caught
user2: Black comedy based on the memoir of Jordan Belfort. Crazy, that it is a true story.
user1: its based on 1987 Rothschild employees
user1: haha welcome to new york where if you have a dollar we have a swindle for you and its completely proven in this movie lol
user1: this is the movie where leonardo is doing lines off the chicks butt that everyone talks about...i mean they got really honest
user2: Lol. You always see movies about scams with Swis accounts. Now we see it is based in some truth.
user1: the critics say it was narrow in scope but i think critics forget that specific ideas tell a specific story line
user1: this has nothing to do with that its all securities lol everything about this happened in new york
user2: Oh man, his buddy rats him out.
user1: yea sometimes thats the only way in is for someone to rat!
user2: At least he only got 3 years.
user2: And is giving back now.
user1: leonardo is jordan and hes the one that ends up the rat bc of what they arrested him with in florida he thinks he will get away for giving up a bigger player

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hello. Have you ever seen The Wolf of Wall Street?
user1: No I have not. Is that the name of the movie?
user2: Yes. That is the movie that I have selected. It is a back comedy. It stars Leonardo DiCaprio as Jordan Belfort, Jonah Hill as Donnie Azoff and Margot Robbie as Naomi Lapaglia.
user1: Is this a newer movie?
user2: It came out in 2013, so 5 years ago.
user1: Is this a drama movie?
user2: It is a black comedy
user1: So its a comedy that has a dark sense of humor then?
user2: Yes. According to rotten tomatoes, which is a movie rating website, it scored at 78% out of 100%. Critics say that it was "Epic in size, but claustrophobically narrow in scope."
user1: Did this movie win any awards?
user2: I do not have any information regarding awards.
user2: One of the key scenes in the movie is when Belfort (the main character) is trying to obtain a job for L.F. Rothschild. He is enticed by the sex and drugs that come with the stockbroker culture, and as a result, heads to a small brokerage firm on Lon Island that specializes in penny stocks. Because of his personality and high commissions, Jordan is able to make a lot of money.
user1: What is this movie about? 
user2: It is about a man named Jordan Belfort, who is looking for a job as a stockbroker. At first, he starts out looking at a big firm in Manhattan, New York called L.F. Rothschild but instead takes a job at a small brokerage firm on Long Island. In this firm, he makes a lot of money, and completely turns his life around.
user1: Is there going to be a sequal or is this a stand alone movie?
user2: This is a stand-alone movie. According to the information I have available, there will not appear to be any sequels.
user1: Does this sound like a movie you would watch?
user2: Yes. I have watched this movie and I love it.
user1: So you do recommend this movie then
user2: I would personally recommend this movie. The relationship between Jordan Belfort and his neighbor Donnie Azoff really makes the movie fun.
user1: Who plays the main character again?
user2: The main character is Jordan Belfort, who is played by actor Leonardo DiCaprio.
user1: I'm a big fan of him. I'
user1: I've seen alot of his movies.
user2: As a fan of this actor in conjunction with the 7.8/10 rating, does the Wolf of Wall Street sound like a movie you would be interested in?
user1: It actually does. I do think I will end up seeing this movie.
user1: I may download it today 
user2: I would recommend it. Another interesting part of the movie is when Jordan's wife finds out about how he has been acting behind her back. She learns about his life of prostitutes and drugs and divorces him. This causes Jordan to be pulled back down to Earth. 
user1: Wow that sounds crazy!
user1: You have a wonderful day ! Thanks for the info.
user2: Thank you
user2: You too!

conversation:
user1: what you think about the movie?
user2: It was pretty good, got a 7.8/rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
user1: it was one of the best comedy crime film.
user1: how the scenes are produced?
user2: Yes, but critics thought it was a bit too narrow.
user1: The film was nominated for several awards including five nominations at the 86th Academy award..
user2: Well it is reflected in its ratings
user1: do you know that?fuck is the word used more than 500 times in this movie?so funny.....
user2: It recounts Jordan Belfort's life when he was a stockbroker.
user1: ya ...it is a crime film but with lot of comedies..that is the major success of this movie
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio's acting was really good.
user1: he is an extreme actor to deliver his act nicely and naturally..whats your opinion on him?
user1: send me your opinion
user2: I like his acting in the film, especially the scene when he his first job as a stockbroker.
user1:  DiCaprio won Best Actor for  Musical or Comedy at the 71st Golden Globe Awards..
user2: The film was released in 2013.
user1: In this movie Jordan illegally makes $22 million in three hours,that one was interesting..
user2: You should only use info from the document on the side or you will get no money.
user2: so stop searching on the net.
user2: I like the scene where he befriends his neighbor and the try to find other guys to start a new firm
user1: oh shit.i didnt search in net.i loved this movie.i watched seven times.i know well about this movie..what a fabulous movie it was..
user2: well you should only use info on the document otherwise you will get nothing.
user2: the critical response to the film was pretty bad
user1: see the document once again..it has the the line"jordan illegally makes $22million"
user2: I said use only info in the documents on the side.
user1: he has an affair with the lady naomi..it was so interesting buddy

conversation:
user1: Hi!
user1: The movie is wold of wall street
user1: have you seen it?
user2: hI! How are you
user1: I am well, thank you
user1: have you seen wolf of wall street?
user2: How is the movie wold of wall street 
user2: have you seen
user1: I have, yes
user2: How is the movie
user1: It is a great movie
user2: Wow! who is leading actor of this movie
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio plays Jordan Belfort
user1: The movie was based on a memoir of the real Jordan Belfort
user2: great! what is the rating of this moive
user1: It got a rotten tomatoes rating of 78%
user1: a metacritic score of 75, but a cinemascore of a C
user2: awesome! what is your favorite scene in this moive
user2: Is there any key scene
user1: I really liked when he first lost his job and got the new job in penny stocks, and ended up making a small fortune through his aggressive pitching styles
user1: It says the genre is a black comedy
user1: directed by martin scorsese
user1: do you like his movies?
user2: so very nice! who is the director of this moive
user2: Very nice  I like his moives
user2: is there any key scene
user1: So Jordan Hill plays Donnie Azoff, Jordans neighbor, and they found their own company, but basicly they are a pump and dump scam
user1: but make it sounds like . areasonable business
user2: wow! In which year movie was released ?
user1: 2013
user2: That's great what about CinemaScore
user1: It got a C, I was suprised
user2: Superb! What is Metacritic Score 
user1: Do you like these types of movies?
user1: Metacritic score of 75
user2: you like this moive
user2: What is the plot of the movie

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: Hi
user1: what do u think about the wolf of wall street?
user2: I liked it a lot. I'm surprised at the reviews only being  70% . What did you think of the movie ?
user1: i liked the movie a lot as well
user1: i consider 70% pretty good since rotten is pretty harsh on criticism for movies
user1: it was very funny and fresh
user2: I'm surprised by the critical response claustrophobia in scope,  I felt the movie explored a wide range of topics 
user1: oh the critical response is horrible
user1: none of the characters were even dull to begin with
user2: I agree 
user1: the "irresponsible glorification" was what made the movie funny
user2: Yes I agree, the movie was funny because of this 
user2: I feel like the movie was somewhat realistic 
user1: oh totally
user1: the scene where jordan learns that a stockbroker's only job is to make money for himself is what started his whole binge
user1: its like he matched his talent with the system by exploiting it
user2: I think the movie was very believable because of this, the main character was poised to get involved in a money making scheme 
user2: Do you recognize all actors listed in the document ?
user1: yea basically everybody
user1: jordans pump and dump scheme was very savvy
user2: I feel like the scheme could have went on longer if he didn't alert the FBI 
user1: thats cuz he made 22 mil in 3 hours
user1: smh
user2: Also he had an affair which could also contribute to his eventual downfall 
user1: he was lucky to marry naomi who has a british aunt that they could exploit
user1: his affair was the best thing to happen to him imo
user2: Yes that's true 
user1: that was how he was able to hide the money
user1: wow i forgot he got caught because someone snitched
user2: Yes I agree ,  also he pissed off his coworkers,  which led them to eat him out to the FBI 
user1: jordan belfort is still selling lol after very short prison stint
user2: He probably still made good money selling seminars 
user1: white collar workers always get an easy prison term..
user1: that true
user2: And sales techniques 
user1: best seller

conversation:
user1: Hi there
user2: Hello!
user1: I'll give DiCaprio that he gave an excellent performance .Did you see Wolf of Wall Street?
user2: Yes it was made in 2013 and was directed by Martin Scorsese.
user1: Yep, great movie. Good ratings on Rotten Tomatoes too.
user2: Yeah, Jonah Hill had a great performance in it. 
user1: DiCaprio was a little over the top, but I'm not real surprised given some of the environments his character was working in.
user1: I though the scene ater he took qualudes (spelling/) hilarious.
user2: I loved the scene where Margot Robbie pushes DiCaprio away with her shoe. It felt very satisfying.
user1: Haha yes
user1: He is kind of mor than a bit of a dog in that movie
user2: Jonah Hill wasn't exactly a saint in that movie either. None of the characters were. Its why I like Black Comedy
user1: Its hilarious for shock value though
user2: The key scene where Jordan learns that being a stock broker is about making himself money is a pivotal point in the movie.
user1: Oh, definitely. And the need for money
user2: "Epic in size, claustrophobically narrow in scope" says a lot about the movie and the characters. 
user1: Pretty much, they didnt offer much depth
user2: it definitely felt exciting, they projected characters emotions well.
user1: I woudl also agree with the critics saying its irresponsible glorification
user2: I guess thats why metacritic only scored it as 75/100
user1: I remember his first phone call sounding super aggressive, and probably lying, and the whole room being impressed.
user2: Haha, yes. He still ends up making a small fortune from it which may teach some that crime does pay
user1: Yea, I dont really feel sorry for him during the course of the movie
user2: oh yes, the cast acted so well it was hard to remember they werent really who they were acting as
user1: I dont remember scene 3, as I might have actually left the movie early.
user2: It's where the movie really begins to change tone and DiCaprio's character starts to reap what he has sown
user1: Yea, kind of waiting for it the entire movie.
user2: there was a scene where he ends up crashing his car with him and his kid inside. Crazy stuff. 
user1: Uncool
user1: I didnt realize he got ratted out by his friend either
user2: yes and he did it as a reaction to being told by margot's character that she wanted a divorce
user2: yeah and then ended up in jail but didnt have too bad of a life after

conversation:
user1: Good morning.
user2: Good morning to you!
user1: We are discussing the Wolf Of Wall Street. Have you seen it?
user2: I have not seen it! Who stars in it?
user1: Leo DiCaprio, Jonah Hill, Margot Robbie
user1: Oh and Rob Reiner haha. I forgot about him.
user1: Scorsese was the director.
user2: I haven't seen Rob Reiner in a long time. Do you know who he plays?
user1: He plays Max Belfort. Yeah he usually just directs now.
user1: I saw it and it really was a good movie.
user2: Isn't it based on a true story?
user1: Yeah it was from a memoir from a Wall Street guy.
user2: What makes the story so notable?
user1: It is about his rise from being pretty much a nobody to a huge stock broker.
user1: And how it changed him into pretty much an a**.
user1: The money and all that became too much for him to handle.
user2: Dumb question but who plays the Wall Street guy?
user1: DiCaprio
user1: Not dumb if you haven't seen it!
user2: What happens to him? I don't care about spoilers, movies are about the journey for me.
user1: He starts in a small boiler room firm on Long Island doing penny stocks.
user1: And is super aggressive and starts making a lot of money.
user1: This is in the late '80s.
user2: I'm guessing he doesn't keep things strictly legal.
user1: At first he does, then not so much.
user1: So then he and Jonah Hill start their own company.
user1: And now it is definitely on the edge of legality.
user1: As they start doing really well, more young financiers want to join the company and it becomes huge.
user2: Do you know what they do specifically that gets them in trouble? If I knew anything about Wall Street I wouldn't be on MTurk.
user1: Haha.
user1: It was called the pump and dump scam. I actually don't remember exactly what that is, but it was fairly easy to understand in the film.
user2: Do they end up getting arrested?
user1: It is mostly what happens to him that the movie is about, as far as how his personality changes.
user1: He is married, but starts having affairs etc.
user2: Is he redeemed at all or does he remain totally awful?
user1: He does get arrested actually.
user1: He actually does redeem himself.
user1: He basically rats out everyone else for a reduced sentence, and serves three years.
user2: Does he redeem himself personally?
user1: Not really if I recall.
user2: Like Henry Hill rats everyone out but is still a terrible person
user2: In Goodfellas
user1: Exactly like Henry Hill.
user1: I think we're good. Have an awesome day!
user2: You too!

conversation:
user1: hi
user1: We're doing wolf of wall street
user2: Hi, how are you. Have you seen it?
user1: sure. I'm very well, thank you.
user1: it was a 2013 black comedy as I recall. 
user2: Who was in it?
user1: Funny you should ask. It starred Leo DiCaprio. 
user2: I like him. Who did he play?
user1: Johnah hill was in it. He won an oscar for it. Instead of Bruce Dern. But what the hell right. Bruce is only 1000 years old, he'll probably get another chance
user1: leo was a crook called jordan belfort
user2: Who did Jonah Hill play?
user1: he layed jonah hill basically, but his character was called donnie
user2: What was the movie about?
user1: leo was a stockbroker and there was sex and drugs
user2: hmmm, interesting. Any memorable scenes in it?
user1: belfort makes a small fortune in penny stocks early on and then mathew mcconahey punches himself in the chest
user1: i may have misspelled his name
user1: it was directed by martin scorsesi
user2: That's okay.  Did he get hurt when he was punched?
user1: no. it was intentional. because he's so good at acting, I think
user2: That makes sense. Did they get in trouble for the sex and drugs?
user1: his wife finds out, and they get dicorced
user2: Awww, that sucks. Does he care or is he selfish?
user1: no he's a totally morally corrupt sleazebag. It kinda makes the movie not so fun considering he really did all the gross stuff and ripped people off.
user2: Yeah, that doesn't sound very nice. What else happened?
user1: he smuggles money in cash, into switzerland in a scene
user1: rotteh tomates gave it 78 percent from all critics
user2: My goodness, he doesn't sound like a good guy at all. Do you know if the police ever catch him?
user1: the fbi and sec investigate him for fraud. He ends up spending 3 years in a minimum security prison
user2: Sound like it's deserved. Is it a true story?
user1: he recieved a reduced sentence for ratting everyone out. A true asshole to the end
user1: it is true as much as can be believed by a guy like that
user2: That makes sense. I wonder if the people he ratted out come after him?
user1: I don't think so. He gives lectures now about how to get rich quick to people who admire how awful he is and want to be like him. He also wrote a bestselling book that got optioned for a movie
user2: Interesting, I wonder if he is reformed at all. 
user1: he aint
user1:  see ya

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hello
user2: I enjoyed The Wolf of Wall Street
user1: I didnt see it because Im not a fan of one of the actors. However after reading about it I dont think my mind has changed
user2: I agree with one of the critics that it was a immoral glorification as opposed to a satirical take down.
user1: i agree that the story made the characters even more dull just by reading about what they portrayed
user1: I feel like other charators should have been introduced into this movie
user2: I cant agree the characters were dull. The drug use alone made it interesting. I do believe it was immoral
user1: Yes I agree
user1: Since you have seen it do you agree with the rating?
user2: No I believe it was underrated. 
user2: No I belive it was underated
user1: Was this a true story?
user2: No I do not agree with the cinema score, metacritic socre or the rotten tomatoes score
user1: The score alone would deter me from watching the movie

conversation:
user1: Hello, how are you?
user2: I am good. What did you think of the movie?
user1: I thought it was really interesting. How about you?
user1: Are you still here?
user2: I thought it was great as well 
user2: What was your favorite part 
user1: Leonardo Dicaprio always does a great job. I think the Matthew McConaughey scene was really good. What was yours?
user2: I liked leonardo as well he does such a good job at the roles he plays
user1: Yes, this was one of his best roles.
user2: What do you think about the rating of the movie 
user1: What did you think of Margot Robbie?
user2: was it fair 
user1: I thought the rating was a bit on the low side. I'd have given it at least an 8.
user1: What did you think of the rating?
user2: I did as well i thought it should have been much higher 
user2: It was a great action packed movie that kept me on the edge of my seat 
user1: Yea especially the cinema score of  C. that was strange
user2: I completely agree. 
user1: Yea the drama was intense. I always wanted to know what was going to happen next
user1: Could you ever deal with a job like that?
user2: no, i think the drugs and prostitutes and fast life would be a bit much for me. I However did love the part when Jordan train the are of the "Hard sell" it is so clever to get what he wants 
user1: Yea, it's really exciting but it would be way too stressful for me as well. I definitely couldn't do it.
user1: Did you think the FBI would get him in the end?
user2: Absolutely everyone gets caught in the end 
user1: Very true. I wonder how much of these kinds of things are still going on right now.
user2: did you see the part when Jordan looses his mind and tries to run off with his daughter 
user2: the wife wanted custody because of his lifestyle
user1: Yea, there were a lot of crazy scenes. Drugs really messed up his life. He's lucky he survived a lot of that stuff. 
user2: i liked at the end after he got out of jail he makes a living hosting seminars and sales techniques. SUch a change of pace 
user1: Yea, It reminded me of another leonardo dicaprio movie where something similar happens. I think it was called Catch me if you can. But yea, he certainly has a lot of knowledge to give, it's great that he was able to put it to use in the end. In a safe way. 

conversation:
user1: Hi, we're talking about The Wolf of Wall Street.
user2: Hi, the Wolf of Wall Street is an interesting movie but I've never watched it.
user1: It's pretty cool. Leonardo DiCaprio is in it. It's a black comedy.
user2: Yeah, I love Leonardo DiCaprio's acting prowess. However, I've heard that it also has some very vulgar language and scenes.
user1: Oh yes, it is very vulgar. There's also a lot of drug use.
user2: I don't understand why every good movie has to include some profane language or scenes in order to be seen by people. I believe movies can be good without profanity.
user1: Yeah, I think in this movie they were really trying to make it part of the corrupt stockbroker character.
user2: Okay, so I guess part of the life of a corrupt stockbrocker is drug use, profanity and balck comedy which they had to show. 
user1: I guess. If you can get past that, I think it's pretty good. It didn't have great reviews though.
user2: I can imagine, with all the profanity I keep hearing that it has, many people might not have seen passed the drug abuse, profanity and black humour.
user1: It is sort of interesting to see how he goes from selling penny stocks to having a small fortune by the end!
user2: Oh, so he starts selling small penny stocks and through corruption and taking advantage of the loops within the system he gets a fortune...interesting.
user1: Yeah, he's super aggressive in his selling, so he moves through the ranks really quickly.
user2: I guess being a go-getter is what made him super aggressive and hence allows him to move quickly up the ranks. 
user1: He's very focused on making money for himself, so greed is certainly a motivating factor.
user2: "Self" is the greatest motivator for a human being. So just by focusing on making money for himself and being greedy, he was able to build a fortune within a small time...it only get's more intriguing.
user1: And after he made a lot of money at the small stock place, he left and opened his own firm so he could do even more shady stuff.
user2: What a corrupt guy...he comes from a small stock place where maybe he had to jump through hoops and loops in order to do shady deals and opens his own firm where he can be unrestricted in his corruption...this is wickedness
user1: And he gets all sorts of promising young brokers to work for him
user2: This is now misleading even young brokers and teaching them to be as corrupt as he is...another level of wickedness
user1: Yeah, not a great dude. He even ends up cheating on his wife and then marrying the mistress.
user2: His corruption even extends to his family?...He cheats on his own wife and marries a mistress just because he can? This movie may lead many men astray.
user1: She ends up divorcing him though
user2: At least she gets her freedom from him through a divorce, good for her.
user1: He ends up getting arrested too and the firm is shut down when his partner rats on him
user2: Finally there is justice in this whole story. So his partner actually rats on him and he gets arrested and his shady firm is closed, this is what I call poetic justice.
user1: If only his punishment was more harsh. He wasn't in prison for long.
user2: What?? How long was he jailed for, I hope not a few years...
user1: only 3 years.
user2: This just shows you that there is no justice in this world's system. He should be jailed for more than 10 years not just 3 years.
user1: I feel like he ended up being a bit of a joke though. 

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: hi
user1: whats the name of the movie
user2: The Wolf of Wall Street is the movie that was chosen
user2: Have you seen this movie before
user1: no
user1: what is it about?
user2: It stars Leonardo DiCaprio and also has Jonah Hill in the cast as well
user1: sounds good, what the storyline?
user2: It is actually a memoir about Jordan Belfort who DiCaprio plays
user1: what do the critics say about it?
user2: The movie relates to the Stockmarket and the highs and lows that are involved while working in the market
user2: Rotten tomatoes gave it a 7.8/10
user1: sounds pretty good
user2: It does
user2: One critic actually said it was irresponsible glorification rather than a satirical takedown 
user1: did anyone not like it?
user2: On CinemaScore it was given a C as a grade
user2: Metacritic Score wasn't too bad with 75%
user1: would you recommend it?
user2: I would! I think it is an interesting storyline and the fact that it is based on true events makes it even more interesting to watch
user1: yea i wouldnt mind watching it if i had the time
user2: The cast is actually pretty famous overall
user2: I think Margot Robbie does well as DiCaprios romantic partner in this movie
user1:  would you recommend it for kids?
user2: I wouldn't recommend it for kids
user2: There is drug use and alcohol use in the movie. Plus there are some scenes that could be offensive
user1: i see, so its an adult movie
user2: It is an adult movie for sure
user2: But I would still recommend watching it when you have time
user1: i definitely will  
user2: Do you like Leonardo as an actor?
user1: yea but i dont watch a lot of movies
user2: He plays this role very well.

conversation:
user2: hi
user2: hello!
user1: This is a great movie. 
user2: what is the move?
user2: movie?
user1: This is a great movie. The Wolf of Wall Street was great. Those actors were wonderful. 
user1: This is a great movie. The Wolf of Wall Street was great. Those actors were wonderful. I like Leonardo DiCaprio. He has talent in acting. 
user2: who is the main actor or actress ?
user1: This is a great movie. The Wolf of Wall Street was great. Those actors were wonderful. I like Leonardo DiCaprio. He has talent in acting. Martin Scorsese sure can direct. 
user2: I love him
user1: This is a great movie. The Wolf of Wall Street was great. Those actors were wonderful. I like Leonardo DiCaprio. He has talent in acting. Martin Scorsese sure can direct. He is a great director. 
user2: what is the ratings of the movie?

conversation:
user2: Hey there
user1: hi
user2: I kind of felt bad for loving this movie, ya know really rooting for the bad guy in a sense.
user1: so i really didn't like this movie. I thought that it was very shallow in its story.
user1: I know what you mean. But i feel bad that i have to root for the bad guy because the good guy is not good enough...
user1: Plus it just felt like it was done before.
user2: It was wall Street broker = bad. But it really romanticised the 80s at te same time
user1: yeah
user2: liek that "greed is good" film
user1: i know what you mean
user2: But looking back that was a huge cast.
user2: the text echoes the shallow remark, saying, claustrophobically narrow in scope."
user1: they really aren't the people that i like to see though. Maybe because it was i am more into sci-fi movies, but this movie really didn't do it for me.
user2: well, compare them this way. Both feature over the top villains
user2: c'mon help me out here. Did you even see it.
user1: yeah, but i have a hard time believing the villains when they are placed in a real world setting. If i see them in a sci-fi world then my mind tells me that everything here is not real and i can accept that. When over-the-top things are placed in the real world, i just can't get past it.
user2: That is interesting. Is this just like a "don't remind me, I'm here to get away from all that real life stuff"
user1: pretty much.
user2: That is why I like sci fi best to.
user1: it is strange, i like both types of moves and shows. but when they cross paths i have a hard time with it.
user1: yeah i really dont want to relax in the real world. i want to be taken away to an imaginary place.
user1: This wallstreet stuff happens all the time. It is not that interesting to me
user2: One of the ways I relate to it was that in my restaurant biz, I met a lot of showy, suddenly wealthy investors nad they were sort of unlikable.
user1: so you are living the movie all the time then.
user1: nothing new really.
user2: boy, am I not living THAT movie
user2: Some people really get a kick out of the super audacious scam/con
user1: im sure you aren't. you know what i mean though. it is just not THAT out of the ordinary to really grab me.
user1: yeah. i can see how that is the case.
user1: especially after the scores that it got.
user1: not too bad.
user2: You have a very high tolerance for bad or a very low opinion of the world and it's ways. I get it.
user1: lets just call it alternative
user2: OK, people often tell me I have a touch of that.\
user2: I lived in cities all my life and there are a lot of wanna be New York sharpies.
user2: Anyway the movie plays yto a certain code that the world rewards bad behavior with bad consequences which is a moral tone that a lot of sci fi uses.
user1: true

conversation:
user2: When was this movie released>
user1: hI... 2013
user2: That's right. 78% on Rotten Tomatoes, not bad.
user1: It stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is directed by Scorsese
user2: Yeah that's probably why, Leonardo DiCaprio us a great actor and did really well on the Wolf of Wall Street
user1: I agree
user1: Not sure why it got a C on Cinema Score
user2: Who was Leonardo's business partner in the movie?
user1: Jonah Hill as Donnie Azoff
user2: Oh all right. 
user1: he was very driven. I was impressed with how well he did with the penny stocks
user2: His pitching style was immaculate
user2: What city was he a stockbroker in?
user1: That office really know how to party
user1: He was in New York City.... on Wall Street
user2: He even worked for one of the Rothschilds. Amazing
user1: Wow. I forgot just how much debauchery was in this movie 
user1: I forgot who his first wife was
user2: Jordan seriously got into the prostitutes and drugs
user2: must of been horrible for the first wife
user1: I agree
user2: But he was very successful 
user1: and very crafty
user1: It all ended in a whirlwind though
user2: All of it. Lost custody, lost the fortunes and ended up in prison
user2: What do you think about Jordan's own friend betraying him?
user1: So much for his business partner 
user1: exactly! 
user2: exactly.
user1: whoa
user2: What was the name of their daughter?
user1: well, it was nice chatting with you about this crazy movie we just watched.  The daughter? I forgot.
user2: Her name was Skylar if I can recall correctly
user1: Skylar, that's right
user2: That's right.
user1: He tried to run off with her and ended up wrecking their car.
user1: Have a good day!
user2: You too.
user1: :)

conversation:
user1: What is the movie name?
user2: The Wolf of Wall Street
user1: Cool, what is it about? I want to know if I will like to see it.
user2: The movie has some great actors for starters.. LeoNardo DiCaprio and Jonah Hill
user1: I have heard of them! I don't know them too well, only by name.
user2: The movie is based on a man's perspective of his career as a stockbroker in New York City. In corruption and fraud he fails on Wall Street.
user2: Leonardo was the lead in Titanic. He is a great actor who has won an Oscar!
user1: That sounds interesting, it seems relevant to things happening today. 
user1: Oh yeah! I remember now.
user2: It is slightly relevant, but also includes the high chase of FBI agents going after him!
user1: How long is it?
user2: 3 hours
user2: A bit longer than most movies, but has a lot of heavy impacting parts
user1: Is it still in theaters now?
user2: It is no longer in theaters, but is available on DVD and Netflix!
user2: The movie was in theaters in 2013 and is still being talked about
user1: I remember hearing about it a lot and the title sounded intriguing. 
user2: The film got a 7.8/10 on Rotten Tomatoes
user2: Leo's character, Jordan, starts off a bit boring and regular too.. something we can all relate to in the work force
user1: That is a really high rating
user2: He quickly gets swept up in drugs, pump and dump scams, women, and out of nowhere becomes immensely successful
user2: He ends up laundering money, and is high on the crime lists
user1: Pump and dump scams? Like when people collectively buy stocks to inflate its value? I have heard about this with bitcoin before. That sounds interesting.
user2: Yes! He made $22 million in 3 hours by grasping the international fashion stocks for Steve Madden
user1: Does he do anything interesting with that money?
user2: Blows it on whatever he wants! Jets, prostitutes, cars, houses! Until, the FBI starts to really crack down on him
user2: His colleagues, wife, and a lot of people become fed up with his lifestyle and want it to end. The high life can only stay so grand for so long, especially if you are doing everything illegally...
user1: I imagine its hard not to get caught when you spend that much money on things. 
user2: Well, he did try to open a few bank accounts and hide it, but that can only work for so long. Eventually everything catches up with him and the FBI raids and shuts down his company. He was sentenced to only 3 years in a minimum security prison..
user2: Which seems so minimal for the amount of illegal laundering he was doing..
user1: Minimum security, does he end up breaking out?
user2: Nope! He gets released after he serves his time and goes back into working as a regular person. He makes a living in sales, which is a huge jump from making $22 million every 3 hours..
user1: Does he behave after that, or does he do some more bad things?
user2: He tries to behave and continue working, but remember, he lost everything! The money, his wife, his daughter, his friends, his luxurious lifestyle.. 
user1: How does he handle that?
user2: We never really know!
user2: The movie will leave you speechless
user2: To go from a regular lifestyle, to the high life, to prison, back to a regular lifestyle..
user1: Thats quite an adventure
user2: It's one of the best movies I've seen in the last 5 years
user1: Thank you for telling me all about this movie, and helping me make a decision.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hey, I just saw this movie.
user2: which movie
user1: It's called the Wolf of Wall Street.
user2: Oh yeah I saw that when it first came out
user2: it was a really good movie
user2: and better because it was based on a true story
user1: Yeah, I loved it. But I used to work on Wall Street so I found it interesting.
user2: leo and that fat guy did a really good job playing their roles
user2: oh thats cool
user2: yeah but they both really threw themselves into the roles
user1: Yeah. They are great. Mathew McConaghey too. 
user2: yeah he was pretty good as well
user1: I also live in NYC and grew up in LI. So, close to home. 
user2: yeah
user1: One of my best friends dad growing up worked at LF Rothschild too.
user2: but it was good with needed all that
user2: fascinating that a man came from nothing a grew an empire 
user2: but all of Leo film are usually very good
user1: But my friends dad worked at the real Rothschild. This was a boiler room. 
user2: cool
user2: so have you seen any other Leo films
user1: correction. DeCaprio was fired from Rothchild, then started a boiler-room. 
user2: yeah
user1: Oddly, my friend's wife lived next door to this guy in LI when she was a child. Current adult friend. So, I had to see it. 
user2: k
user2: what was your fav part of the movie
user1: I thought it was like a more raunchy version of the Great Gatsby.
user2: kinda yeah
user1: But critics didn't like this one as much. 
user2: I thought it got pretty good reviews
user1: They thought it was a a glorification of the lifestyle. I guess they'd rather watch a film on monks.
user2: it was a true story
user2: so it wasn't just a film about Wallstreet...so if it was a glorification the man's life just happen to be a glorification...
user1: Yeah. Well I guess they wanted them to be less graphic with the sex and drugs. 
user2: and it showed what happens when you become obsessed with money and power. 
user1: Or as someone once said; " the difference between porn and erotica is the lighting"
user2: but that's what happened....there was sex and drugs

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: HELLO
user2: Have you guys seen this movie?
user1: i have not seen this movie, have you?
user2: Yes most of it
user1: can you tell me a little about what the plot is
user2: I love Leonardo DiCaprio
user1: Me too! Great actor! p
user2: It is based on the stock market and how he engaged in corruption
user1: was he the lead?
user2: Really I had to turn it off because of the filthy and drugs in it
user2: Yes he was the key cast member
user1: oh wow! well lots of corrupton is this world. i think im gonna try to see it later on today 
user2: Its rating with Rotten Tomatoes wasnt too good either
user1: it looks like it didnt rate very well
user2: Nope it didnt but it was talked about so much when it came out
user1: Matthew McConaughey pplayed in it as well i see. i likehim ! was he goodin his role
user2: Yes I love him too and yes he always plays every role very well!
user2: He does end up making a small fortune
user1: where was this movie filmed?
user1: I'm sure and Leo probably doubled what he made 
user2: I am not sure
user2: Looks like the director is Martin Scorsese
user1: Who's kyle chandler.....LOL  im clueless as you can tell only kow the real famous ones
user2: I have no idea.  But Johana Hill is in this movie too
user2: The critics say it wants to be an interesting story by its made dull by the delusions of being interesting because they are high
user2: WOW
user2: Wow Leo was a producer of this movie too.... I didnt know that
user2: The FBI tries to bring them down
user2: You going to watch the movie

conversation:
user1: I do not see a document! What movie are we talking about here?
user1: hello?
user2: olleh 
user1: what? lol
user2: wolf of wallstreet
user1: Have you seen it before? I love that movie
user2: yes a while back
user1: Leo deserved an oscar for that performance
user1: the quaaludes (sp?) scene was amazing
user2: he does, I cant remember that scene please remind me
user1: it should be on the document somewhere honestly
user1: but it's the scene where he is ridiculously high on drugs
user1: namely quaaludes
user2: oo ok lol
user1: and he crawls out to his car and thinks he makes it home fine when in reality he crashed and basically totaled his car
user2: yea I remember that
user1: that and margot robbie was fantastic
user1: just a great great movie lol
user2: yes indeed
user2: people making small fortunes high risk
user1: what else does it say on the document?
user2: = very exciting
user1: what are you saying? I don't understand lol
user2: Jordan befriends his neighbor, Donnie Azoff, and the two found their own company. Theyrecruit several of Jordan's friends, whom Jordan trains in the art of the "hard sell". The basicmethod of the firm is a pump and dump scam. To cloak this, Jordan gives the firm therespectable-sounding name of Stratton Oakmont. After an exposé in Forbes, hundreds ofambitious young financiers flock to his company. Jordan becomes immensely successfuland slides into a decadent lifestyle full of prostitutes and drugs. He has an affair with awoman named Naomi Lapaglia. When his wife finds out, they divorce, and he marriesNaomi. Meanwhile, the SEC and the FBI begin investigating Stratton Oakmont. Jordanillegally makes $22 million in three hours upon securing the IPO of Steve Madden. Thisbrings him and his firm to the attention of the FBI. To hide his money, Jordan opens a Swissbank account with corrupt banker Jean-Jacques Saurel in the name of Naomi's Aunt Emma,who is a British national and thus outside the reach of American authorities. He uses thewife and in-laws of his friend Brad Bodnick, who have European passports, to smuggle thecash into Switzerland.1 In 1987, Jordan Belfort procures a job as a Wall Street stockbroker for L.F. Rothschild,employed under Mark Hanna, who quickly entices him with the sex and drugs fueledstockbroker culture and teaches him that a stockbroker's only job is to make money forhimself. Jordan soon finds his career terminated following Black Monday and takes a job ata boiler room brokerage firm on Long Island that specializes in penny stocks. Thanks to hisaggressive pitching style and the high commissions, Jordan makes a small fortune.
user1: I've seen the movie, you don't need to copy and paste the whole thing. this hit is about talking about the movie
user2: I watched it a long time ago
user2: i thought it was similar to real life
user1: okay, so read from the plot that's typed out? It is kind of similar I guess but what he did was incredibly illegal
user1: the document should literally just refresh your memory if you've actually seen it. If you haven't then it's no big deal but we're supposed to talk about it together
user1: hello?
user1: are you still there? it's not going to let you finish the HIT if you don't say anything
user1: hey buddy, what the hell?
user1: I mean I can't see the document but I guess I can talk about this movie myself. I loved the way the story progressed, so that you're almost rooting for Jordan Belfort to succeed at his plans. I don't think he's intrinsically a bad guy but he's got some pretty major personality flaws in this movie that are difficult to ignore. Besides the fact that he takes drugs to numb feelings and escape, he treats women like garbage overall.
user1: This could be because of things that happened to him in the past, that part I can't remember. But what I do know is that he seems to have serious problems with human relationships
user1: If you think about it, none of his relationships in the movie are healthy. He hurts most of the people in his life in some way or another over the course of this movie
user1: you suck my friend

conversation:
user1: Did you know that Leonardo Decaprio not only starred in this movie but played a part in directing it as well?
user2: hey]
user2: hes pretty talented
user2: I really liked wolf of wall street
user2: granted it had a lot of rude crude offensive areas in the movie it will still very well written
user2: Like classy crude
user1: I have never watched it due to the reviews and ratings.
user2: Rotten tomoates gave it 78 percent
user2: I mean most the time there ratings are bias
user2: Comparing it to a food critique 
user2: Like maybe the food critique thought the meal wasn't that good, but for us maybe its amazing
user2: Make sense?
user1: I didn't know that Matthew McConaughey was in it or I might have given it a chance. He is typically a good actor.
user2: I think the acting was based on the true story
user2: so have to keep that into acocunt
user2: specially leo
user2: he really gets into his characters
user2: just like in relevant
user1: I totally get that, it was based on a memoir by the same name.
user2: Not to mention me being a day trader, is pretty much how trading can be
user1: In New York like the movie?
user2: ye
user2: I mean lot of traders are doing blow before big trades
user1: So its as corrupt as depicted in the movie?
user2: Jonah hill is in it and I thought he was great
user2: I mean its less personal more cyber now
user2: you can do trades on your phone now
user1: Jonah Hill is always funny
user2: The whole cast really fit for this movie
user2: I mean I also liked Goodfellas
user1: That was the best movie 
user2: So if you enjoyed that, you will enjoy this one
user2: I mean it shows how market manipulation and money can change an honest man into a greedy one
user1: is it realistic they amount of money claimed to be made like the 22 mil in 3 hours?
user2: Yeah
user2: that was before it was regulated
user2: Market manipulation was real
user2: This is what this movie is portraying
user1: as well as all the swiss bank accounts?
user2: yeah managing all the liquidation
user2: I think its worth the watch
user2: Every martin scorses combo with leo is good
user2: Gangs of new york was great
user2: anything else you want to know?
user1: Never seen that either. But I do like margot robbie she was hot. but theres like legitness to it right not all are as twisted as depicted?
user2: ITs pretty legit
user1: what about all the FBI action? Is that fairly common?
user2: FBI always wanted a pce of the pie
user2: But you know jordan did what a lot of people ddid and snitched
user1: And the two friends turning on each other, were they really friends or just using each other?
user2: They were friends but the other friend was always using him
user2: imo
user1: They kind of double crossed each other
user2: Drugs will do that
user2: and money
user2: Go watch it!
user2: Have a good day!
user1: i will 

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hello there! :)
user2: The movie is wolf of wall street
user2: Have you had a chance to watch it?
user1: I want to start of by saying I love that movie! Seen it so many times!
user2: Haha nice me too!
user1: It is hysterical! 
user2: I loved mathew mchonahay in it
user2: i butchered his last name but i think you know who
user2: "Gotta up those numbers"
user1: yeah, "one of us"
user1: lol
user2: The artings didn't rate as high as i would have
user1: wow, ratings are NOT even close.... sad to see a C
user2: It got a c and roughly 75% approval
user2: haha yea
user1: has to be a bunch of prudes who rated it
user2: I wonder if this was margot robbies big movie that set her in the spotlight
user2: haha
user1: ha, well she had some good scenes! 
user2: It is under a black comedy
user1: I liked watching him work his way up from nothing to the top! but see how the greed makes it crumble pretty quickly!
user2: does that mean dark comedy or actual black people comedy?
user1: I think its means like "taboo" and stuff...
user2: ah
user2: Yea that was cool, its kind of crazy that stuff happens
user1: Jonah Hill did a great job in it too! 
user2: Only in murica
user2: Yea he did
user2: he does a good job of being a druggy lol
user1: his epic "steve madden" scene
user2: haha oh yea
user2: and a movie using qualudes
user1: lol expired ones at that
user2: very accurate for the times
user1: he "thinks" he drove his car home fine 
user2: lol 
user1: good movie overall, now i want to go watch it again
user1: :)
user2: Did this give you any motivation to go into investing?
user2: yup same here i just looked if it was on netflix or redbox
user1: kind of! I enjoy investing , i use stockpile!
user2: oh nice!
user1: its cheap and seems safe! check it out!
user1: have a good rest of the monday!
user2: I pay my aunt to do all of the investing
user2: im too scured
user2: you too!

conversation:
user2: Hi
user2: Let's chat!
user1: Hi!
user1: Have you seen the movie Wolf of Wall Street directed by Martin Scorsese?
user2: No, I haven't watch that movie.
user2: Have you?
user1: It's worth a watch. It's a black comedy starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Jonah Hill about a stockbroker's firm engaged in rampant corruption and fraud on Wall Street
user2: Sound's interesting. What is the rating of this movie in Rotten Tomatoes?
user1: I have, I'd recommend it. Rotten tomatoes only gave it 78%, but it's still a passing score.
user2: Yeah, its not a bad rating at all. What year does this movie released?
user1: It was released in 2013. I common criticism is that it glorifies the behavior in the film, but if that's the type of thing you could find comedy in, you would enjoy it.
user2: Sounds great! Aside from Leonardo DiCaprio. Who are the other casts of this movie?
user1: You have Margot Robbie who looked stunning in the move. You also have a Matthew McConaughey, Rob Riener, Kyle Chandler and Jon Favreau. Solid cast
user2: Yeah, solid casts indeed. What is your favorite part of this movie?
user1: It takes place in 1987 and is based the memoir of Jordan Belfort, so the story is loosely true. I enjoyed watching how quickly everything changed once they made a small fortune.
user2: Do you think it is based in real life event?
user1: Some of it is. Especially the beginning where Jordan Belfast starts a small boiler room broker firm in Long Island specializing in penny stocks, that eventually makes a small fortune.
user2: Do you think DiCaprio did a great job in acting his role as Jordan Belfort?
user1: DiCaprio definitely had the face and character for the type of Wall Street stockbroker who ends up getting in some trouble with the law. He was good
user2: Sounds good. What is the genre of this movie?
user1: It's technically a black comedy. There's definitely some drama and thrill, in it as well as their is an FBI investigation and money laundering schemes
user2: Oh, I love comedy movies. Maybe I will like this one. Tell me about the ending of this movie.
user1: Well DiCaprio's character ends making a move that couldn't be ignored by the FBI and hides money in his in-laws oversees account. Can you guess where it ends up going?
user2: Maybe he got jailed.
user2: Am I correct?
user1: Sort of! His in-laws turn him on when they get caught on something unrelated. Then DiCaprio actually becomes an informant and agrees to gather evidence on his colleagues.
user2: Who is the director of this movie?
user1: Martin Scorsese.
user1: Actually Leo did up jail because he told his colleagues he was an informant
user1: So you were reight
user1: right*
user2: What is the business of Jordan Belfort in this movie?
user1: He is founder of a brokerage firm that operates basic pump and dump scams
user2: Great!

conversation:
user1: hi 
user1: i am wil, talk whit you about a movie
user2: Hi! So we're talking about The Wolf of Wall Street
user1: ah ok 
user1: is very good
user1: tell me about this film
user2: I think so! Even though it has a pretty average Rotten Tomato score but it is by Martin Scorsese who is well respected
user1: i will read about it
user2: It's really long but the acting is amazing and the story is really fact paced
user1: ok it's great thisI have not seenhow many times have you seen this movie
user2:  I've probably seen it like 4 or 5 times. I like the movies Leonardo DiCaprio and Scorsese do together so it was right up my alley. Does it seem like a movie you would like?
user1: I'm seeing that it's based on some memories this is interesting
user1: I would like to see this movie, within which genre is classified
user2: I think it's considered a black comedy 
user2: There is a lot of corruption and stealing from people
user1: this is excelllent
user1: Is this movie fun?
user2: yes it has jonah hill who is really funny and the whole movie is kind of making fun of these people
user1: this seems pretty entertaining
user1: I'm reading that this is about an investment agent in the stock market and there the story is centered
user1: hello are you here?
user1: in this moment
user2: yes it's about his journey on wall street. It starts with him getting a job at a fancy wall street firm where he learns that his job is to make as much money as he can for himself and not his clients. Then the market crashes
user1: he decided to open his own company
user1: then he gets his nickname
user2: He gets really successful once he figures out how to rip people off. He becomes a millionaire and has a huge firm of people committing crime with him. Then he has to figure out how to hide his money because the FBI is looking into them after he got his nickname.
user1: Oh I'm understanding all this, it seems pretty spectacular.
user1: I would like to see this movie as soon as I can
user1: this was done in new york
user2: I'm glad! It's a very unique movie
user2: yes
user2: and long island
user2: and switzerland
user1: abandoned offices in Harrison
user1: ah excellent
user2: It shows his success but also his downfall with the FBI
user2: His business partner is also his best friend and the fbi wants them to turn eachother
user1: an agent of the FBI Patrick Denham begins to have suspicions of Jordan Belfort
user2: Yes he is the agent that leads the investigation
user2: He gets a lot of evidence over time
user1: Belfort discovers that he is being investigated and follows the advice of one of his partners
user2: Yes he makes sure that his money can go to Switzerland and be safe from the FBI
user2: He gets a lot of people with European passports to smuggle it into switzerland
user1: ah, I see. then he tries to deposit his money into a Swiss bank account.
user2: yes he finds a corrupt banker in switzerland to help him
user1: This happens when you are advised so that the account holder is not himself, but someone you trust.

conversation:
user2: So we are going to talk about the movie The Wolf of Wall Street
user1: Yes, it seems to have gotten mixed audience reviews.
user2: Yes, apparently some critics found the characters dull!
user1: I find it interesting that even though the critical response seems to be negative, it still managed to get a 78% on Rotten Tomatoes.
user2: Dull characters in a black comedy do not sound appealing!I can understand the average scoring
user2: I think the quality of the actors probably helped
user2: You have DiCaprio, Margot Robbie and Jonah Hill
user1: Also being directed by Scorsese is a plus.
user2: No kidding
user1: The story sounds good on paper but it doesn't appear like it translated well to the screen.
user2: The supporting cast is pretty good too, with Jon Favreau and Matthew McConaughey
user2: It sure seems that way.  It was based on a memoir, so I guess you can only go so far in making it interesting if it wasn't before!
user1: Exactly, big names only go so far.
user2: It looks like the main character was a stock broker.  That does seem like it could be a little cliched.  The summary mentions corruption and drugs, and that story may get old!
user1: Sex, drugs, and money. It had been done before.
user2: It sure has! 
user1: It had potential with the main character going from a small fish in a big pond to a big fish in a small pond early in his career, but I guess the movie took a turn after that.
user2: Greed is not always fun to watch I guess!
user1: It can come off as kind of one note.
user2: A lot of the audience may not remember that 80s finance party culture either
user2: Wow, that latest bit of the summary makes the movie seem hard to follow.  A lot going on there!
user1: Yeah, it looks like if you don't have basic knowledge of finances it could be hard to watch.
user2: Sex, drugs and money seem like such a good combination....  until you need to think too.  LOL.
user1: Haha, it looks like they were trying to make three different movies in one and it got too complicated along the way.
user2: yes, I understand now why the critics said it was epic in size and claustrophobic in scope.  They seem to have tried to cover an entire complicated life in a couple of hours
user1: I wonder what the actual running time of the movie was, I'd have to imagine it would be pretty long.
user2: Well that took a turn at the end!
user2: He lost his mind and stole his daughter.
user1: And then worked with and against the FBI at the same time.
user2: and somehow managed to break his agreement, only spend three years in a country club prison and then still make a living giving seminars
user2: I'm not sure how I feel about this ending. And he obviously got paid for optioning his autobiography into a film. I would feel a little sour if I just watched this!
user1: That ending isn't really satisfying at all, I would understand if that was why critics didn't exactly love it.
user2: Yeah, even if there were good portions the wrap up just seems very unsatisfying.  The main character seems like a real jerk and three years in prison does not make me feel like he got what he had coming. 
user1: Like you're not exactly rooting for this guy, and then he gets a happy ending.

conversation:
user1: Hello just got here.
user2: Me too. What did they mean by "black comedy"?
user1: okay it's comedy that is about people's hard times ...
user2: Or does it mean "dark comedy" as in funny, but in a brutal way?
user1: Or in this case comedy about a black time or something funny that is hurtful
user1: Haven't seen the film so give me your opinion/
user2: Me neither. But I like Good Fellas, a Scorcese (sp?) film and Winter was a writer on the Sopranos that is my favorite TV show of all time.
user1: Leo De Caprio is a good actor so must give the film a lot  substance
user2: He's good. Liked the Revenant.
user1: and this film ranks 78% so that makes me want to see it soon.
user2: The critical responses at the bottom seem pretty tough.
user1: wow that is harsh   
user1: I guess it's about  a stock broker who is a thief
user2: Movies with a rags to riches component are usually interesting.
user1: Any story based even loosely on real life is a winner.
user2: But, yeah, sounds like Jordan was pretty crooked.
user1: You Think!!!!??
user1: It makes you wonder about all stock brokers 
user2: Probably makes for a boring movie if he isn't : )
user1: He even bucked up against the FBI
user2: Yessir. "Stratton Oakmont" sounds like a facade.
user1: Boy it looks adventure part
user2: Also sounds like the kind of place that knows where to get drugs and prostitutes . . . and then the Feds.
user1: It makes me want to read the book first
user2: Swiss bank accounts . . . it has it all.
user1: It's a memoir of the older Belfort
user2: Oh  . . . and a rat!
user1: Makes 22 million in 3 hours....WOW
user2: In the end, he does 3 years of cushy time and gets paid to teach other people how to sell unethically . . . 'Merica!
user1: and  he smuggles CASH out of the country
user1: how does he butter them up to give him sweet time
user2: Even though I haven't seen the movie, I feel like I've read the stories.
user1: I wonder if the people he thought would give him a kickback..
user2: I think I may watch this.
user1: Lately that's been Di aprio's roles  ....danger and money 
user2: Like Departed . .. 
user1: like I said makes me want to read the book for the in between stuff that didn't get on screen.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user2: The wolfe of wallstreet is a good adult film do you agree?
user1: Yes I do
user2: I think Leonardo Dicaprio played the character very well! 
user1: It was banned my country..but I managed to watch it
user2: Hmm, yes that happens sometimes.
user1: Yes Leonardo did a good Job.
user2: It was a little wild so kids couldn't watch it
user1: I wouldn't let my Kids watch it. 
user1: What about the movie do you like most
user2: I like Leonardo Dicaprio and Matthew McConaughey are two of my favorite actors
user1: Can you mention any other movie Leonardo Dicaprio perfoamed so well?
user1: I would say Django
user2: From the doc it looks like the film wasn't a really high scorer but I think it should have gotten better reviews
user2: I would say Titanic 
user1: And Jonah Hill?
user2: Yes
user1: Well it should have gotten more scores
user2: Oh and The Revenant 
user2: I believe so too
user2: It had a cinema score of C
user1: You should watch Jonah Hill on Wardogs 
user2: I will do that
user1: I think the low cinema score was due to it been banned in some countries
user2: That is true
user1: My opinion is
user1: It was a great movie
user2: Hard to believe this was a 2013 movie, seems like a newer movie to me
user2: It was an excellent movie for sure
user2: It is actually how it is in the real world
user2: pretty much
user1: Well...whats fascinates me more is the fact that it really happened and that person exists  
user1: I found myself googling about the real life character
user2: Yes, I do that often myself
user2: "Epic in size, claustrophobically narrow in scope." seems a little off to me
user2: It is a critical response though
user1: How would you put it?
user1: I do not agree with the second point under the critical response. 

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hi just saw the Wolf of Wall Street and it was an awesome movie. Have you seen it?
user2: Yes and i like it very much
user2: 2013 best movie for me
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio was amazing as Jordon Belfort.
user2: which actor  performance did you like the best 
user2: hello

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello
user1: It's a good movie. I like Martin Scprsese.
user2: I think he is a great director as well
user2: What did you liked the most about the movie
user1: I mostly thought the casting was good. Leonald DiCaprio was great as Jordan
user2: Yeah, it had a great cast,
user2: I love how Leonardo DiCaprio acts
user1: Surprised it only gotten 78% from Rotten Tomatoes.
user2: his role was pretty good in The Wolf of Wall Street.
user2: Yeah I know! It has low ratings, shoud have higher ones
user1: I didn't know DiCaprio was also a producer...
user2: I didnt know that either, did you like the role of Jonah Hill?
user1: He played Donnie, right? I like him anyway. I think he was good.
user2: Yeah, he was Donnie, and I also liked him a lot
user2: so what do you think about the critic responses
user1: So the scene was based on 1987. I guess somethings change but somethings stay the same...
user1: I think the critics are too harsh...
user2: Yeah I agree
user2: I think that the critic responses are wrong as well as the ratings
user2: definetely a great movie
user1: It's just a black comedy...just a movie. Lighten up! lol
user2: Yeah lol I know!
user2: So what was your favorite scene from the movie?
user1: Jordan and Donnie are kind of unlikely partners/friends and I found the dynamic interesting. 
user1: I don't know...what is your favorite scene?
user2: I like it when Jordan makes 22 million in an illegal way.
user2: I thought it was really fun
user2: and exiting.
user1: Yeah, it's crazy!
user2: Yeah it is!
user2: I also liked when the FBI arrests Jordan
user2: and when he receives a reduce sentence.
user1: There were some surprising twists to the plot...
user1: Donnie ratting out on Jordan.
user2: Yeah, I  agree, thats what makes the movie great, 
user2: not at all predictable.
user1: Kind of sad...human nature? Greed and fear?
user2: Yeah, its not that far from reality......
user2: anyways, great movie.
user1: Yes, I did enjoy it very much.

conversation:
user2: hello there
user1: Hello! Have you ever seen The Wolf of Wall Street
user2: No I have not. When did it come out?
user1: It came out in 2013, and was directed by Martin Scorsese.
user2: Ok, which actors are in it
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio, Jonah Hill, Margot Robbie, Kyle Chandler, and Rob Reiner. It's amazing.
user2: Oh wow I thought I had seen all of Leo's films. I like him  and Jonah hill the other actors I dont recognize. What is this film about?
user1: It is about Leo's portrayal of Jordan Belfort. He was a stockbroker who engaged in fraud on Wall Street. 
user2: And what else happened?
user1: Patrick Denham plays an FBI agent who tries to take him down. Matthew McConaughey always plays Jordan's mentor.
user2: ok and is this a true story or fiction?
user2: what happens to Leo?
user1: This is a true story. It got a 7.8 On Rotten Tomatoes. He first takes a job in penny stocks where he uses an aggressive pitching style to gain a larger commission. Making himself a small fortune.
user2: sounds like he got greedy
user2: 7.8 is not a good rateing
user1: He certainly did. It really just started as a way to be able to pay his bills. 78% is still better than a failing grade! One of the better black comedy movies.
user2: ok sorry thought it said 7.8
user2: So did he have a family?
user2: and what happened to make him commit fraud?
user1: 7.8 out of 10! During the movie Margot Robbie plays his wife, Naomi. 
user2: ok I get it now, yes that is an ok rateing
user2: Does he have children?
user1: His wife finds out about prostitutes and it doesn't go so well. Jordan illegally makes money by lying about information on stocks he is selling. 
user1: He does have a child during the movie
user2: Oh No!
user2: What happens to his family? His marriage?
user1: When she finds out they divorce. 
user2: Oh so sad.
user2: I wouldnt stick around either though with prostitutes and so on. Does he go to jail, do they catch  him?
user1: Yes, but Jordan definitely has a very fun run of things up until he comes crashing down. 
user1: He tries to make a co-op deal with the feds, but slips a note to someone he is ratting on saying he is wearing a wire.
user2: does he live the high life?
user1: They  rat on him for ratting on wearing the wire, and he goes down with 3 years in prison.
user2: so he could not even be honest then either...
user1: Absolutely, with all that money and power he did whatever he wanted. Honesty is thrown out the window at that point.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hi there
user1: What movie are we talking about?
user2: the wolf of wall street is on the menu today
user1: I am interested in seeing it.
user1: What is it about?
user2: It's a dramatization of a NYC stockbroker's career
user1: How are the reviews for it?
user2: they are varied. rotten tomatoes are 7,8/10. Metacritic 75/100, and cinemascore C.
user1: Interesting. Who directed the movie?
user2: it was directed by Martin Scorcese
user1: Wow! He is one of my favorite directors.
user2: He's really good.
user1: Is this movie suitable for kids?
user2: not at all. apart from dubious morals, it has a lot of nude scenes and drug consumption.
user1: I see, that is not good for kids at all.
user2: on the other hand, kids are probably not very interested in films about the stockmarket
user1: What year was this movie released?
user2: it's from 2013
user1: Not too old I guess.
user1: So it is based on a true story?
user2: it's based on the memories of Jordan Belfort. I'm not sure if they are true or not, but it's supposed to be somewhat biographical.
user1: Yeah, it does sound like an interesting film by a good director, but reception seems mixed as you indicated. 
user2: it's entertaining and funny, but it leaves you with mixed feelings depending on your moral compass
user1: Yes, I guess it is how much you can stomach in terms of personal preferences.
user1: Who stars in the movie?
user2: Leo di Caprio pays Belfort, the central character 
user1: He's a great actor.
user2: then Jonah Hill has his partner
user2: one of his best performances
user1: I see.
user1: Cool! I'll put it on my watch list. Thanks for the help.
user2: pleasure talking with you.

conversation:
user1: Hello! Which movie is it?
user2: HiHave you seen The Wolf of Wall Street, directed by Martin Scorsese?
user1: Ah great movie I heard! I am a big fan of Scorsese!
user1: Who stars in the movie?
user2: It has Leonardo DiCaprio, Jonah Hill, Margot Robbie. Kyle Chandler, and Rob Reiner.
user2: I just Adore everything Leonardo DiCaprio is in since growing pains.
user1: Very nice ensemble of cast
user2: Jonah Hill is so funny.
user1: Sure. Are the reviews good for the movie?
user2: And Margot Robbie is so pretty!
user1: Well let's talk about the contents of the document you are given
user2: It is a very entertaining movie. It's somewhat of a black comedy. I didn't know, but it is based on a memoir.
user1: So tell me about Leo's character. What does he do in the movie?
user2: It tells a story of Jordan Belfort (DiCaprio) in his career as a stockbroker. Jonah Hill is his business partner, Donnie Azoff.
user1: I see. Do they start their own firm? or are they just a coworker?
user2: They get into some shady business dealings and the FBI tries to bring them down. 
user2: Matthew McConaughey is in the movie too. He does a pretty impressive acting job in this movie, he useually comes across somewhat dingy, but He played his character intensely.
user1: Okay. What character does he play? Does he play an important role?
user2: The characters make a fortune in penny stocks, and there is some high life luxeries with sex and drugs.
user1: I am asking you about Matthew McConaughey's character
user2: I forgot his character's name, let me figure that out for you.
user1: nonono you shouldn't discuss anything not included in the documents
user1: Let's just talk about the plot
user1: What happens to DiCaprio's and Hills' characters while working as penny stocker? 
user2: McConaughey's character is Mark Hanna, the main boss of the stockbroking business. He lures in Jordan Belfont and Donnie Azoff to his firm doing shady investing in offshore pennystocks
user2: He entices them with parties with sex and drugs.
user1: Move on to the next scene, what happens after?
user2: eventually the FBI arrests Jordan, but trades leniency for information on his colleagues.
user1: Okay. that sounds like the beginning of the end for Jordan's fortune
user1: And then what happens?
user2: Eventually Jordan loses everything, his shady job, his wife leaves him and takes their children. He even tries to warn his buddy Donnie that the FBI is after him because he cares for him, but Donnie betrays him and rats him out to the FBI.
user1: Great. Sounds like an interesting plot. Thanks for chatting with me
user2: I hope you will see it, I feel I don't give it enough credit. I was very entertained
user1: Good night!
user2: thanks!

conversation:
user1: Hey there!
user2: hello
user2: how are you?
user1: I'm great!
user1: Have you ever seen the Wolf of Wall Street?
user2: no i have not 
user2: that's a nice tittle
user2: what's movie is this?
user1: It's a great Scorcese movie with Leo and Jonah HIll
user2: is that leonardo di caprio?
user1: Oh you know it!
user2: no but because you said Leo I presumed it was him
user2: that's the only Leo that i can think off 
user1: When he's young he starts working on Wall Street, but when the market crashes he's forced to start working at a sketchy brokerage 
user1: That begins his fall to the dark side
user2: haha
user2: the dark side
user2: why he makes too much money?
user1: Yeah he gets invovled with drugs and ripping people off 
user2: ohh i see
user1: He hires his neighbour and they found their own firm selling crappy stocks to poor people 
user2: he starts selling drugs?
user2: oh ok 
user1: No just doing drugs 
user2: when did the movie come out?
user1: They do an IPO for Steve Madden, but it was actually a pump and dump scam and they make $22 million in 3 hours 
user1: It came out in 2013 
user2: damn that's a lot of money for 3 hours
user2: than they were good
user1: Yeah I wouldn't be mad
user2: beside the ripping people off
user1: But the FBI arrests Leo eventually 
user1: And he has to wear a wire and rat on his friends
user2: haha you gave away the ending
user2: but still would be interesting to watch it
user2: how it develops
user2: is it based on real facts?
user1: Yeah its really fun and pretty funny 
user1: You should definitely watch it
user2: i will, thank you
user2: nice talking to you
user2: thanks for telling me about the movie
user1: Hey no problem any time 
user2: bye
user1: bye bye 

conversation:
user1: Good morning, how are you?
user2: Fantastic, how about yourself? 
user1: great, thanks for asking!
user1: What is our movie of the day?
user2: The Wolf of Wall Street. Have you seen it? 
user1: No, but I heard it's quiet good! Have you?
user2: Over a dozen times! One of my all time favourites
user2: You've got to see it 
user1: Leo Decaprio is in it and I know he makes any movie good!
user1: I know it's about Wall street corruption?
user2: Yeah Leo was great as always, but Jonah Hill really shines 
user1: is this based on true story?
user2: Yeah, Leo is a stockbroker who quickly goes down the dark path after getting laid off during Black Monday.
user2: Yeah its about the real Jordan Belfot (Leo)
user2: He became corrupted by the drugs and greed
user1: reminds me of Catch Me of You can with Leo-he is good at playing crooks!
user2: Its kind of like Catch Me If You Can, but a lot more sex and drugs
user1: and Margo Robbie is a female character?
user1: she is very attractive but I never saw a movie with her
user2: Margot Robbie plays Leo's mistress and then wife
user1: how interesting!
user2: He eventually uses her aunt to open a Swiss bank account for him to money launder for him because she's a UK citizen
user1: this sounds interesting, I will definitely give this movie a try
user2: It's definitely a fun one, but make sure you don't have any little ones around!
user1: would be a nice diversion from all the latest super heroes movies and apocalyptic films!
user1: Very true-my 4 year old is always around-I'll have to wait past his bed time!
user2: Yeah it really brings you into his rise with all the extravagence, but then you realize how bad it is and how he basically ruins his life
user1: yes-greed ruins everything! Look at Steve Wynn-had everything and beyond and lost it all for nothing!
user2: Exactly - I read the book this is based on, the illegal stuff made him like 1% of everything he had!
user2: Now he's banned from Wall Street for life 
user1: Wow!
user2: Could've been a success but the greed (and drugs) are blinding
user1: Thanks so much for telling me about the movie, I hope you have a nice day!
user2: You too!
user1: Thanks!

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: Hi, Have you heard of the movie The Wolf of Wall Street?
user1: Yes, it’s a trip.
user2: great movie eh. Got 78% in Rotten Tomatoes
user1: Should’ve been higher. It’s a marathon of drug-addled madness and it’s hysterical. 
user2: I agree. Leonardo did a great job portraying his role as Jordan
user2: based on the memoir of the same name by Jordan Belfort.
user2: hello
user2: The Wolf of Wall Street is a 2013 American black comedy directed by Martin Scorsese andwritten by Terence Winter, based on the memoir of the same name by Jordan Belfort. It recountsBelfort's perspective on his career as a stockbroker in New York City and how his firm StrattonOakmont engaged in rampant corruption and fraud on Wall Street that ultimately led to hisdownfall. Leonardo DiCaprio (who was also a producer) stars as Belfort, with Jonah Hill as hisbusiness partner and friend Donnie Azoff, Margot Robbie as his wife Naomi Lapaglia and KyleChandler as Patrick Denham, the FBI agent who tries to bring him down. Matthew McConaughey,Rob Reiner, Jon Favreau, Joanna Lumley and Jean Dujardin also star.

conversation:
user1: Hello, how are you?
user2: Hello, I am well how are you?
user1: I'm doing great, thanks! So what movie are we talking about today?
user2: What did you think of the movie Wolf of Wall Street
user1: I thought it was amazing. Leonardo Dicaprio and Jonah Hill were awesome. What about you?
user2: I really enjoyed the film. I was eighteen years old when I viewed the film so I was heavy into the party scenes. 
user1: Haha wow, if you partied like that, congratulations. That was some hard core partying for sure. 
user1: What was it rated?
user2: Leonardo Dicaprio did a fantastic job performing the role of Jordan Belfort and they way he acted when he was on drugs
user2: It was rated R
user1: Oh the movie score I mean, not that rating, sorry.
user2: I did not party like that but was into the party scene and drinking not so much the drugs.
user1: I know, Leo is an amazing actor. 
user2: it received a 78% from rotten tomatoes, which I think is a pretty fair score
user1: Yea I never got into drugs like that. But it's fun to watch other people lol. 
user1: Oh, I'm surprised, I thought it would have gotten higher.
user1: What was your most memorable scene from the movie?
user2: I think it is a pretty raunchy movie with some of the scenes and therefore did not score as well as you would have thought.
user1: Yea that's a good point
user2: My favorite scene is the scene with Margot Robbie, where she is not wearing any panties lol
user2: what about you
user1: Haha yea that was definitely a great scene. I think the scene where he crashes the lambo was my favorite scene. Or maybe that weird Matthew Machanhay (no idea how to spell that) scene
user2: What did you think of the opening scene when Jordan Belfort meets Mark Hanna 
user1: Is that the matthew scene?
user2: yes that is the matthew scene where they go out to lunch and he does cocaine and tells him he needs to jerk off more
user1: lol yesss. I loved that scene. That was so cool.
user1: Amazing movie really now that I'm thinking about it again.
user2: yes so many memorable scenes!
user1: And since you brought up Margot Robbie, that was the first movie where I realized how gorgeous she was
user2: What did he think of the ending scene when he makes a living hosting seminars on sales techniques
user1: I thought that was awesome. Reminded me of that movie Catch me if you can also by leo. 
user1: Oh wow, we're done already. Great job!
user1: It was nice talking to you, hope we get paired up again!
user2: yes me too I had never heard of her before and she stole my heart in this movie. She is stunningly beautiful

conversation:
user2: Hi there!
user1: Hi!  I'd like to tell you about an awesome movie that is an irresponsible glorification rather than a satirical takedown!
user2: Sounds good. What movie is it?
user1: It is called The Wolf of Wall Street.  It's a "black comedy" about a stockbroker who is pursued by the FBI for corruption!
user2: That's with Leo DiCaprio, right?
user2: I haven't seen it. Is it good?
user1: That's right!  And it has other stars like Jonah Hill, Margot Robbie, and and Rob Reiner.  On Rotten Tomatoes it scores a 7.8 out of 10 and on Metacritic is scores a 75 of 100.  I think those ratings are too low.  I mean, this was directly by Martin Scorsese and has his fingerprints all over it.
user2: I LOVE Martin Scorsese!! Why do you say it's an irresponsible glorification.
user1: The characters are dull to start with and made even duller by their delusions about how very interesting that they are.  All because they are so high!  The movie is from the perspective of the stockbroker (Jordan Belfort) whom the FBI pursued.
user2: So this is a true story?
user1: It's based on a memoir written by the main character.  Opinions may vary on how true memoirs really are.  :)
user2: What was the corruption?
user2: Lol...yes, depending on whose memory is being tapped.
user1: The stock broken starts working in a brokerage that sells penny stocks.  He makes a fortune with an aggressive pitch...and high commissions
user1: Belfort is enticed into shady business with  a culture built around sex and drugs...and money
user2: Is the stock broker Leo's character?
user1: Yup, Leo is the stock broker.  Leo was also a producer on the film.  
user2: I like his movies...especially when they are directed by Scorsese. 
user2: So what is the shady business he gets into?
user1: Belfort portrays himself as being interested in clients but he's really just out to make money for himself.  He, along with friends that he trains, push people to buy stock.  The clients are told the stock is respectable but it is really a pump and dump scam.  
user1: He illegally makes over $22 million in three hours on a single deal!
user1: Guess what he uses the cash for...
user2: Yikes, I'm in the wrong business...
user2: What?
user1: A decadent lifestyle full of prostitutes and druges.  Divorces his wife, and tries to hide money in a Swiss account
user1: Get this: he stays out of jail for two years!
user2: No kidding....how cliche.
user2: He gets away with it for two years??
user1: Finally the FBI catches one of his "associates" on an unrelated problem.  This "associate" tells the FBI what they need.  The FBI is able to arrest Belmont, finally.  At this point he's lost his wife, his kids, and so he agrees to inform on the others.
user1: It gets even better:
user1: one of the guys he snitches on keeps a note that Belfort wrote him to warn him he was snitching.  The guy keeps the note and gives it to the FBI to snitch on Belfort!
user1: He was wearing a wire at the time so he thought the note would warn his friend without the FBI knowing
user2: Oh, geeeeez. What a dufus. That's hilarious.
user2: Who plays the friend?
user2: What character does Jonah Hill play?
user1: That's Jonah Hill's character...the fried.
user1: Not fried, the friend
user1: Although he is fried in most of the movie
user1: The character is, I mean
user2: Lol...I have to see this. Thanks for all the information. 
user1: Thank you.  I hope you enjoy it!  You will never guess the ending....
user1: Belfort gets out of prison and becomes a deliverer of seminars on his sales technique!
user2: Oh no!! That's what we need is a bunch of Belforts.....

conversation:
user1: heloo movie watcher
user1: have you watched any good movies lately?
user2: hello yes
user2: I have watched this movie called the wolf of wall street
user1: ahh leonardo dicaprio
user2: yes leonardo dicaprio stars as jordan belfort who the movie is based on 
user1: wasnt that directed by martin scorsese?
user2: yes in 2013 and it's considered a "black comedy" film
user1: how about that metacritic score of 75/100
user2: yes it seems some of the critics found the charcters in the film dull
user2: it would be hard to make characters that work on wall street interesting though
user1: however i was under the impression that this movie deserves a little higher cinemascore than a "C".
user2: it does have some major actors like mathew mcconaughey and rob reiner
user2: but it does have a lot of sex and drugs in the film 
user1: yes as a wall street stockbroker for l.f. rothschild drugs and sex was a quick stranglehold
user2: it is amazing how the main character made so much money off of penny stocks
user1: agreed the boiler room brokerage firm that specializes in "penny stocks" yah right
user1: although, clever as he was, to aquire a small fortune in spite of his predicament
user2: it also apparently took place during the late 1980s
user1: 22 million in three hours!! especially in the 80's
user1: the fbi and sec must have been all over him
user2: yes he had to have known making that much money in such a short amount of time would have gotten attention from the fbi
user2: he had to be very clever to figure out a plan with teh swiss accounts as well 
user1: right after black monday
user2: it seems a little unethical for him to use family connections in that way though 
user1: and to fence the cash through his wifes sister what a plot
user1: shouldnt have left such an extensive paper trail
user2: yes it was all becoming too much for him 
user1: he even gets arrested for breaching his co-operation deal
user2: as shown by him trying to take his daughter and ends up crashing the car instead
user1: yah in the driveway lol
user2: it all seems like he got off a little too easy though?
user1: substantail for a white collar but definately 36 isnt that bad considering

conversation:
user1: HI WHAT MOVIE ARE WE READING >??
user2: Hi
user1: HI
user2: The film is The wolf of Wall street.
user1: OH OK i HAVENT SEEN THAT ONE 
user1: WHAT IS THAT ONE ABOUT 
user2: The critics did not like it because it glorifies greed
user1: oh how interesting so it is a money movie 
user1: who is in it ?
user2: It is the story of Jordan Belfort, a stockbroker who started honest but quickly learn that success is not moral< 
user2: Leonard Di Caprio is Belfort, Jonah Hill is his protégé.
user1: oh how interesting .. stockbroker jobs sound fun
user1: oh ok i know who leonardo is i didnt realize he was in it 
user1: jonah hill is funny
user1: what else happens in the movie ?
user1: is it for families ?
user2: The story begins in 1987, where he quickly learn the job of stockbroker but he is sack because of Black Monday.
user1: ok
user2: It is not for families, it as a lot of sex and drugs.
user1: oh ok
user2: and immoral behaviour
user1: oh yes that doesnt sound like a family movie 
user2: The second part of the film is where Belfort starts his own firm and has a lot of success by being dishonest
user1: oh it sounds intense
user1: what happens next
user2: It gets more intense as Belfort slides into a decadence because of all the money he makes
user1: wall street is tricky like that sounds like he has become greedy as well 
user1: sounds like a good movie so far
user1: then what happens
user2: He divorce his wife then marries another woman Noami played by Margot Robbie
user2: He use his wife family to funnel money to Switzerland to evade the FBI
user1: how exciting 
user1: margot robbie is a good actress too 
user1: then what happens
user2: But he gets caught by the FBI and became an informant, Then the film is a cat and mouse game, Belfort tires to frame his friends. 
user2: But he has a change of hearth and decide not to betray his friends
user1: oh he becomes the bad guy sounds like this movie has a good ending   
user1: thank you 
user2: But he is betrayed by his friends who testify against him, 
user2: byt
user2: that was short

conversation:
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio is one of my favorite movie stars.  Do you like him?
user2: I have never seen The wolf of wall street but I enjoy Scorsese movies. Do you
user2: I enjoy some of Leonardo DiCaprios movies but not many
user1: Yes.  Scorcese is a great director.  I liked the Wolf of Wall Street.  It really makes me question the people who actually work on wall street.
user1: There are a lot of people on Wall Street just looking to get rich like in the movie.
user2: By reading what the movie is about I can believe it. I am  going to look this movie up
user2: Which is why there are so many movies about the people who do and end up in trouble
user1: It is definitely a movie worth watching.  Kyle Chandler was good as the FBI agent trying to chase them down.
user2: I don't believe I know who Kyle Chandler is without looking him up
user1: THe people in the movie were definitely involved with rampant corruprtion.
user2: As the real life versions they portray 
user1: I had forgotten about the part where he ends up pitching penny stocks to poor people over the phone.  He made a killing and made other people broke.
user1: He was definitely a good salesman.
user2: I believe I've seen documentrys related to this but there are so many on corrupt wall street people its hard to be sure if I am thinking of the right one
user1: Right.  These guys were definitely being chased by the FBI who were determined to catch them but it was definitely a cat and mouse game.
user2: I enjoy black comedys but im unsure if I'd enjoy it as much since its really happening all the time
user1: They managed to hide their money all over the world under other people's names.  It is definitely like what people do now.
user2: i see he opened a swiss account with a corrupt banker and smuggled cash over.  
user1: Yes and he used his wife and other friends as lackeys to do the smuggling.
user2: and yes there are lots of banks that will look the other way and family to dodirty work
user1: The Swiss are famous for protecting the privacy of who has their bank accounts
user2: It says he made 33 millon in 3 hours
user2: I see his friend ended up telling on him in the end which is how it happens to save their own skin
user1: He did make a lot of money.  BUt like a lot of rich people who are scammers lost it in the end
user1: He ratted out on his friends. and lost his wife and kids
user2: it says he now makes his living giving siminars on sales technique
user1: Right so he can teach others how to scam people
user2: I'm sure he makes a nice living doing it though, and since his money was tucked away in swiss banks his wife nor the people he scammed were able to get any of it.
user2: I can't believe he served so little time in prison 
user1: His wife helped put it in the Swiss bank so I bet she got her fair share.  Probably worked out a deal to not tell the feds to get her share
user1: Rich people never spend a lot of time in prison for white collar crimes
user2: I think it depends on the person and crime but they do get off easily

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user2: I'll wait for you to finish reading
user1: Hi there! Almost done
user1: Alright, the movie we are discussing is The Wolf of Wall Street. Have you heard of it before?
user2: Yeah! its a great movie
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio is great
user2: His dynamic with Jonah Hill's character is amazing
user1: Definitely! Leonardo has some crazy scenes towards the end too :)
user2: For sure
user1: Jonah Hill actually seemed like a younger brother, you know?
user2: Yeah i get that too
user2: but to be honest he was the more mature one of the duo
user2: character wise

conversation:
user1: I really like movies by Martin Scorsese. He directed the Wolf of Wall Street.
user2: I really like leonard DiCaprio as an actor.
user1: Did you know that he produced the Wolf of Wall Street?
user2: Yes i see that he has Directed The Wolf of Wall Street.
user1: Apparently The Wolf of Wall Street is considered a black comedy. Jonah Hill is usually funny and he was in it.
user2: I believe this is a good movie. I don't believe the critical responses that are given.
user1: You would think that with so many big name actors that it would have scored higher.
user2: I know it is a shame that movies can me made or broken just with a few bad views by critics.
user1: One critic wrote "made duller by their delusions of being interesting because they are high"... wasn't that the idea behind Fast Times at Ridgemont High?
user2: I think this movie has a really good plot to it. 
user1: The critics called it narrow in scope. 
user2: It is also trying to say that we are only interested in characters who are dull people to start with. 
user2: Mattew Mcconaughey is not a dull actor
user1: You would think a movie about drugged up stockbrokers would be a huge hit. 
user2: I would like to be dull and have all that money.
user1: Funny how he makes so much money selling penny stocks.
user2: They even say that the basic method of this firm is a pump and dump scam. 
user1: Apparently you get to buy lots of prostitutes if you are a rich scam artist working n the stock market. 
user2: Sounds like it is getting more interesting when the wife finds out and then he goes out and marries again. 
user1: He makes $22 million in three hours. That is impressive.
user2: Very impressive indeed.
user2: It also gets the attention of the FBI and that is not always good.
user1: So basically this guy hires a bunch of crooks to pose as stock brokers and scam a bunch of people. And then he makes a big deal for $22 million. And then he needs to run from the law.
user2: Then Saurel gets arrested in florida and turns evidence on Jordan that gets him arrested by the FBI.
user1: Three years minimum security prison? That's it for $22 million? Holy cow! 
user2: Now Naomi is divorcing Jordan for all of this now.
user2: She is then going to take full custody of their children. 
user1: Yeah, well that makes sense. You would think that some of that money would be "stashed away" somewhere though wouldn't you?
user1: I mean, after all those drugs and stuff the kids shouldn't be part of that.
user2: After Jordan turns evidence and is release he will now have to make a living hosting seminars on a sales technique.
user1: How do you think he crashed in his own driveway? That had to have been hysterical? 
user2: I would have left him also those kids are innocent through all of this.

conversation:
user1: hey!
user2: Hi there, hope all is well. 
user1: yes!
user1: the movie is 
user1: the wolf of wall street
user1: have you seem?
user2: Oh sounds good, did you enjoy it!
user1: yes!
user2: I have not, is it new 
user1: 2013!!
user1: 5 years ago!
user2: Oh not too new, what is it about 

conversation:
user2: hello there
user2: are you there partner?
user1: hello
user1: how are you
user2: very we;;, how are you?
user1: wolf of wall street sounds like an excellent movie
user1: great yourself
user2: pretty good. i never heard of wolf on wall street 
user2: is it a good movie?
user2: have you seen it yourself?
user2: what is it about?
user2: is it a scary movie ;)
user1: yes its a great movie
user1: its about jordan belforts company
user1: and how he used the stock market to make a bunch of money selling penny stocks
user1: until the fbi investiagted him, shut him down and put him in jail
user2: what i thought stocks were legal! why did he go to jail?
user1: leonardo decaprio stars as belfort
user2: i love Leonardo
user2: who else is in it?
user2: why did he go to jail?
user2: still there?
user1: they took a small penny stock steve madden shoes and inflated the price
user1: they made millions off of it and dumped it
user2: wow! is the movie like a documentary?
user2: or is it  more like a drama?
user1: they were buying stocks themselves as fake people
user1: yes sort of like one
user2: Thats crazy, I know something like that really happened in real life. Any other good actors in it?

conversation:
user1: What movie did you read about?
user2: The wolf of Wall Street 
user2: You should watch that
user1: why?
user2: Fantastic cast
user1: what is it about?
user2: About a guy with career on Wall Street and his firm gets wrapped up in corruption 
user1: who is in the cast?
user2: De April is great 
user1: who are the members of the cast?
user2: Sorry,decaprio is great
user2: Mathew mcconaughey
user2: Joan hill
user2: Margot Robbie 
user1: who directed the movie?
user2: And Martin Scorsese’s the director
user2: Can’t go wrong with him
user2: Rob Reiner is also in it
user1: what is the rating on the movie?
user2: Rotten tomatoes gave it 78%
user1: what about the MPAA rating?
user2: It honestly doesn’t say
user2: Odd
user1: well, is it family friendly?
user2: I’m gonna say no
user2: Probably rated r
user1: That could be a problem for me.  How long is the movie?
user2: Very long
user2: 3 hours 
user1: Is there a point where I can take a break from watching it?  Like an intermission?
user2: I don’t believe so no
user1: Because of my children, I would have to see it without them.  Would my wife enjoy this movie?
user2: I think she would
user2: My wife liked it
user1: is there a happy ending?
user2: No,the firm goes down
user2: Dark humor
user2: I enjoyed it 
user2: Feds took them down 
user1: is this based in real life?

conversation:
user1: Hi
user1: Have you seen this movie?
user2: Hi
user2: I have.
user2: Have you?
user1: No
user1: Is it good?
user2: Yes.  It is very good.  Very pornographic, however.
user2: It's also confusing because a lot happens.
user1: yeah? Who is the main character?
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio.  He's the guy who makes the money and gets Jonah Hill to get caught up in it.
user1: How does he make the money?
user2: I forgot, exactly.  I think it was like Enron, "deck of cards".
user1: I think he does it through stocks, right?
user2: Yeah, I think.  
user1: What is the name of the main character?
user2: "Jordan Belfort", I guess.
user1: Yes

conversation:
user1: Dicaprio is a fine actor
user2: He is really but I think Jonah Hill deserves all the credit for this one. He acted a lot better
user1: He stepped a bit out of his normal roles for sure
user2: Also, I believe it was not as much as DiCaprio being a good actor. Scorsese really knows how to direct his actors. Don't you think ?
user1: No denying that, I'm surprised the critical response is so negative on there
user2: Me too, I quite enjoyed the movie. But Critic's soemtimes are too tough
user1: Yeah it seems they are sometimes viewing the film in a way the average person is not.
user2: They say the characters are dull they seem pretty lively to me. Based on true events as well.
user1: I agree the characters were fine. I wonder how many liberties they took with truthfulness though. They often stretch that pretty far.
user2: It was not clear for me how faithful they stayed to the book. as I did not read it.
user1: Me neither. Didn't it win a bunch of academy awards?
user2: I am not really sure. With these reviews it looks like it did pretty bad. What do you think of Margot Robbie's performance ?
user1: It was good but maybe even average. I wasn't blown away for sure.
user2: I like how he picked himself up after his first failure at Wall Street. He did a really good job at the penny stocks place.
user1: Indeed. Penny stocks are supposed to a really tough way to get ahead.
user2: but it was a good start for him
user2: but he got too rich too fast and too soon .. which got him under the microscope of the FBI
user1: He was not exactly low-key either. Odd they do not use the IMDB rating I thought it was the most popular
user2: I mainly consider Rotten Tomatoes, they are more aligned with my taste. But do you think saying the genre is black comedy is right.
user2: what do you think ?
user1: Yeah it is fair to classify it as that. Biography if it sticks to the truth but comedic for sure.
user2: but it is really weird he would marry a prostitute, he had a good thing going on with his wife .
user1: That was his personality I think, he was reckless and pleasure seeking to bad degree.
user1: He got off pretty light I think considering the money involved.
user1: Were you surprised Donnie snitched?
user1: Hello?
user1: you there?
user2: No not at all .. I could always see it coming
user2: that he would snitch
user2: I think it was very reasonable how it ended ... with him working again and doing seminars
user1:  Yeah but I am sure he owes a load of money and got lucky in my opinion.
user2: I think the point of the movie that a hustler is always a hustler .. and will always find a way to make money
user1: That's probably true. Also shows the level of corruption and fraud that comes with Wall Street.

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hi, how are you?
user2: Good. Have you seen the Wolf of Wall Street?
user1: No, but I would be interested in seeing it, I think.  
user2: It's based on a memoir by Jordan Belfort. The movie recounts Belfort's career as a stockbroker and all the corrupt practices of his firm.
user1: That is interesting, I recently heard his name was in the news, but I cannot remember what the headline was.  I think he was arrested or something.  I'll have to check that out.  Who plays Belfort?
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio. I swear he can't do no wrong, might be interesting to watch just to see him.
user1: I like Leo, although my God he is looking old and haggard these days.  what are you doing Leo??!!  jeez.  Who else is in this thing?
user2: It also features Margot Robbie as his wife Naomi Lapaglia.
user1: Wow, she is fantastic, did you happen to see I Tonya?
user2: No. It's on my watch list.
user1: OH, man, it is riveting!  You will love it, especially if you were an 80's kid like me and grew up watching the spectacle.  
user2: I'm a nineties kid, but still the story seems interesting. And back to this movie it was released in 2013, when Leonardo DiCaprio was younger. 
user2: It really doesn't have that many good reviews. Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 7.8, Metacritic a 75 and Cinemascore gave it a C.
user1: Well, you know, it's not really a natural fit for me.  The whole Wall Street thing.  I find it so disturbing, I guess.  Just a bunch of rich jerks.  Although I guess that any story, if well told, can be interesting.
user1: Oh, those scores are not that impressive, no, are they?
user1: I often do rely on ratings and reviews to decide what movie to see.
user2: Not really. I don't really decide what to watch solely on those scores, but they help.
user1: One of my favorite sites to read movie reviews is....ah....it's right here...I forgot.
user2: I mean I may watch a movie with bad ratings if I find the story interesting.
user2: Do you like Scorsese films. I forgot to tell you that this is a Scorsese film.
user1: rogerebert.com is the site I like to read.  He's been gone for years now but there are plenty of his old reviews and some fine writers to cover the new movies.
user2: I've read some of those reviews for old movies I want to watch. They are really well thought out and thorough. 
user1: Oh, Scorsese.  I have to think a minute to remember what films he did.
user2: I think his most famous film is Goodfellas.
user1: Taxi Driver, Goodfellas, and lots of other stuff.  Lord, I loved Goodfellas.  That was an awesome picture.  Just tremendous.  REally enjoyed that.  
user1: Now if Wolf can compare with the entertainment value of Goodfellas, then I'd have to see it, I guess.  
user1: This is odd.  he also did Life Itself, a documentary film about Roger Ebert, who I just mentioned.  Isn't that weird?
user2: I guess. When did that came out?
user1: Let's see...that came out in 2014.  I have not seen it.  I just looked at the description.
user1: I guess Ebert lost his jaw to cancer, good grief, how awful is that.  Not sure I want to see that.
user1: However, it's a 4.5 star movie (out of 5) on imdb.]
user2: That's not a good way to go. But still seems interesting to watch. I mean if it covers more of his early life and not just his final years.
user1: Well, it's Scorsese and that rating is excellent.  I'
user1: I'm sure it's uplifting and worth seeing.

conversation:
user2: Hey!
user1: Hey how are you doing today?
user2: Have you seen the Wolf of Wallstreet?
user2: Im doing well, thanks for asking!
user1: Real good and I have not yet, whats it about?
user2: It starts Leonardo Dicaprio and is directed by the famous Martin Scorsese
user1: I love Scorsese films so this is sounding good, I was actually looking for a movie to watch later
user2: It is about a man named Jordan Beffort and his time in NY as a stockbrocker
user1: Ooo I think I've seen a bit about it, it's a bit of a comedy too right?
user2: It is a comedy but it is quite long so you'll be in for a treat! It has great reviews especially for Dicaprio's amazing perfromance
user2: Yes it falls under the black comedy genre
user2: It also stars Jonah Hill and Margot Robbie
user1: That sounds pretty amazing, lots of star power in that one.
user1: Any good ratings?
user2: Not as good as I initially thought. Its rated 78% on rotten tomatoes and 75/100 on metacritic
user2: Can i tell you about a key scene?
user1: Yes of course I'd like that
user1: 7 isn't awful though
user2: An important scene where we learn about his persona is when he loses his job following Black Monday and takes a job that deals with penny stocks. This is where we see how aggressive his pitching style is and he prettu much makes a small fortune.
user1: He must go hard trying to make that fortune, probably gets to his head.
user2: From here is where he makes most of his "big" connectons and meets his wealthiest clients
user1: Probably his most corrupt ones
user2: Oh yeah, this leads him to his drug use which we see takes a toll on his job and family
user1: Typical for those banker types, sounds like my kind of movie though, lil bit of comedy and action in one
user2: Once the FBI starts an investigation on him he makes 22 million illegally in 3 hours and smuggles all the money to switzerland
user2: The FBI manage to recruit him to gather info for leniency for his crimes
user1: And he gives up all his big bosses?
user2: He ends up only serving 3 years in prison and now does conferences 
user2: yepp, he agrees to work with the FBI but for his own interest of course
user2: He was one of the big bosses, so he kind of had no choice
user2: He got  a great deal at the end
user1: That isn't bad at all, is there any other cool scenes you can talk about?
user2: The most memorable scenes I quickly talked about
user2: But i greatly recommend you check it out
user2: Do you like comedy movies?
user1: I love em
user1: especially step brothers

conversation:
user1: Hello
user1: How are you today?
user2: hey whats up
user1: Not much, I hear you have a movie suggestion.
user2: yesss wolf of wall street
user2: have you seen it
user1: No I have not.
user1: What is it about?
user2: it's about a wall street broker who makes a lot money and has a drug problem :D
user1: When is it set, in the modern era?
user2: yea 80s and 90s
user1: I think I have heard of it, but never saw it yet. 
user2: you should check it out
user1: Who are the major actors/actresses in the movie?
user2: leo dicaprio
user2: jonah hill
user1: I love Leonardo DiCaprio as an actor, he is great.
user2: yea he's quite good :D
user1: I hate jonah hill  though, annoying actor that is not funny despite his efforts.
user2: he's good in this one
user1: Maybe I will have to watch it sometime to find out.
user1: Who directs the movie?
user2: its very...graphic
user2: scorcese
user2: scorsese'
user1: Ahh, that would be why it's graphic
user2: yea lots of...bad words :D
user1: I hate how movies have devolved in terms of grammar and language usage. There are so many smart and intelligent remarks for modern movies that don't have to rely on swearing and random vulgar language to pull of a "Trendy" R movie
user1: *off
user2: I think this movie has the record for the most "fucks" in a film
user1: Geez, I may have to pass on this movie then. Have a good day.

conversation:
user1: Hello!  What movie do you want to talk about?
user2: The Wold of Wall Street is the one I got
user1: I've been interested in the Wolf of Wall Street for a while.  What kind of movie is it?
user2: It's a comedy about the life of Jordan Belfort
user1: Comedies are pretty good.  What did Jordan Belfort do?
user2: He was a stockbroker in New York city and basically became a millionaire by selling penny stocks
user1: That sounds pretty interesting for a comedy.  Is the movie getting good reviews?
user2: It's got rotten tomatoes score of 78% and metacritic score of 75/100 but I would definitely recommend it 
user1: Those are some solid scores.  Do you know who directed it?
user2: Martin Scorsese did
user1: I know he's directed some pretty good stuff in the past.  Have you seen the Wolf of Wall Street?
user2: Yes i have
user1: Was it popular when it came out?
user2: Oh yeah! My friends and I all went to watch it
user1: That's awesome haha.  Do you know who all acted in it?
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio, Jonah Hill, Margot Robbie...
user1: That's a pretty star-studded list.  I know that DiCaprio's been in a lot of good movies.  Do you know if the Wolf of Wall Street win any awards or anything like that?
user2: I think DiCaprio won the golden globe award for best actor
user1: It's not an Oscar, but at least it counts!  Is the Wolf of Wall Street more of an adult movie, or is it a family sort of thing?
user2: Definitely an adult movie
user1: I kinda figured that with the subject matter.  Is it a longer movie?
user2: yeah about 3 hours
user1: Wow; that's pretty long.  Does it just go through how Jordan Belfort got rich off of selling penny stocks?
user2: It also deals with his personal life and how he got married and ended up in jail later on
user1: I can see why it would end up being 3 hours then.  Do you know why he ended up in jail towards the end?
user2: He was convicted for fraud
user1: That seems like it could make for a fun movie, then.  Is DiCaprio the one playing Jordan Belfort?
user2: Yeah, he is
user1: Okay then; I'll have to check it out.  Thanks for telling me about it!

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hello back! Rainy day here...good day for a movie! I really like Leonardo DiCaprio's movies...you?
user2: I love Leonardo DiCaprio's movies! What is this movie about?
user1: I just saw "Wolf of Wall Street"...so good!  Jonah Hill's in it, too.  He's such a diverse actor! 
user2: I have never seen that one. I really like the movie inception. I thought the concept was amazing. 
user1: At first you don't want to like any of the characters...pretty dull...but then you realize why they're so dull and makes you even more intriqued by them.
user2: Wow. What genre is this movie?
user1: It's a Black Comedy...Rob Reiner's in it, too, so there's that!  
user1: It got pretty good scores on Rotten Tomatoes.
user2: Wait so does it have Leonardo dicaprio in it as well> It sounds funny. I really like comedies
user1: Yep, Leo...Margot Robbie, too.  Know her?  
user2: Yes! I loved her in I Tonya! Wow it sounds interesting. What is the storyline about?
user1: It's a memoir...a stockbrokers perspective on his career ono Wall Street, and the fraud and corruption he sees. 
user2: ooo so the movie is the wolf of wallstreet. I really do need to watch this. I think I can check it out from my local library
user1: Not sure what it's rated...it's got some drug and salicious behavior in it, just so you know.
user2: I see. Yea I'm not too into those types of movies but if it's just a little then it's ok. I don't mind
user1: Pretty interesting to see what really happens in the world of investing...and how careful you have to be with the scammers out there!
user2: I agree. I like investing and finances. I actually wanted to be a financial adviser at one point
user1: Sounds like in this movie, money truely is the root of all evil.  Drugs, divorce, money laundering, FBI investigations.
user1: Martin Scorsese directed it, so you know it's got to be good!
user2: Wow what else did Martin Scorsese direct? Has it won any awards?
user1: Gosh..I'm not sure.  Kyle Chandler's in it, too, so that makes it a winner with me!
user2: It sounds like it's a star studded cast. I can't imagine it not being good.
user1: Leo's character makes $22 million (illegally) in three hours....whoa!  
user2: haha I wish I could do that (legally haha) What would you do with $22 million
user1: Arrange a private screening with Leo of his latest movie!  : )   I don't want to spoil the ending of the movie, but it's pretty tense at the end when he tries to get out of trouble!
user2: He's a great actor. I wonder if it's like all this other movies and he ends up with the worse end of the stick :(
user1: well....let's just say he's not a trader anymore!
user2: Always a sad story for Leo. Well I will see if my local library has this to check out.

conversation:
user2: Hey!
user2: you were going to tell me about a movie
user1: Hello there, great to meet you.  Im here today to tell you about the movie The Wolf of Wall street.  Have you seen it?  the one iwht Leonardo DiCaprio and jonah Hill?
user2: Not at all, but the title sounds familiar
user2: When was the movie released?
user1: 2013,  its the american black comedy directed by martin scorsese and writen by terenca winter
user2: I see, what was the movie cast like?
user1: it was based on the memoir of Joredan Belfort and recounts his career as a strockbrocker in New York
user1: They had a great cast, of course dicaprio and hill but aslo Margot Robbie who is gorgeous and Kyle Chandler and Rob Reiner.
user2: Hmm
user2: what reviews or ratings did the movie get across the several rating platforms?
user1: It got overall good rating and good critic responses.  one even called it epic in size!
user1: it averaged about a 7.8 across all
user2: then it must be a great movie
user2: can you just give a few details more, like whether there are action scenes you know.......
user1: its just fascinated to watch what the late 80's where like in New York.  Htere is one scene wehre belfort procures a job as a sockbrocker and Mark Hanna, entices him with sex and drugs and teaches him that his only job is to make money for himself.  just to see the mentallity of the time is interesting.
user2: or maybe what happened to belfort since it is more like his records
user1: its definetly not an action packed movie.  its follows his life of getting a job as a broker and then finding his job terminated due to black monday and so he gets a job a a biler room brokerage form doing penny stockes
user1: this explodes and he starts his own firm and makes a small fortune. 
user2: and I guess he rose to the top or ??
user2: small fortune, from brokering? or drugs
user1: oh he did, gets the big house, the fancy car, the trophy wife.  and even trains others on what he calls the "Hard Sell"
user1: brokering. 
user1: he used the small small fortune to buy drugs though. 
user2: does the movie not have critics?
user1: it does.  
user1: some claim it to be narrow in scope and that some of the characters are dull.
user2: I see,
user1: one critic does claim it to be an irresponsible glorification rather than a satirical takedown.  If you take movies to seriously then i guess i could see this. 
user2: but do you agree with that?
user2: the characters being dull?
user1: No, because i see it for what it is.  a cinematic interpretation of a mans life.  i dont think its intent is to glorify cheating others out of millions and obtaining wealth illegaly. 
user1: oh that part. 
user1: still no, I thought the characters where very believable and interesting. 
user2: Apart from Leonardo, do we have any other household name in the movie?
user1: Jonah Hill
user1: and now Margot Robbie is pretty well known. 
user1: especially after playing harlequin in Suicide Squad. 
user2: an would you really recommend the movie to a buddy like me?
user1: Mathew Mcconaughey is in it too
user2: *and
user1: sure, its worth a watch. just be aware there are vulgar parts and adult themes.   dont take your kids
user2: I see it has a good cast already 
user2: no problem dude, thanks for the heads up
user2: catch you later
user1: sure thing
user1: c ya later. 

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: have you seen the wold of wall street
user2: Hello
user1: I have. Solid movie.
user1: Girlfriend didn't appreciate it, but I enjoyed it.
user2: I agree. What would you rate it 1-10?
user2: did she find the jokes offensive?
user1: Probably like an 8. Yeah not her type of humor I guess.
user2: Do you think the movie is suitable for kids under 14?
user1: I guess that depends on your parenting style. If I was a parent, I guess I'd probably say no? But nothing wouldn't been new to me at 14. Not really sure. Interesting question. What do you think?
user1: would've been*
user2: I would not let children watch this movie
user2: it also depends on maturity
user1: Yeah, I guess I'd probably agree. I would've had to watch it at a friend
user1: 's house back then.
user2: do you think Leonardo DiCaprio did a good job as Jordan Bellfort
user1: Yeah I tend to like his work. I think Jonah Hill as whoever he played was great too. McConaughey as well, even though I think his part was short if I remember.
user2: i agree, Leo did an awesome job. Jonah was my favorite actor on this cast, i feel he could have done better.
user1: Margot Robbie was good too. I feel like this movie just came out, but it's probably been 4 years or something.
user2: yeah the movie came out in 2013
user1: I don't remember any other big names that were in it. Who else starred? Didn't he have a group that he ran the whole scam with?
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio as Jordan BelfortJonah Hill as Donnie Azoff Margot Robbie as Naomi Lapaglia● Kyle Chandler as Patrick Denham● Rob Reiner as Max Belfort
user1: Kyle Chandler rings a bell, but I can't place him. I'm not great at actors names. Where would you put it on a 1-10?
user2: Do you think this movie acuratly potrays stockbrokers in this time frame?
user2: Im not the best with names either.
user2: I would rate it a 7-8
user1: For all I know, it accurately portrays them now haha. I don't do much trading, so I don't interact with brokers at all. Brokers and hedge fund guys are typically portrayed that way, but I'm sure a lot of them are just doing their jobs.
user2: yeah i think alot of the scenes were a little far-fetched
user1: Probably. Over the top for Hollywood I guess. To be fair though, I think the guy in real life did do some prison time. Not sure if I have this right, but I think his buddy, played by Jonah, got involved in some sketchy enterprises in FL after he got out too.

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: hello
user1: i just saw a great movie
user1: it is called the wolf of wall street
user2: Oh I loved that movie
user2: Decaprio was great
user1: yes he was - i dont understand but cinema score rated it a C
user1: i would surely rate it an A
user2: I am not sure why they would. Must have not liked the story line?
user2: I think it was great because it really showed how things were
user1: yes, i guess it being a black comedy - whatever that means
user1: maybe it means that it was a comedy but it was a bit dark because of the drugs and storyline
user2: I am not sure how people knew how to take it
user2: I think some took it as a documentary, others as a societal commentary
user1: yes - i was in the mortgage business in the early 2000s so i really understood the boiler room brokerage idea because that is how the place i worked at was ran so i saw it having a true place in history
user2: I am sure the drugs and storyline didnt help
user2: Its interesting to hear it was really like that
user1: they did penny stocks - we did subprime mortgage refinancing... still the agressive pitch style
user2: Scary actually that it was allowed to florish
user2: And yet we have telemarketers now. I guess we will always have this type of stuff. Just in a new form.
user1: yes in the movie it protratys the life of sex and drugs and i remember our bosses would rent out whole bars and just have an area of the bar stocked with free drinks 
user2: I guess thats how they were able to justify it. Also, it feeds the beast. People want more of that lifestyle so they will do whatever it takes to get it
user1: it was not pump and dump like the movie but it was high profit wrapped into a loan and led to the housing crisis... i now work for a bank and teach good finances haha
user1: yes people always want more - it plays on psychology and it happens alot 
user1: the movie does go to extremes with the swiss bank accounts and such - but with the panama papers coming out, i think thats not as rare either '
user2: Hey at least you learned your lessons
user2: I was lucky I was never wrapped up in any of that stuff. 
user1: yes i got out when i was refiing a friend and they wanted me to do a huge fee because they would never know and we got in a fight over why i was doing the job and i wouldnt screw a friend just because he trusted me .. but back to the movie it was good to see that they did get caught 
user1: there is surely a use for sales techniques if used for good 
user2: eventually they had to slip up
user2: I really liked how the movie highlighted that part and showed how negative and toxic the entire system was
user1: yes i think the best part of the movie is the fact that you can see that too 

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: Hello
user1: what was the name of the movie?
user2: The Wolf of Wall Street 
user1: what was it about?
user2: Based on the description it seems like it would be pretty good.
user1: who stars in it?
user2: It's based on a book written by Jordan Belfort about a stock firm he used to run that bilked people out of money.
user2: DiCaprio is the title character, Jonah Hill, Margo Robbie plays his wife.
user1: i think i've heard of it. didn't martin scorcese direct it?
user2: McConaughey (I think that's spell right.) is in it too.
user2: Yes
user1: yeah matthew mccaughey did that weird chest thumping thing.
user2: It didn't score amazingly with the critics, but I think it would be pretty good.
user2: Yeah.. I don't know if that was scripted or not, but it was pretty weird.
user1: i heard it was something he did before they were filming. 
user1: they added it after they saw him do it behind the scenes 
user2: The guy is like Ryan Reynolds.  Anything he does pretty much turns to gold.
user1: this is true. since he was on true detective everything he has done has been great. 
user1: except the dark tower
user2: I never saw that.
user1: i am a big fan of the books. the movie was pretty bad. 
user2: I'm not exactly sure what I'm supposed to do here.  I'm supposed to use what appears to amount to a Wikipedia or IMDB article about this movie to convince you to watch it when the entire movie is laid out in front of me.
user1: yeah this is pretty strange. i've seen wolf of wall street. i'm supposed to act as if i haven't. 
user2: Short synopsis:  Belfort is married, makes friends with his neighbor, cheats on his wife, gets fired, finds hookers and blow, enjoys hookers and blow, gets married again, makes small fortune, FBI finds him, gets arrested, end of movie...
user1: yeah it's really good. at points it's hard to believe it really happened. 
user2: I thought it was a great movie, but based on this article I wouldn't recommend it if this was all I knew about it.
user2: There was a guy years back that sold the Brooklyn bridge every week for 30 years... I believe anything now.
user1: when it's reduced to it's bare bones it sounds like it would be a sad movie when really it's not. 
user2: There are parts where you feel bad for him, but all in all its hilarious.
user1: the lemons part is comedy gold. 
user2: I don't remember that part.

conversation:
user1: What is the name of the movie?
user2: It's the Wolf of Wall Street. 
user1: Is this movie family friendly?
user2: It's not. It's a black/dark comedy meant for a more mature audience. 
user1: Was it given good reviews by critics?
user2: It was fairly well-received. It got a 78% on Rotten Tomatoes and was called "epic in size" 
user1: what is the total runtime of this movie?
user2: I'm not sure about that, but did you know it stars Leonardo DiCaprio as well as Jonah Hill, and Margot Robbie? Matthew McConaughey is also in the film. 
user1: I dont like watching dark comedies, is there any reason I might like this movie anyway?
user2: Do you like movies based on true stories? 
user1: Yes
user2: This one is based on the memoirs of Jordan Belfort, a former NYC stockbroker. 

conversation:
user1: Hey, do you feel like talking about The Wolf of Wall Street?
user2: Yeah, I feel like talking about the movie. Let's do this!
user1: I really liked Leo's character in this one, something about him really appealed to me. What about you?
user2: I am obsessed with Margot Robbie. Given her circumstances, she continues to play a major role as the wife and she keeps her head high under any situations. Tell me you have seen that too?
user2: There is also something about Patrick Denham that is credible. As an FBI agent, he is really determined to make his job his business. For instance, he brings the bad guys down which is an awesome thing given the role. 
user1: I completely agree with you about Margot Robbie. She's a scene stealer in every movie she's in, and this one is no exception. And Denham has that pull too as the law and order guy.
user2: That's right. What else fascinates you about the movie?
user1: Rob Reiner showing up was a surprise to me, so that was neat as well. I don't remember him being publicized as having a part in this.
user2: You should be prepared for surprises. Right? 
user1: I wasn't really sure what to think about this movie before going in. It seemed so narrow in scope, but it really was a big story.
user2: What I love about the movie, in general, is the fact that it is a comedy. You can't stop laughing. 
user2: Yeah, it was a big story. It has just be narrowed down for purposes well known by the producers.
user1: But each laugh had such a bitter edge to it. It was funny but made me think twice about the butt of each joke.
user2: Funny. The sad thing is most of the characters they are not as charming as we would have loved to have instead they are dull but still manages to keep our spirits high. 
user1: I felt that they didn't need to be charming though. They felt like real people to me. Maybe not anyone I know, but I could imagine them being people I passed on the street.
user2: Yeah, I get the feeling but maybe there is just more I expected from it. You know. 
user2: What general aspects that made you watch it?
user1: I get that, and I guess after I get over this initial glow of having just watched the movie, I'll find more to fault in it. 
user1: Honestly I only watched it because it's on tv.
user2: Really? That is way too honest.
user1: I missed it when it came out in 2013, but remembered hearing about it, so when I saw it was just starting... Hey, why not?
user2: No, it is not a problem. The name of the movie attracted me to watch it. 
user1: Going back to the unexpected aspects of this movie, the whole Switzerland bank thing can be such a cliche, but I wasn't expecting it in this movie.
user1: The whole twist with the British friends did add something to it though.
user2: Which made it beautiful.
user2: Though the scene is not a one time thing. Like there is this part of two years later where the FBI arrested Jordan
user2: Do you remember that part?
user1: Also, I kind of thought it would be just about Wall Street traders, but with Margot Robbie in it, it really pulls at the heartstrings when he does get arrested and tries to run off with their daughter.
user1: It's one of those things where you kind of hate him for turning informer, but would you or I have done it any differently? I'm not sure I can tell.
user2: That was a sad thing especially putting an innocent baby in all that confusion at that age. Though somehow I felt that evidence was not worth arresting Jordan. Others look like they were forged just to put a blame on someone. 
user2: I would have done the same thing given the same position. Besides that is what he was being paid for.
user1: Yeah, but at least he went on to putting those skills to a good use after he got out.
user2: When Jordan is forced to wear a wire, he made a smart move by writing the note to Donnie warning him so they can watch their back with the situation
user1: I don't know how smart it was, given that he got caught doing it.
user1: But you can't deny the humanity in trying.
user2: Though the system is favourable. It was fascinating for the reduction of the sentence meant for Jordan. Can you imagine the life he would have gone through?
user2: But he was doing it to save someone from more trouble. Really.
user1: No no, I get why he did it, and it obviously worked out. But wow what a risk!
user2: But his release was something awesome and him trying to make friends with the neighbour Donnie Azoff. Somehow he felt lonely making him find friends. 
user1: Honestly, I would have tried to tip him off too if Jonah Hill was my friend, lol.
user2: Ooooh really? Probably he doesn't deserve that. 
user1: Ha! Anyway, It's been good talking to you. but I've got places to be.
user1: Does this end automatically, or do we hit the "Finish Conversation" button?
user2: Oooh yeah, that is awesome. Who is submitting it? Are we done yet?
user2: Yeah, I see it though. Should I finish the conversation?
user1: I'm pretty sure we are, I guess I'll just hit the button. Cheers.
user2: Okay bye

conversation:
user1: Are you there?
user2: yes i am
user2: wolf of wall street is amazing
user1: Yeah, I love this movie. 
user1: It has it flaws, and I think it drags on a bit at the end, but overall it was great.
user2: so do i. i have seen it well over 100 times. I know it by heart. Its like a modern Scarface
user1: Yeah we used to quote the opening part at work all the time, in fairness we probably enjoyed it because we were on our own cocktail of substances
user2: the fact that is closely based on his life is why in so intriguing.
user2: we always quoted the lions tigers and brear lines
user2: aaahhh lol i see
user1: The fact that he lived the life he lived and did so little time in jail is pretty infuriating too.
user2: yeah. he was in celebrity jail or well he was. That jail pampers people
user2: he was a smart mother fucker though, you have to give him that
user1: Yeah, I've been to real people jail, it's not that fun. Oh he was brilliant
user2: I loved jonah hills character and margot robbie...she did the long island  perfectly (im from there)
user1: Yeah one of my best friends is from up there and she nailed it. 
user1: Not sure what else we have to do here
user2: I believe martin scorsese did an amazing job with how the story was written and how it was filmed
user2: haha i feel you there. i have had many nights like that. hell im smoking now.
user2: i dont know what to do either
user1: I think more just loaded maybe I"m wrong
user2: how
user1: If we're supposed to discuss the paragraph that just loaded the first scene of him on the phone is awesome.
user1: Mine just automatically refreshed up top I now have a no. 1 and no. 2 under key scenes
user2: hrm
user1: Fucking Benihanas
user2: i love the sceen when he is at the country club with the qualudes.
user1: Yeah the first time I saw that I'm like there's no way he's actually driving that well.
user2: oh for sure
user1: Hey the third one loaded we're almost done
user2: damn how do we finish the combo
user1: Now we click finish convo at the bottom
user2: way ty

conversation:
user1: hello, have you seen wolf of wall street?
user2: No I have not seen it. Have you?
user1: Yes, it's a great movie that came out in 2013! It has leonadro de caprio in it
user2: I do not think that as the critics say though that the characters are dull people to start with, made duller by their delusions. They have to be brave to did what they did in corruption.
user1: Yeah it was definitely corrupt
user1: in the end, the FBI gets involved
user1: They all get in trouble I think
user2: Yes most times they do not get away stuff. Leonardo DiCaprio makes every movie interesting.
user1: Jonah Hill is also in it
user1: it's funny as hell
user2: I would think it is a serious movie with the corruption.
user1: It had great reviews
user1: 75/100 on meracritic
user1: and 7.8
user2: I see now it says it is a black comedy. It is dark comic material.
user1: Do you like the actors?
user2: Just maybe Leonardo DiCaprio. The director Martin Scorsese is a good director.
user1: Really? I haven't heard of him
user1: it was such a good movie though, I definitely would agree
user2: He is the director of this movie.
user1: I wonder why they call it "black comedy"?
user1: Was this based on a book or memoir?
user2: I think that is when something is comical but it's based on immoral things.
user1: oh I se
user1: yeah it was definitely not a PG movie
user1: I think it was R or wasn't rated
user1: it had lots of drugs, prostitution and violence
user2: I see that. I wouldn't want to see it.
user1: Yeah, it's a hard movie if you don't like that stuff
user1: It's about the stock market and wall street
user1: are you familiar?
user2: No.
user1: I know about it slightly because my cousin works at JP MorganReminds me of the movie
user1: I also like the father Tob Reiner
user1: Rob Reiner*
user2: Yes I recognize his name. He is ok.
user1: Yeah, well some good actors in the film overall
user1: I remember in the movie, they starting selling the IPO for steve madden
user2: In typical fashion Jordan gets less time for testimony.
user1: hahah exactly
user1: he was always screwing people and getting screwed
user1: He ends up divorced at the end
user1: terrible
user1: but he did cheat on his wife
user2: Which does not seem right to not get a decent sentnece.
user1: so kinda karma
user1: I know but money talks
user1: he probably paid someone off
user2: I guess they look at the quantity of bad guys caught than people getting what they want.

conversation:
user1: Hello 
user2: Hey there
user1: Have you seen this movie before ?
user2: I haven't, but I'm interested now. Have you?
user1: Yes i have seen this movie , its actually one of my favorite movies 
user2: What's the name of this movie you're talking about?
user1: Wolf of wallstreet
user2: What can you tell me about the movie without giving too much away?
user1: The main star in the movie is leonardo dicaprio , its a comedy yet thrilling movie that will keep you laughing 
user2: Is it more funny or more dramatic?
user1: he does stock's in the movie and makes a very good living doing stocks , its more funny 
user1: some drama
user2: Is it good? Did you like it?
user1: its my favorite movie to be honest .. you need to see it ! 
user2: Wow, that's quite a statement! Is it similar to any other movies you've ever seen?
user1: its similar to the movie blow 
user2: Interesting. What kind of stocks does he trade, or what exactly makes him the "wolf of wall street?"
user1: rotten tomatoes rated 7.8 out of 10 thats pretty good
user2: Pretty good!
user2: What else can you tell me about Leo Dicaprio's character?
user1: he trades really crappy stocks and tricks people to thinking that the stock will climb the ladder when in reality the stock is garbage hes basically scamming rich people 
user1: his character is very funny , hes a drug addict in the movie with lots of energy 
user2: Ah, so he's basically running a scam? Does anything come of it? Does he go to jail or get caught?
user1: I dont wanna ruin the movie for you but he does get in some trouble in the movie , police do get involved 
user2: Thanks for that! I just want to know as much as I can without ruining it. Any other interesting characters?
user1: Jonah hill is in the movie ! hes basically leo's best friend in the movie and helps with the scams
user2: Oh, that's cool, he's a funny dude. Is this a true story or is it made up?
user1: Its a made up comedy !
user2: Very cool! Do you know if it won any awards?

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hi
user1: Have you seen The Wolf of Wall Streer?}
user2: of course I have, great movie
user2: have you?
user1: It is! I have seen it too and I love it.
user2: it is somehow weird that its genre is black comedy
user2: I did not know that
user1: I did not know that either, 
user1: thats an interesting fact though
user1: I love the role of DiCaprio
user2: I love him in his every movie
user2: he was also the producer of this movie though
user1: He is a great actor, I didnt know he was the procucer as well
user2: I learnt "penny stocks" by the help of this movie
user2: people can easily be manipulated by those
user1: Yeah I imagine the movie required a lot of preparation before acting it, so what was your favorite scene?
user2: I like the progress of the movie, from being a small broker, developing into a mad man
user1: Yeah, it is great to see that change.
user1: and what about the ratings the movie received?
user2: I remembered the scene "sell this pen to me"
user2: do you remember that scene
user1: Yeah I do, that scene was pretty good, 
user2: the movie is a little bit underrated in rotten and metacritic but overall, all the people like the movie I guess
user2: also the yacht scene with the FBI agents
user1: I expected better ratings actually, a 75/100 and C seem to be a little low
user2: I do not trust ratings of rotten anyway
user2: they are critics
user2: i like IMDB ratings, the people's ratings
user1: I loved the scene when Jordan receives a reduced sentece for helping the FBI
user2: actually I did not like the ending
user1: What would you change about it?
user2: he lived as a legend
user2: they should not have made him a small rat
user2: overall, I love the movie though
user2: I was surprised Leo did not win the academy awards by this movie
user2: he was nominated
user1: Yeah me too, I thought he deserved it, 
user2: nice talking to you
user1: he really sold his role in the movie.
user2: have fun, see you later
user1: Yoo too thanks
user1: bye

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hello
user2: So have you seen the film we're talking about today?
user1: Yes. Do you usually like to watch black comedy movies?
user2: Sometimes. I don't think I have a particular style of film that I watch, but I usually like to go for films that have been critically acclaimed or recommended to me, just to see if I like them too. How about you? Do you like them?
user1: I'm usually a fan. Especially when it has a good director and a talented cast. Did you like Leo's performance? 
user2: Oh yes, he's good in just about everything he does though, I think. And he seems to work really well with Martin Scorcese! What did you think about Margot Robbie's performance?
user1: I thought she did a good job, but I found that her characterization was a little dull. I thought that even though there was an all star cast, the people were a little dull.
user2: I don't know if I had the same problem with characterization, but I think in a lot of ways the film made me feel uncomfortable. I think it was the depiction of Wall Street, with all its excesses. None of the characters were really sympathetic people, so it was hard for me to get emotionally attached or root for anyone. Did you think it deserved the attention it got from critics?
user1: I think that people's responses are really colored by their own personal experiences. Both critics and people seemed to like it. But some people really hated it. Personally, I liked it, though I found it hedonistic. 
user2: What was it that you liked about the film?
user1: Well I liked how well they showed Jordan's descent into the culture of wall street. How he seduced by the lifestyle when he first gets a job, and then how he descends into this moral abyss after he gets fired 
user2: How do you feel about the movie knowing it was based on a true story? Did that impact how you viewed the film or the characters?
user1: It made me feel weird. The small fortune Jordan makes is really enticing, but all the people who he is surround with are so terrible and dull.
user2: Did you feel that Jordan was also a terrible and dull person naturally, or that he was more influenced by the people around him?
user1: I felt that it was inside him, but that he was influenced by his first experiences on wall street
user2: What did you think about his relationships with his wives in the film?
user1: I thought it was interesting how he abandoned his wife for another woman.
user2: Interesting in what way?
user1: It really shows how he changes as a person.
user2: How about his relationship with his second wife?
user1: I thought he was using her
user2: Do you think she was using him too?
user1: I think it's unclear
user1: I think maybe she likes his money, but she does leave him because of his lifestyle
user2: Do you think maybe her priorities changed when they had children?
user1: I think once they had children maybe his lifestyle became more of a problem
user1: That might be a key factor. Jordan seems like he is just not growing up.
user2: What did you think about the scene with his daughter where he crashes the car? Did you find that hard to watch? 
user1: Yeah I just found myself initially allured with the money he makes, but that moment really solidified that his lifestyle was destroying him and those around him.
user2: What was it about the lifestyle and money that allured you?
user1: I thought that just his ability to well known. Being in forbes magazine, having the ability to kind of do what he wants was enticing.
user2: Did you sympathize with Jordan at all or relate to him in any way?
user1: I think I see how he got to where he was, but no I don't sympathize with him.

conversation:
user2: what do you think about the wolf of wall street
user1: I've never seen the movie before but from what I just read it seems like it's a really good movie. Have you seen it before?
user2: i have leanardo was great as jordan
user2: jonah hill made a hilarious donnie
user1: What else did Jordan Hill play in? The name sounds familiar.
user2: oh you mean jonah not sure but margo did well as jordans wife
user2: rob reiner was pretty good as well
user2: it got a 7.8 out of ten which isn't bad
user2: it was pretty epic in size
user1: Sorry, yes
user2: although critics called it a irresponsible glorification
user1: I"m interested now. I may have to watch tonight'
user2: you should it is a great satire
user1: 2013...it came out that long ago? I swear I just heard about it recently
user2: wow yeh apparently it was 2013 not sure why it is a black comedy
user1: So the main character ends up making it big off of the stock market?
user2: seems kinda light hearted
user1: Off of penny stocks too. Wow
user2: yeh he makes a lot of money
user1: Definitely light hearted lol
user2: i would say a small fortune
user2: he befriends his neighbor and the two found their own company
user1: $22 million in 3 hours?!I wish my neighbor was that cool
user2: jordan trains there friends in what he calls the hard sell which is a basic pump and dump sort of thing
user2: yeh but that made the fbi notice them
user1: Oh ok I got ya. This just keeps getting better and better
user1: I want to watch right now
user1: Yep that would trigger a red flag
user2: yeh same he even kinda uses them to smuggle money
user2: into switxerland
user2: he gets a divorce though sadly
user2: but it ends well because he does his time and still is able to make a living
user1: That is pretty sad after having all that money
user1: And he pretty much lost his kids smh
user2: yeh that really sucks
user2: and he ended up using his inlaws for the money smuggline
user1: OOh I just noticed this is based in the 80s
user1: Yeah it definitely had to suck
user2: yep he opened a swiss account in the 80s which drew some attention as well
user1: Hey, at least he got a reduced sentence I guess
user1: Too much attention
user2: his motto was a stock brokers job is to only make money for himself

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hello!
user2: The movie is about the past of a stockbrocker
user1: Is it the Wolf Of Wall Street?
user2: Named Jordan Belfort, a Wall Street stockbroker, who defraud the investors
user1: Have you seen this movie?
user2: with his rampant, corrupted techniqque
user2: yes it is Wolf of Wall street
user2: yes I have
user1: Do you like movies of this genre/type?
user2: well, basically the movie is mainly on his memoir
user2: that he has written
user2: Of course, it is black comedy, the genre of the movie
user2: leonardo DiCaprio has played the role of Jordan Belfort in this movie
user2: Directed by Martin Scorsese
user1: Because I enjoyed the whole movie. Especially the acting of jonah hill and leo Dicaprio.
user1: What are some of the key scenes you really liked?
user1: I loved to see those moments when Mark Hanna introduced him to the sex and drugs fueled life.
user2: You know how Jordan did learn all thse
user1: How?
user2: He first started in a brokerage firm called L.F. Rothschild as a stockbroker
user2: there he worked under supervision of Mark Hanna
user1: Yeah, now I remember.
user2: who was indulged in sex and drugs to get him going through the stress of the job
user2: it was him who taught Jordan that every stockbroker is only destined to make money for himself
user1: One important thing mention is also the performance of Margot Robbie as Belford's wife.
user1: I think she did an awesome job.
user1: Especially in the last part when she tells him that she's divorcing him and wants custody of their kids. Everything is destroyed for Jordan in that key point of the movie.
user2: You know what what happens next
user1: I know some parts yes.
user2: When Black Monday hits Wall Street
user2: he loses his job
user2: and goes working in a firm who specializes in penny stocks
user1: I know the ending, which was absolutely fantastic!
user2: from there his starts building his reputation
user1: Yes, I saw the movie, no need to write everything please.
user1: Do you agree with the rating of this film?
user2: later he recruits his friends and forms his own company. Which becomes very successful through pump and dump schemes
user2: It is pretty high, sure
user1: Does rating matter do you in general when watching movies?
user2: The SEC and FBI start investigating him for fraud suspicion 
user1: Because it does for me, I try to do some research before watching a movie.
user2: as a result he tries to smuggle his money his Switzerland through bank account opened on his wife's aunt's name
user2: ratings always effect of course
user1: Also, the critical response of The Wolf of Wall Street was pretty mixed.
user1: What were some of the scenes you didn't like?
user2: well mainly the sex and drugs
user2: they were truly overrated
user2: well karma eventually got him
user1: I can understand, but it's part of that stockbrocker life.
user2: at the end he was arrested and testified
user1: All right then, I think we are done, thank you, goodbye!
user2: well, with that you cannot go further than this
user2: his whole company was shut down when raided by FBI
user2: whole enterprise collapsed
user1: Hello, stop copying, we are done I think.
user2: ok bye

conversation:
user1: Greetings.
user1: Is there anyone there?
user2: Im here
user2: How are you?
user2: You there?
user1: I'm fine. I'll wait for you to read the document and then we can start.
user1: I'm ready when you are.
user1: *whistles the theme from Jeopardy*
user2: haha sorry im trying to understand the task
user1: Yeah, it's not very clear. I'm not sure if that's part of the test or not. :)
user2: wow soooo Have you seen the movie Wolf of Wall Street?
user1: I have!
user2: Nice . Its gotten a 78% on rotten tomatoes  and rated as average do you agree?
user1: Yeah, that's about right. It's not my favorite type of movie, but it was well done.
user2: I agree. Did you know it was classified under Black Comedy? 
user1: I did not. I would have said it was a documentary. :)
user2: same jonah hill was hilarious though
user1: Yes, he was.
user2: Honestly all of Leonardo movies are watchable.
user1: For the most part, yes. The Beach one didn't do much for me. I've been watching him since Gilbert Grape.
user2: Yeah. I felt the same . Time must be flying because the movie was created in 2013. Its already been five years since it releases
user1: Time is definitely flying. It was 1995 only a few years ago.
user1: You've made me want to watch Wolf of Wall Street again.
user2: Nice i feel like watching it too
user1: I think we need to do a few more questions.
user2: Did you like Margot Robbie as Naomo Lapaglia?
user1: I don't remember her, to be honest. I only know the name Margot Robbie from that awful Suicide Squad movie.
user1: Do you think "Wolf" was used to describe a positive or negative aspect of the main character? Is being a wolf good or bad?
user1: Perhaps, this is a test of patience.
user1: Or to see if users will start to talk to themselves.
user1: Well, for the curious - yes, yes I will start talking to myself.
user1: And then there's this mysterious SEND MESSAGE button.
user1: Yep, still here.
user2: I think that was 

conversation:
user2: Hi there! Looks like you've got the document. Do you have a movie recommendation for me?
user1: Yeah, I just saw the Wolf of Wall Street.
user2: Oh really? I've never seen it. Is it pretty good?
user1: I loved it. However, I used to work on Wall Street...so I'm interested in the subject.
user2: Oh I bet! Who directed it? Someone well known?
user1: Martin Scorsese!
user2: Oh wow then that is a big name. How about the actors?
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio is in it. Mathew McConaughey too. Big names. Relative newcomer Margo Robbie. She's hot.
user2: That does sound like a really well put together cast. Was it received well critically?
user1: Critics hated it. They thought it exploitative. Lots of sex. I mean a lot. Did I mention there is sex?
user2: No you didn't. I'm assuming it's rated R then.
user1: Yeah. It's based on a real story. Guy gets a job on Wall Street (in a firm, LF Rothchild) that one of my best friend's dad used to work at. He gets fired and starts a boiler-room in LI, where I grew up. 
user2: Oh then I bet this had a lot of things in common with your life. It's interesting though. Not a lot of films feature Wall Street as a big part of the story.
user1: Well, he's basically a penny-stock scam artist. Private life is all sex and drugs. Oddly, my friend's wife grew up next door to him!
user2: I see! So definitely not a movie to show to the whole family.
user1: It's the underbelly of Wall Street. I used to work at Solomon Bros. But frankly the regular belly aint so clean either. Steal a little and they put you in jail, steal a lot and they make you king.
user1: Not for the kids! Go see Despicable Me for that. Good date night flick tho. 3rd date. 
user2: That sounds like a good tagline for the film! And I'm sure that all this hard living turns out completely well and fine and doesn't wind up coming back to bite the main character at all.
user1: Ha. Well the SEC and FBI close in on him. His real name is Jordan Belfort if you want to google and find out how he is doing.
user2: Without looking I'm going to assume not well. It does sound like a Scorsese film though.
user1: Yeah. It has an epic feel, even though he's a relatively small-time hustler. I mean, he made a lot of money, but compared to the financial crises of 2007-08...
user2: I wonder if a big part of the film is that the world he thought revolved around him keeps spinning even when he starts to fall apart.
user1: That's very interesting. He actually looses his mind as the Feds close in. 
user2: I imagine. Scorsese does like to write and direct characters a little south of normal.
user1: Yes. I would like him to tackle the big league though, like Morgan Stanley. Maybe he has, I dunno. 
user2: Well, like I said Wall Street isn't the biggest movie setting. I think a lot of people are put off by the economics parts and really just want to see the slimy areas that the big rats call home.
user1: True. Also, it seems like you gotta be Italian American for Scorsese to want to make a film about you. Or at least from the Bronx.
user2: Well there are worse things to be known for. Michael Bay writes a one page script around the word 'explosion' and then makes a movie around that.

conversation:
user1: hello.
user2: hello have you seen wolf of wall street?
user1: No. But I heard about it.
user1: What can you tell me about it?
user1: What it is all about?
user2: its about a stockbroker engaged in rampant corruption and fraud
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio stars as Belfort
user1: OK.  I thought that Leonardo DiCaprio was in it.
user1: I am fallowing.
user1: Please, continue. 
user2: Jonah Hill stars as his business partner Donnie
user2: some critics claim that the film is an irresponsible glorification rather than a satrical takedown.
user1: OK. Was this movie based on true live story?
user2: yes the wolf of wall street is based on a true story in 1987
user1: Yes, I thought so. Thank you.
user1: What else can you tell me about it.
user2: Belfort finds his career terminated following black monday and takes a job at a brokerage firm selling penny stocks.
user1: The plot sounds interesting.Continue, please.
user2: thanks to his aggressive pitching style and the high commissions, Jordan makes a small fortune. 
user1: OK. Are there any female actresses who played in this movie?
user2: yes, Margot Robbie as Naomi
user1: I like that actress. She does her job well.
user2: Margot Robbie is one of the most famous actresses in the world right now
user1: Indeed.
user1: By the way do you know who produced this movie?
user2: i do not know who produced it. but Martin Scorsese directed it
user1: OK, thank you.
user1: Never heard of him.
user2: you have never heard of Martin Scorsese? he directed good fellas
user1: No, never watched that movie, but thank you for information.
user2: do you like movies of black comedy?
user1: Yes, I do.
user1: So what about the ratings for the movie? Was it any good?
user2: rotten tomatoes gives this movie a 78% and metacritic scores it at 75/100
user1: Not bad. Do you think it was well deserved?
user2: i think the movie deserves a better rating. more like 80%
user1: OK. I will go with your rating, thank you.
user1: Have a nice day.Thank you for chatting.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hey.
user2: The movie is the Wolf of Wall Street
user1: It sure is
user1: I didn't like the movie that much.
user2: I never saw it. 
user1: I only saw parts of it because they were glorifying an asshole.
user2: They weren't making fun of Leo's character?
user1: I don't want to watch some high paid hollywood actor screw people
user1: He basically screws everyone.
user1: It was pretty boring too.
user2: I thought from the previews that they were ridiculing wall street culture.
user1: They were, but satire imitates real life.
user2: And you didn't think they did a good job?
user1: no
user1: I thought it was boring.
user2: That's surprising because it got a pretty high rotten tomatoes score.
user2: though the critics aren't always right
user1: 78% on rotten tomatoes is high?
user2: I've liked movies that got lower
user1: well yeah
user1: I think people just liked the movie because they said fuck a lot.
user2: They probably did
user2: It seems very meme-able.
user1: Most uses of the word fuck in any movie ever.
user2: You can definitely over do it. 
user1: yeah
user2: I mean you don't need the swears for good comedy
user1: i mean, if it's well done
user1: but I felt this movie they were just exploitin
user2: disappointing to hear

conversation:
user1: Hello. Leonardo DiCaprio was in this one huh
user2: Yes, he was excellent
user1: Do you enjoy black comedies?
user2: Yes, I like this genre
user2: What was you favorite scene?
user1: I don't think I could pick a favorite scene 
user2: Do you agree with the rating?
user1: Hmm I'm not sure. The critical response seems negative.
user1: It's a tad hard to sympathize with a Wall Street stockbroker
user2: Yes, I agree
user1: I wonder what the name of the movie means
user1: I guess it has a deeper meaning
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio produces and acts. That must be a lot of work.
user2: He is extremely talented
user1: Yeah very talented and hard worker.
user2: I think that he is one of the best American actors
user1: He is definitely among the top actors
user1: Jonah Hill and Margot Robbie seem like good actors too
user1: Martin Scorsese is a good director
user2: Do you usually watch movies with a high rating?
user1: I don't usually look at ratings before I watch movies. Do you?
user2: I usually don't care about ratings
user1: Yeah they seem very subjective anyway.
user2: Martin Scorsese did a good job with this film
user1: Lot of financial crime in this movie. I wonder if Wall Street is really like this now.
user1: This sort of stuff sounds like stuff happening in cryptocurrency these days
user1: Do you like Martin Scorsese films?
user2: Yes, I like all his films
user2: I like the plot
user1: Do you have a favorite of the his films?
user2: Wall Street stockbrokers sound interesting
user2: I can't think of
user2: But this movie is excellent
user1: I guess they could be. They sound boring to me.
user2: Black Monday was a big event for them
user1: Yeah it seems to have been a turning point for Jordan
user2: Penny stocks and boiler room - crazy combination

conversation:
user2: Hi there. So I've heard you happen to know a great movie?
user1: Yes, The Wolf Of Wall Street it's very interesting
user2: Oh. I haven't heard about this one yet. Would you be so kind to tell me more?
user1: It's a black comedy based on Jordan Belfort's memior about working as a stock broker on wall street in NYC
user2: I see. Would you call it a great movie for business studies? 
user1: You do learn so interesting facts about the stock market and how wall street is run so on an entertainment basis it is very interesting and would be more appreciated if one were a business student
user2: Who is acting in this movie by the way?
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio, Margot Robbie, Jonah Hill, Kyle Chandler and Rob Reiner
user2: Leonardo! It's funny that I've never heard about this movie. Then it was published?
user1: It was released in 2013
user2: I see. So I assume movie theaters stop showing it ages ago?
user1: Yes, it hasn't been in theaters for a while but I am sure its easy to find with such a renowned cast
user2: Have you watched it in a movie theatre? 
user1: Yes, I actually did see this movies when it came out in theaters. I went as a girls night out and we all enjoyed it. I also have seen it numerous times since
user2: Is there a book based on this movie?
user1: It is based on the memoir written by the actual Jordan Belfort
user2: I see. Would you rather read a book, or watch a movie? Currently, I'm really into stocks (learning) wonder if I need to grab a notebook to highlight some thought from the movie. 
user1: I personally would always rather read the book because I feel you can get more detail and depth but I always always appreciate seeing the movies to give a different perceptive of what I have read. I think the movie will have more entertainment value than more than general knowledge but I do feel I understand a little more about the stock market by watching it 
user2: Would you say it's great for beginners who want to learn about the stock market or mediocre would find it interesting too?
user1: I think it would be great for anyone. Again more for entertainment value than informational purposed
user2: Sounds great. Does the movie have age limits?
user1: Due to language,  the depiction of drug use and sexual content I would not recommend for anyone not mature enough to handle that type of content
user2: How about taking my loved one on a date to see this movie? Would you recommend?
user1: It's definitely not a romantic movie but yes I have watched it with my partner many times so we both enjoyed it. If its a theme you think they would enjoy then absolutely
user2: Would you say that a movie is influential? 
user1: Umm, I think that would be a strong take on the movie. Maybe not as influential as it is entertaining
user2: Have you noticed any huge brands mentioned in the movie?
user1: Yes, dealing with stocks and companies you do have brands mentioned
user2: Have you reached out/ used any of those brands after a movie? 
user1: No I don't think it influenced my perception on what I buy
user2: I see. Well, thank you so much, I'd better go to find out this movie in video rent. It got me interested!

conversation:
user1: Hi! Let's talk about the Wolf of Wall Street. Are you familiar with the film?
user2: yes, I have seen it several times.
user1: Do you know the director and the cast?
user2: Yes, and I feel DiCaprio was a great decision to play the lead? Do you think so?
user1: I do. He was played Jordan Belfort well. The film was actually considered a black comedy.
user2: Yes, it was quite dark indeed.
user1: It received slightly above average scores on rotten tomatoes. 78%
user2: With Martin Scorsese directing what did u expect?
user1: True, this a somewhat typical Scorsese movie
user1: Did you know it was based on the actual memoir of Jordan Belfort?
user2: yes i did
user2: What was Your favorite scene?
user1: There were a few key scenes
user1: Like when DiCaprio was first introduced to the sex and drugs culture before he started his own firm
user2: I enjoyed when he first started working on penny stocks
user2: The new ideas and work was interesting
user1: Yes a small brokerage firm in Long Island specializing in penny stocks
user1: Where he learned how to pitch the "hard sell"
user2: hiring all his friends was a very funny scene 
user1: Yes Jonah Hill as Donnie was hilarious. The good times were some of the funniest in this move, but they certainly did not last
user2: no they did not after they caught the attention of the fbi 
user1: The pump and dump scams and insane lifestyle caught up with them
user2: all the money smuggling to europe was funny
user1: Can't forget about Margot Robbie in this one either Jordan's second wife
user2: She was a major hottie
user1: Yes and his downfall
user2: But his first wife was also a hottie and way better for him
user1: Yes his second wife's family was ultimately got him caught by the FBI
user1: was what*
user2: if he didn't try to help his friends and ratted them out he would have done a lot less time

conversation:
user1: Hello
user1: Who is the main character in your movie?
user2: leonardo dicaprio
user1: I love him!
user1: What movie is it?
user2: wolf of wall street
user1: He is such an amazing actor! He can really play any roll
user1: I have not seen it yet! What is it about/
user2: he plays a stock broker named jordan belfort
user1: What is the plot of the movie?
user1: WHat else happens?
user2: he had a brokerage firm and got caught by the fbi for massive corruption
user2: margot robbie plays his wife
user1: She is adorable!
user1: hmmm! Sounds like a pretty good movie
user1: Where does it take place?
user2: i would see it when there is no children around
user2: new yoek
user2: new york
user1: I figured, no, for sure it will be a date night movie
user1: Any other big celebs in it?
user2: jonah hill and rob reiner stars 
user1: wow! Is it funny ay all?
user1: both are really funny guys!
user2: it did not get very good ratings from critics
user1: maybe that is why i didn't watch it! I usually watch every Leo movie!! lol!!

conversation:
user1: Hi there!  I wanted to tell you about a movie called The Wolf of Wall Street!
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: I've heard of it. Was it a good movie?
user2: Yep, I've seen it.
user2: Did you like it?
user1: Oh yes.. I really do suggest you see it again. It gets into the debauchery of the Wall Street lol
user2: Unfortunately there's plenty of that going on
user2: Can you remind me who was in it?
user1: Critics have said the movie "wants us to be interested in characters who are dull people to start with, made duller by their delusions of being interesting because they are high"
user1: Leonardo DiCaprio, Jonah Hill, Margot Robbie
user2: ouch, that's not a very nice review
user2: I like DiCaprio and Jonah Hill
user1: I'm glad the critics feel the same way I do
user2: I thought you said you like the movie?
user2: That review sounds like they didn't like it
user1: It really does go to show what those in the stockbroker culture are truly interested in. Not the people they represent.
user2: Nope
user2: just money
user1: and themselves, of course
user2: Who directed it?
user1: Rob Reiner is in it too... it was directed by Scorsese
user2: Ah right
user2: Did you have a favorite scene?
user1: When they wre able to make Steve Madden considerable more money. I do like their shoes. haha
user2: haha
user1: I also like the scene where he was able to find a way to be successful through penny stocks
user2: The scene where they tape money to the lady was pretty crazy
user1: This is considered a Black Comedy
user2: Push push push, sell sell sell
user2: no kidding
user1: lol... or when he actually has to wear a wire, yet slips his friend a warning note
user2: yep
user1: Can you believe after serving only 3 years in minimum security prison, he was out hosting seminars on his technique?
user2: My office sure doesn't have office parties like those ones
user1: how would you get any work done? haha
user2: ridiculous 
user1: these are the people practically in charge of our world!
user2: scary
user2: ttyl

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi, what is the name of the movie?
user2: The Wolf of Wall Street
user1: Who are the main actors in The Wolf of Wall Street?
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio, Jonah Hill, Margot Robbie
user1: Thanks! What is the movie about?
user2: It recounts Belfort's perspective on his career as a stockbroker in New York City and how his firm StrattonOakmont engaged in rampant corruption and fraud on Wall Street that ultimately led to hisdownfall.
user1: Does it seem like an exciting movie to watch?
user2: Yes, it does seem very exciting.
user1: Who plays Belfort in the movie?
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio as Jordan Belfort
user1: What character is Margot Robbie playing in The Wolf of Wall Street?
user2: Margot Robbie plays Naomi Lapaglia (Belfort's wife)
user2: It is a dark comedy directed by Martin Scorsese
user1: Did she suffer in the movie as a result of Jordan Belfort's actions?
user1: Thank you for that information. Martin Scorsese is an excellent director.
user2: She does suffer greatly in the end, due to the actions of her husband.
user1: Can you tell what about the movie makes it a dark comedy? It almost sounds like a tragedy.
user2: He is a bad guy, does illegal things. This movie is more of a glorification of the intense and wild raise and fall of this character. A satire.
user2: Rise*
user1: Oh, okay. That makes sense. Do you think you would enjoy watching the movie?
user2: Absolutely! This sounds like a great movie exploiting the life of a conman. I like these types of movies. Plus the cast is fantastic.
user2: Matthew McConaughey,Rob Reiner, Jon Favreau, Joanna Lumley and Jean Dujardin also star.
user1: Oh, with that cast, it would be hard to pass up. Leonardo DeCaprio plays a conman quite well.
user2: Do you think you will enjoy this movie?
user1: So it sounds like a fast paced, very exciting film. What is the movie rating?
user1: Yes, I think I will. You've made me want to watch it.
user2: Rotten Tomatoes 78%
user2: Metacritic score 75/100
user2: CinemaScore: C
user1: That does put it in perspective.
user1: Though I don't always trust critic scores. Rotten Tomatoes is more accurate a gauge for me.
user2: A lot of intrigue and deception seem to be a theme in the movie.
user1: So it would keep you on the edge of your seat, waiting for the next twist.
user2: I usually go with Rotten Tomatoes myself, as well.
user2: Exactly!
user1: Well, I would say you've convinced me! I will have to watch The Wolf of Wall Street now.
user1: Thank you for describing it to me.
user2: Thank you for allowing me the time.

conversation:
user2: Hello! How are you?
user1: I am good! How are you?
user2: Fine thank you! Are you a fan of Leonardo DiCaprio?
user1: I love him! He is such a good actor!
user2: Have you seen him in the Wolf of Wall Street?
user1: Yes! I love that movie. Him and Jonah Hill are so funny in that movie. Did you like it?
user2: It’s funny, I didn’t like it at first but as I watched it again and thought about it more I fell in love with the film!
user1: Me too! I thought the story was so funny and DiCaprio was brilliant in his role. Are you familiar with the job of stockbrokers back then?
user2: No I wasn’t. It never interested me until the film portrayed it as some zany enterprise 
user1: Yes. That's true for me also. I cannot believe the lifestyle that he and his friends lived.
user2: I know!!! This was also the debut for Margot Robbie which was quite interesting!
user1: Yes! She is so beautiful. That scene when she comes out of the room naked was crazy.
user2: Lol! Without context the movie would be close to something more x rated lol
user1: Yes, that is very true. I love the beginning of the movie when Belfort secures a job as a stockbroker on Wall Street. His experiences in the beginning were crazy.
user2: He was an excellent speaker which DiCaprio did pretty well. I even loved Matthew McConaughey small yet huge part in the film
user1: Yes! That is the part that I am talking about. McConaughey was brilliant in that scene. It was great to see how aggressively Jordan tried selling his penny stocks to people as well.
user2: That chest beating scene is everything to me. I was surprised to see how well Jonah Hill performed considering he’s more in comedic films 
user1: Haha very true. Donnie Azoff was his name in the film. He was hilarious in the film. It was sad to see Jordan divorce his wife though!
user2: Yeah that was hard. Funny that during the fight between he and his first wife was in front of the Trump towers. I thought that was poignant for setting of the movie.
user1: Did they really? I actually do not remember that. I love the part where he flies to Switzerland for his money.
user2: Yeah I saw a review of the film recently and thought it was amazing. The scene where they tape money to make women?
user1: Yes! That was wild. If that really happened in real life, that is crazy. The corrupt banker out there in Europe was funny as well.
user2: Now do you think Bellfort exaggerated these crazy stunt considering he wrote the book?
user1: I think there was a bit of exaggeration in the movie
user2: Some of those parties were a bit cartoonish but with the way wall street can be I could believe it
user1: i agree with you. The fight with Naomi and Jordan was crazy as well. They had a very unhealthy relationship.
user1: I felt bad for their daughter Skylar.
user2: Definitely! She was definitely not the priority for the Wolf 
user1: True. When Donnie rats out Jordan because of the drugs, I felt really bad for Jordan.

conversation:
user2: Hey I just watched Wolf on Wall Street
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio is in it who is a great actor!
user1: hi
user2: Margot Robbie is also in it who I think is an up incoming actress, this part really helped her career I think
user1: i like leonardo as well but i think jonah hill role was quite boring 
user2: It is a kind of dark comedy movie which aren't usually my favorite but they did a really good job with it. 
user2: What made it boring to you?
user2: Becuase he was a business man? Which I guess is out of his normal casting roles. It was different for him
user1: he plays the same character every movie, i wonder if they act in real life of wall street like Leornado did 
user2: He tends to play the same kind of character, I agree
user1: jonah hill is never the main character he is always somebody else baggage. 
user1: But he is a good actor
user1: they consume a large amount of coke omg
user2: Yeah they really do. They made something I perceive as very boring (the business world) as a very chaotic and dramatic life. 
user1: and they made a lot of money but if that's thereal life of wall street i don't wanna be a part of it.
user2: A key scene was when Jordan (DiCaprio) just got his job on Wall Street for Rothschild. He very quickly got into drugs from the beginning with this job.
user1: i only watch the movie because of Leonardo, and i did not know about all those drugs jeezzz
user2: Then he was fired, worked on Long Island with penny stocks and was actually able to make a lot of money that way which I guess showed how persuasive and energetic he was. Leo always seems to make great movies, but yeah I agree there were a lot of drugs from the very beginning.
user2: That must be the businessman culture.
user2: Or atleast wallstreet

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hi
user2: Do you like the wolf of wall street?
user1: I haven't seen it, who's in the movie?
user2: Leonardo Dicaprio is the lead.  Jonah Hill, Margot Robbie also have roles.
user1: When did it come out?
user2: It came out in 2013.
user2: It is based on a true unlikely story
user2: Martin Scorsese was the director 
user1: That sounds like a cool mobie
user1: movie*
user1: Did it make a lot of money?
user2: It is about his career as a stockbroker and how his company was involveed in widespread fraud and corruption and the crazy anticts that happened.
user1: I remember seeing trailers for it
user2: I'm not really sure how much it made, I know it was well received critically.  
user2: At the time the I think it had the most uses of the "F" word in a movie
user1: What city did it take place in?
user2: New York City as well as Long Island

conversation:
user1: hi!
user2: Hello!
user2: What is the name of the movie you read about?
user1: have you seen wolf of wall street?
user1: the wolf of wall street
user2: I have not! What is it about?
user1: its a true story about jordan belfort
user2: Is it funny? 
user1: leonardo dicaprio did great in his role
user1: sometimes hes funny, sometimes hes over the top insane!
user1: jonah hill is in it too
user2: Oh that's right I remember seeing that he was in it. 
user2: Jaonah hill is funny!
user1: he was hilarious!
user2: Could i watch it with my family?
user1: its a little too mature for children
user2: Ok so maybe a date night movie!
user2: Is it scary?
user1: maybe, theres alot of bad language and drug use
user1: it wasnt scary
user2: What would you rate this movie on a scale of 1-10
user1: did you know martin scorsese directed it?
user1: i would it around a 7 or 8
user2: Oh wow! he is a great director
user2: Where is the setting of this movie
user1: new york city, wall street
user2: Is it upbeat, or dark
user1: a little dark at times
user2: Is there romance?
user1: yes margot robbie is the romantic interest
user2: Oh i love her! 
user1: she did great in her role with leo
user2: is it a movie you would watch again?
user1: definately

conversation:
user2: Hi, Do you like Comedies?
user1: Yes, I really enjoy comedies. It is one of my favorite genres.
user2: This seems like it could be a great movie
user1: Yes, It does seem like a good movie
user2: It's got Leonardo.
user1: Have you seen the movie before?
user2: No.
user2: You?
user1: Me either. The film seems like it is interesting
user2: I can't imagine Leonardo being funny
user1: I like the premise. It is based on wall street and the corruption.
user2: I don't know any of the other actors
user1: It says it is a black comedy so the jokes are not exactly ha ha ha.
user2: Why do they call it black comedy I wonder?
user2: It's got great reviews though. 
user1: It has humor that is hidden and the jokes are not so obvious. It has a bit a humor to a serious situation.
user2: It was made in 2013
user1: The reviews are good. I am familiar with Jonah Hill. He played in a few other comedies.
user2: That's awhile ago
user1: I thought it was older than that. 
user1: The plot seems interesting. they run a pump and dump scam.
user2: Why would someone successful slide into a lifestyle of prostitutes and drugs hmmm
user1: He had so much money and time that he gets bored.
user2: Does that mean he couldn't afford it before hahaha
user1: Ha ha ha maybe not
user1: People like to party when they have so much excess in their life. 
user2: True
user2: Stratton Oakmont doesn't sound that respectable
user1: I am not sure who that person is
user2: It is the name Jordan gave to his firm
user1: Okay. I am reading it. 
user2: Anyway it was nice chatting with you. Enjoy your day

conversation:
user2: The Wolf of Wall Street is the movie
user1: Who stars in the movie?
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio
user2: Jonah Hill
user2: Margot Robbie
user2: Kyle Chandler
user2: Rob Reiner
user1: Is this a love story?
user2: no
user2: It's about Wall Street
user1: I thought it was a love story because of Jona Hill. What is it about?
user1: Oh. Does it have action or is it boring?
user2: Black comedy
user2: rotten tomatoes is 78%
user1: Oh, What is a black comedy. I appoligize
user2: I don't know
user1: Well I guess it's supposed to funny. Was it funny to you?
user2: I've never seen it
user1: Oh. Are you planning to see it?
user2: It's about a stockbroker and two guys get into sex and drugs
user2: I guess so.
user1: Okay. Now I see. It seems to have action after all.
user2: Yeah, it's about money basically
user1: Does someone go to jail, or do you know?
user2: Creating a company
user2: I don't know yet
user1: It's about creating a company?
user2: Well the FBI gets involved because he made a lot of money really fast
user1: Do you know how long the movie is?
user2: no
user2: maybe a couple hours
user1: Okay, so it's a crime drama/comedy
user2: Yeah he ends up getting arrested finally
user1: I might have to go see it.
user1: What year did it come out?
user2: goes to jail
user2: money laundering I think
user1: DiCaprio plays the main character, he's usually pretty good.
user2: yea
user2: nice chatting :)
user1: You get the year it came out?
user2: 2013
user1: thank you
user2: thanks

conversation:
user1: how it goin?
user2: ok how are you today?
user1: doing well
user2: going good here. ya ready?
user1: looks like we are talking about wolf of wallstreet
user1: have you seen it before?
user1: The Wolf of Wall Street​ is a 2013 American black comedy directed by Martin Scorsese andwritten by Terence Winter, based on the memoir of the same name by Jordan Belfort.
user1: if you havent seen it. 
user2: you are correct it stars, leo decrapio, jonah hill, margot robbie, and rob reiner
user2: i have not seen it
user2: but have heard about it because of the oscars awards
user1: It was honestly really bad 
user2: seriously
user1: I wasnt much a fan of it. Not leonardos best work
user2: what was it about
user1: yeah, it was really rough
user1: Well, his character is a stock broker
user2: it sounds kinda blah just from the title
user1: its about how his firm engaged in some really screwed up corruption and fraud 
user2: is it a true story
user1: they screwed a whole bunch of people over
user1: yes, it is
user1: thats what makes it crazier
user2: oh wow, tell me what they did to the peeps
user1: Basically, he introduced to a drug and sex fueled stock broker lifestyle
user1: he starts by screwing people out of their homes
user2: oh dang thats ruff
user1: yeah
user2: so what happened to leo, how did they find out what was going on
user1: it literally became a soft core porno later on. He screws his wife over and all kinds od shit
user1: So, basically the FBI caught wind of his screwed up schemes
user2: oh dang, did he have kids?
user1: If i recall, yes
user2: messed up....what happened after the FBI got him
user1: he gets raided by the FBI and serves 3 years in jail
user1: after he gets out, he makes a living holding seminars teching people his sales techniques
user1: *teaching
user2: only 3 years..what happened to the people he screwed, did they get their money back?
user2: did he get his family back and life on track...did he ever get back into walstreet
user2: you have a great day

conversation:
user1: Hello
user1: Anyone there?
user2: hello!
user1: hi!
user1: Seen any good movies lately?
user2: Yes I have
user1: oh? ive been trying to find one to watch
user2: Yeah you should watch the Wolf of Wall Street
user1: never heard of it, whats it about?
user2: The movie is about a stockbroker on Wall Street and his firm
user1: Sounds kinda boring, is it a drama, comedy, ect?
user2: it involves all the corruption and fraud that goes on
user1: ohh gotcha
user1: Could be interesting, whos in it? 
user2: Leonardo DiCaprio
user2: Jonah Hill
user2: Margot Robbie
user2: Matthew McConaughey
user1: Oh i like Leo, i think i'll check it out
user1: did it win any awards?
user2: I don't think so
user1: Fair enough
user2: but personally I think it's a great movie
user1: When did it come out?
user2: It came out in 2013
user1: That makes sense, given the cast
user2: Yeah it's not that old yet
user1: Is there a moral to the story?
user1: can i watch it with my kids?
user2: It's basically that the main stockbroker, Jordan Belfort gets enticed by the lifestyle of Wall Street stockbrokers but gets caught by the FBI for all his crimes
user2: I would not recommend watching it with your kids 
user1: I see
user2: There is some rater r parts
user1: And yes i'll not let them see it

conversation:
user2: what is your opinion of the movie?
user1: I felt the movie was interesting
user1: Do you agree with the rating Rotten Tomatoes gave the movie?
user2: Yes, it is a fair rating of the film
user2: what do you think of the cast choices?
user1: I felt Leonardio DiCaprio was a good choice for the part of Jordan Belfort. 
user1: Did you enjoy Jonah Hill's role in the movie?
user2: He cracked me up in the Steve Madden scene.
user2: What did you think it is considered a black comedy?
user1: I was slightly confused by it being considered that genre, as the majority of the cast is white. 
user2: How do you feel about the drug use in the movie?
user1: I felt it added to the overall feel of wrong doing of the characters.
user1: Did you feel it gave an accurate portrayal of Wall Street? 
user2: Yes i do to an extent.
user2: Do you think Jordan deserved to go to prison?
user1: I am not sure about that, but I did feel it was right for his job to be terminated. 
user2: What do you think of the dump scam?
user1: I felt that was really shady, but not unheard of.
user1: How did you feel about Jordan getting into the lifestyle of prostitutes and drugs causing his wife to leave him? 
user2: A horrible life choice . 
user2: How do you feel about him bringing friends on board?
user1: I feel like he was just taking them down with him, not a great friend to have. 
user2: would you attend one of his sales seminars ?
user1: Knowing what I know about his scams, no. 
user1: What do you think of the deal he made with the FBI? 
user2: Personally i would have taken my lumps and not rat out my friends.
user1: I agree. Were you surprised to see his 2nd wife also leave him?
user2: Not really a guy like that seems hard to handle would take a strong woman
user2: What do you think about him running off with is daughter?
user1: It was crazy. 
user1: Were you surprised Donnie ratted him out to the FBI?
user2: Yes since he wrote him the note telling him about the situation .
user2: What do you think about Saurel ratting on Jordan?
user1: I don't think any of the ratting out was surprising to me. They all really only cared about themselves. 
user1: How did you feel about Jordan still ending up with a reduced sentence in a minimum security prison?
user2: He didn't hurt anyone physically just financially i feel it was the right sentence and prison.

conversation:
user1: Hey there!
user2: Hello

conversation:
user1: Hi 
user2: hello
user1: Lets talk about the wolf of wall street
user2: did you think the critical responses listed are accurate to how you felt about the movie?
user1: I have never seen the movie, but they seem fair.
user2: i'm having trouble finding points on this page to talk about - I do think that they did a really good job with the character developments throughout the storyline though
user2: i also can't think of any other movies that really fit into the "black comedy" genre
user1: Yeah the plot seems great.  Leo Dicaprio starred and produced it looks like.
user1: I am not familiar with this genre.
user2: yes and the introduction really does sum up the entire movie fairly well
user1: Seems like the entire movie is about making money.
user2: and how high stakes the lifestyle of a stock broker can be
user1: Honestly doesn't seem like my type of movie.
user2: guess it all depends on your perspective 
user2: i think anyone could take away alot of different messages from this
user1: 78% on Rotten Tomatoes as well.
user1: So he breaks the law and the FBI gets involved?
user1: Sounds generic heh.
user2: i think when you're boiling it down to the core of what it is any of these movies can be considered generic
user2: it's the character development and the actors that make the story become what it ends up being
user1: That is true
user2: i also think why it stands out in that type of genre is because of the depth it seems to explore into the stock market 
user1: Yeah sounds like it.
user2: i cant think of many others that portray that
user1: So the guy gets busted, and turns into a snitch?
user1: Yes.
user2: it doesnt sound like he had any other choice
user1: He gets out of prison early and starts hosting seminars.
user2: i wonder what happened to his friend that snitched on him
user1: Good question.
user1: Does the movie explain this?
user1: I wonder.
user2: it makes sense that he would go on to hosting seminars 
user2: if he was that good at his job beforehand
user1: Yeah.  What else can he do.
user2: that is true
user2: probably not able to go back to his old job lol
user1: Well this was a fun talk.
user2: indeed
user1: Wolf of wall street
user2: do we have to hit finish?
user1: I will have to watch it sometime.
user2: or does it close automatically
user1: Yes
user1: Good Night

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hey
user1: so have you seen the wolf of wall street
user2: no, haven't seen it
user1: its a very good movie  i'm not sure why they scored it so low on Cinemascore
user1: I feel a C is not correct
user2: really, what's it about
user1: basically about a guy that works on the stock market and gets in over his head with the government
user2: who is in it?
user1: Jonah Hill is really good in the movie
user1: as well as Leo Decaprio
user2: so is it realistic?
user1: Yeah I feel like it could have happened in real life of course it gets a bit extravagant 
user2: when did it come out?
user1: 2013 I do believe
user2: is it a good date movie?
user1: probably not
user1: bad language and some nudity
user1: more of a dark comedy
user1: you know who directed it don't you?
user2: really, so I would have to see it by myself
user2: no, who directed it?
user1: yeah my wife didn't have any interest in it
user1: Martin Scorsese
user1: one of the best directors ever
user2: so that says something about it 
user1: yeah and it also was a popular book 
user2: I might check it out when I have some free time
user1: although I haven't read it to compare
user2: I'll try to see it on netflix or aamazon
user1: Margot Robbie is in the movie too and I think this is where she got her big start
user1: yes its probably on netflix
user2: hey thanks for recommending it
user1: you are welcome
user2: good talking to you
user1: good talking to you as well

conversation:
user2: Hi there.
user1: Hello!
user2: Have you seen any good movie lately?
user1: Do you like Scorsese as a director?
user1: I really enjoyed this movie. DiCaprio was a very good choice for lead.
user2: Love he’s movies, he such an awesome director. What character was DiCaprio playing?
user1: He was Jordan Belford...the main character.
user2: What is the movie about?
user1: Didn't care for Margot Robbie as Naomi though. Its about the rise and fall of a Wall Street broker.
user2: Is it based on a true story? The name Belfort sounds familiar.
user1: It was more of an "inside" look at Wall Street than the Wall Street movies with Michael Douglas. And yes, it is a true story.
user2: Awesome, I love true stories. What genre is it?
user1: Its a black comedy..some parts were funny, but, most were drama. Belfort did almost two years in prison.
user2: That sounds like such an interesting watch. What year did they make the movie?
user1: Apparently his firm was terribly corrupt. He was charged with fraud. He also became addicted to drugs and alcohol.
user1: The movie was released in 2013. It kept very true to his book, IMHO.
user2: Did it get a good rating like from the rotten tomato?
user1: Sort of...7.8 out of 10.
user2: Thats pretty good. Who were some of the other actors?
user1: Leo DiCaprio, Margot Robbie, Jonah Hill, and Rob Reiner.
user2: Thats a great cast. Did it get some good reviews?
user1: Not really. Most panned it. I love movies with bad ratings...do you?
user1: What's your favorite genre of movie?
user2: I read reviews some times but most times I find that I have a different perspective. I enjoy thrillers.
user2: Do you know where the movie was filmed?
user1: I have very wide tastes, but, my favorite are really bad B movies...think ScyFy channel disaster flicks.
user2: Whats the name of the movie then, I’m so interested?
user1: I'm not entirely sure, but, based on scenes I believe NYC.
user2: Whats the movie called?
user1: Its The Wolf Of Wall Street. I think its a great movie.
user2: Thanks and nice chatting with you.
user1: Nice talking to you too. Have a great day! Happy Turking!

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi
user2: The movie is the Wolf of Wall Street.
user2: Do you know anything about it?
user1: Yes. I know I like the cast.
user2: It does have a lot of big names.
user1: I like Margot Robbie.
user2: I haven't seen her in much.
user1: I've liked her in a few things.
user2: It was directed by Martin Scorsese, and he's done good work.
user1: I didn't know about the negative critical reaction. Martin Scorsese is good.
user2: It sounds a lot like the movie Wall Street from the 80's. I've never seen it, but want to.
user1: I haven't seen that either but I've seen this one. I don't really know what Black Monday is and forgot what year that was.
user2: It says the movie starts in 1987. I don't know what black monday was either. 
user1: Some kind of market crash I guess but I vaguely remember the scene. I don't know what caused it.
user2: Probably the same thing that caused all the other market crashes. 
user2: Sorry to be cynical.
user1: No that makes sense, I believe it. This also reminds me of The Big Short which I wanted to see but never did.
user2: I'd like to see that to. This movie and others like it make me want to learn more about that world, but I don't think I've got the time.
user1: Yeah I don't think I'll ever be smart about money and stuff but these kinds of movies can be entertaining, mostly because of the debauchery
user2: It looks like it's worth seeing, and has pretty high ratings.
user1: Yeah I honestly thought the rotten tomatoes score might be higher than that but I guess not
user2: The reviews are worth looking at, but I find myself agreeing with them less and less. 
user1: I mean a C isn't a GREAT score and lately I hardly see anything, especially in the theater, that isn't gonna be a sure thing
user2: Me too, i'm getting pickier as I get older.
user1: Reading the new information. This movie went buckwild at the end.
user2: It seems like the only way it could have gone given these characters.
user1: And the nature of a scorsese crime caper. I'm wondering how close it is to the true story and how much drama is amped up for effect.
user2: That's why I wish I could learn more about the financial industry.
user2: Some of the stories on the news make it seem like it really is crazy.
user1: it's probably a lot more boring than the movies make it look...all the number crunching stuff is mind numbing to me
user1: but it is a hotbed for crime

conversation:
user1: What is the movie name?
user2: The Wolf of Wall Street
user1: Cool, what is it about? I want to know if I will like to see it.
user2: The movie has some great actors for starters.. LeoNardo DiCaprio and Jonah Hill
user1: I have heard of them! I don't know them too well, only by name.
user2: The movie is based on a man's perspective of his career as a stockbroker in New York City. In corruption and fraud he fails on Wall Street.
user2: Leonardo was the lead in Titanic. He is a great actor who has won an Oscar!
user1: That sounds interesting, it seems relevant to things happening today. 
user1: Oh yeah! I remember now.
user2: It is slightly relevant, but also includes the high chase of FBI agents going after him!
user1: How long is it?
user2: 3 hours
user2: A bit longer than most movies, but has a lot of heavy impacting parts
user1: Is it still in theaters now?
user2: It is no longer in theaters, but is available on DVD and Netflix!
user2: The movie was in theaters in 2013 and is still being talked about
user1: I remember hearing about it a lot and the title sounded intriguing. 
user2: The film got a 7.8/10 on Rotten Tomatoes
user2: Leo's character, Jordan, starts off a bit boring and regular too.. something we can all relate to in the work force
user1: That is a really high rating
user2: He quickly gets swept up in drugs, pump and dump scams, women, and out of nowhere becomes immensely successful
user2: He ends up laundering money, and is high on the crime lists
user1: Pump and dump scams? Like when people collectively buy stocks to inflate its value? I have heard about this with bitcoin before. That sounds interesting.
user2: Yes! He made $22 million in 3 hours by grasping the international fashion stocks for Steve Madden
user1: Does he do anything interesting with that money?
user2: Blows it on whatever he wants! Jets, prostitutes, cars, houses! Until, the FBI starts to really crack down on him
user2: His colleagues, wife, and a lot of people become fed up with his lifestyle and want it to end. The high life can only stay so grand for so long, especially if you are doing everything illegally...
user1: I imagine its hard not to get caught when you spend that much money on things. 
user2: Well, he did try to open a few bank accounts and hide it, but that can only work for so long. Eventually everything catches up with him and the FBI raids and shuts down his company. He was sentenced to only 3 years in a minimum security prison..
user2: Which seems so minimal for the amount of illegal laundering he was doing..
user1: Minimum security, does he end up breaking out?
user2: Nope! He gets released after he serves his time and goes back into working as a regular person. He makes a living in sales, which is a huge jump from making $22 million every 3 hours..
user1: Does he behave after that, or does he do some more bad things?
user2: He tries to behave and continue working, but remember, he lost everything! The money, his wife, his daughter, his friends, his luxurious lifestyle.. 
user1: How does he handle that?
user2: We never really know!
user2: The movie will leave you speechless
user2: To go from a regular lifestyle, to the high life, to prison, back to a regular lifestyle..
user1: Thats quite an adventure
user2: It's one of the best movies I've seen in the last 5 years
user1: Thank you for telling me all about this movie, and helping me make a decision.

conversation:
user1: I do not see a document! What movie are we talking about here?
user1: hello?
user2: olleh 
user1: what? lol
user2: wolf of wallstreet
user1: Have you seen it before? I love that movie
user2: yes a while back
user1: Leo deserved an oscar for that performance
user1: the quaaludes (sp?) scene was amazing
user2: he does, I cant remember that scene please remind me
user1: it should be on the document somewhere honestly
user1: but it's the scene where he is ridiculously high on drugs
user1: namely quaaludes
user2: oo ok lol
user1: and he crawls out to his car and thinks he makes it home fine when in reality he crashed and basically totaled his car
user2: yea I remember that
user1: that and margot robbie was fantastic
user1: just a great great movie lol
user2: yes indeed
user2: people making small fortunes high risk
user1: what else does it say on the document?
user2: = very exciting
user1: what are you saying? I don't understand lol
user2: Jordan befriends his neighbor, Donnie Azoff, and the two found their own company. Theyrecruit several of Jordan's friends, whom Jordan trains in the art of the "hard sell". The basicmethod of the firm is a pump and dump scam. To cloak this, Jordan gives the firm therespectable-sounding name of Stratton Oakmont. After an exposé in Forbes, hundreds ofambitious young financiers flock to his company. Jordan becomes immensely successfuland slides into a decadent lifestyle full of prostitutes and drugs. He has an affair with awoman named Naomi Lapaglia. When his wife finds out, they divorce, and he marriesNaomi. Meanwhile, the SEC and the FBI begin investigating Stratton Oakmont. Jordanillegally makes $22 million in three hours upon securing the IPO of Steve Madden. Thisbrings him and his firm to the attention of the FBI. To hide his money, Jordan opens a Swissbank account with corrupt banker Jean-Jacques Saurel in the name of Naomi's Aunt Emma,who is a British national and thus outside the reach of American authorities. He uses thewife and in-laws of his friend Brad Bodnick, who have European passports, to smuggle thecash into Switzerland.1 In 1987, Jordan Belfort procures a job as a Wall Street stockbroker for L.F. Rothschild,employed under Mark Hanna, who quickly entices him with the sex and drugs fueledstockbroker culture and teaches him that a stockbroker's only job is to make money forhimself. Jordan soon finds his career terminated following Black Monday and takes a job ata boiler room brokerage firm on Long Island that specializes in penny stocks. Thanks to hisaggressive pitching style and the high commissions, Jordan makes a small fortune.
user1: I've seen the movie, you don't need to copy and paste the whole thing. this hit is about talking about the movie
user2: I watched it a long time ago
user2: i thought it was similar to real life
user1: okay, so read from the plot that's typed out? It is kind of similar I guess but what he did was incredibly illegal
user1: the document should literally just refresh your memory if you've actually seen it. If you haven't then it's no big deal but we're supposed to talk about it together
user1: hello?
user1: are you still there? it's not going to let you finish the HIT if you don't say anything
user1: hey buddy, what the hell?
user1: I mean I can't see the document but I guess I can talk about this movie myself. I loved the way the story progressed, so that you're almost rooting for Jordan Belfort to succeed at his plans. I don't think he's intrinsically a bad guy but he's got some pretty major personality flaws in this movie that are difficult to ignore. Besides the fact that he takes drugs to numb feelings and escape, he treats women like garbage overall.
user1: This could be because of things that happened to him in the past, that part I can't remember. But what I do know is that he seems to have serious problems with human relationships
user1: If you think about it, none of his relationships in the movie are healthy. He hurts most of the people in his life in some way or another over the course of this movie
user1: you suck my friend

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: Hello
user1: Have you seen Wolf of Wallstreet
user1: Have you seen Wolf of Wallstreet
user2: fantastic movie
user2: what's your favorite part of it
user1: Have you seen Wolf of Wall street
user1: Have you seen Wolf of Wall street
user1: Have you seen Wolf of Wall street
user2: yes i have seen it
user2: it is a good movie

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: hello!
user2: have you seen the wolf of wall street?
user2: with leonardo dicaprio?
user1: Yes I have seen it! I loved Leonardo DiCaprio in that movie.
user1: What is a black comedy?
user2: it was a movie set on wall street about men who work on wall street and the fbi agents who try to bring them down for illegal behavior
user1: Yes that is a great description of the film, it is based off a true story as well.
user2: black comedy means laughing at things that are considered bad or taboo like when they were doing lines off the womens butts
user1: Ahh I see.
user2: yes it is i believe my fellow new yorkers are crazy as depicted in this movie 
user2: mathew mcconaughey is my favorite actor but he was soooo thin in this movie 
user1: Hahah, nothing hits home like some good old fashion Wall Street Corruption!
user2: i really cant believe that rotten tomatoes only gave it a 7.8 outta 10
user1: I loved Margot Robbie, her character was very attractive 
user2: martin scorsese is famous for doing off the wall movies like this too
user1: And metacritic gave it a 75/100...
user1: Which scene do you prefer? 1 or 2?
user1: off of the key scenes
user2: i think it was a great career booster for jonah hill to play donnie 
user2: i prefer scene 1
user1: Same here. Jonah Hill played a great character. Really showed he can be a serious actor.
user2: did you know that dicaprio also had a hand in producing this movie
user1: No I did not. He is a very talented man.
user2: rob reiner of course is always funny no matter what he is in lol
user1: I can't believe this came out back in 2013
user2: Rothschild is the actual stockbroker company in new york city where this took place
user1: What a fun fact.
user2: yeah its been around for awhile now and still i would think it would have higher scores that what the movie ratings have it at 75/100
user1: The critical response to this movie seems like it was very mixed
user1: It has aged well with me though.
user2: i think a lot of ppl had issue with the drugs but thats really new york
user1: And also Wall Street in general.

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: Hey there!
user2: The Wolf of Wall Street!
user1: The movie is wolf of wall street
user2: Yes, have you seen it?
user1: Have you had the pleasure of watching the movie?
user1: haha yeaap
user1: Its really good
user1: Margot robbie does a fantastic job
user2: haha same here, I watched it probably a dozen times
user1: haah wow i only saw it the one time
user2: Yeah, the duchess of brooklyn or something lol
user1: The ratings really reflect how well it did
user1: average was 7.8
user2: Seems kind of low in my opinion. Interesting side note, movie is based on a true story
user1: Oh yea the true story is sad
user1: sadly it still goes on to this day
user2: I forgot he became licensed on black monday
user1: hmmm the genre is black comedy
user1: for this film
user1: what is black comedy?
user2: saw that, i don't think its a black comedy, theres like 2 black people in the movie.
user1: for real
user1: thats odd
user1: oh yea jonah hill is in it too
user1: whitest of white people
user2: his character is so weird in the movie
user2: steeeeeveeeee maddddddeeeeen
user1: He is just a strange person in general
user1: Do you like martin scorses films?
user1: This is one of them
user2: Definitely 
user1: Samer
user1: Would you do what leo did in the movie?
user1: or would you be moral?
user1: decaprio*
user2: I can't really put myself in those shoes but i would hope my morality would guide me to do the right thing
user2: Forgot Donnie kept the note that Jordan slid him
user2: what a piece of s%#!
user1: I forgot about this..
user1: what note?
user2: I actually thought he had a longer sentence then three years
user2: the note he slid donnie saying he was wearing a wire
user1: people with money never find deserved justice
user2: its no 3 on the key scenes
user1: ah i see
user1: except for skhrelli
user1: ah ok thanks
user1: Why do you feel the ratings were lower than expected?
user2: Can't beleive all the people he brought up and made money with just ratted on him
user1: They werent the most honorable bunch
user2: i guess i thought it was better than a C/C+
user1: If they switched out leo's group of friends with talented actors it would have done better
user2: lol
user2: you're probably right
user1: Honestly more black people too
user2: not sure that would of been a reflection of the time
user1: You dont have to give them successful jobs, but if you call it a black comedy i would add some black servants or whatever reflects the time
user1: Oh i forgot about mathew mconahay
user1: that was an amzing scene
user2: I don't know about servants but I get what youre saying
user1: you gotta up those numbers pal
user1: lol
user2: that scene was amazing
user1: haha alright i think we are done
user1: have a good day!
user2: yeah, you too!

conversation:
user2: HELLO
user1: Hello
user2: I'm surprised this movie had ratings as low as it did, thought it would be higher
user1: Yea, it looks like they put a lot of effort into the film, its quite a sham.
user2: And Leo, Jonah Hill and Rob Reiner were all great in th emovie
user2: cool look into what really goes on in wall street
user1: Interesting, I'm glad you enjoyed the film.
user1: To my knowledge Wall street is quite immense and sophisticated, yet very rewarding. It should be very cool indeed to see what its like to experience the business that goes on in wall street in real life.
user2: And of course this movie focused on the corruption side, which was wildly entertaining
user1: True, many things have their good and evil sides.
user1: And seeing the things from another perspective is can be quite intriguing.
user2: yes absolutely
user2: and the fbi reviewing and investigation
user1: Agreed. Also, Its a sham Belfort committed fraud, perhaps if he conducted his business genuinely, he still could of been one of the most successful people of wall street.
user1: Yes, imagine the effort and time the FBI took into tracking down and organizing his suspicious activity until they were able to obtain a valid case to prosecute him.
user2: greed can be overwhelming
user2: especiaally with all the money involved
user2: and being taught their job is to make money
user1: Indeed, greed can manipulate many people into doing things they wouldn't normally do.
user2: looks like they founded a new company with a pump and dump scam
user2: then Jordan makes some money and starts to spiral out of control
user1: It seems as though that their scam escalated out of their control, and became something too big to manage.
user2: made 22 million in 3 hours, thats crazy.  that definately got the fbis attention
user1: Precisely, making 1 million dollars in 10 years is a big achievement. Imagine what the FBI thought about 22 million dollars being made in a mere 3 hours. They must of got on the case right away.
user2: and of course he goes with a swiss account
user2: trying to hide it
user1: True, this action must of only added to the FBI's suspicion.
user2: and saurel rolled on Jordan causing him to be arrested. The Jordan rolls on his colleagues
user1: It seems as though that he wanted to get a lesser term if prosecuted by pressing evidence on his colleagues.
user2: yes indeed.  Shut down the company.  only 3 years, he got off easy
user1: True, even with the co-operation deal breach.
user2: Then of course he teaches sales after prison lol
user2: that was a pretty cool ending.  Actual footage I believe
user1: Actual footage, that indeed sounds cool.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user1: Are you there?
user2: I’m here
user1: Did you watch this movie
user2: No I’ve never seen this movie
user1: I saw it once.. it was pretty good.
user2: Have you seen this movie
user1: Dont understand why its considered black comedy
user1: Is that another term for dark humor? lol
user2: I love Matthew mcconaughey
user2: Haha. It could be dark humor 
user2: Would you recommend this movie to your friends?
user1: I thought the acting was great. I have followed Jordan Belfort in the past.
user1: Im not sure.. its not everyone's brand of humor or subjectmatter
user2: Is it a dry humor?
user1: Its like watching a trainwreck
user1: Not sure that I agree with the 78% rating it got though
user2: Hmm, I haven’t seen that movie either. 
user1: But then again, I dont put too much stock into RT. To each's own.
user2: How is DiCaprio in the movie, I like him too?
user1: I might see it again if I were to catch it on TV though
user1: He was really convincing as usual
user1: Margot Robbie was super attractive in this as well
user1: Have you seen other DiCaprio movies?
user2: Yes. Titanic and catch me if you can are the first two that come to mind
user1: The first two I think of are Inception and Revenant. Maybe because it was more recent.
user2: Im sure there are others that I’ve seen 
user1: He hasn't too many bad films though
user1: I know I have seen some Martin Scorsese films too but can't think of them off the top of my head.
user2: He appears to be a pretty good actor. He’s able to play different roles
user1: Yes I agree
user1: Do you like movies of a certain genre?
user2: Comedy, drama, action
user2: What about you
user1: I like thrillers, horror, sci-fi the most
user2: Oh yes, I love thrillers. 
user1: Do you have a favorite?

conversation:
user1: Hello?
user1: What? What movie are you talking about?
user1: I am not familiar with Hugh Jackman
user2: Hello. The movie is The wolf of Wall Street.
user1: Have you seen it before?
user2: I have seen it and I liked it.
user1: What audience is it recommended for?
user2: Hmm, I like fighting robots I guess. But there are no robots in The wolf of wall street.
user1: I have no idea what that means
user2: It is about a stockbrocker in New York City.
user1: Why are you talking about fighting robots
user2: I have no idea for what audience it is recommnded.
user1: Is it violent?
user2: I am here. There is no mention of blood. But the trading is aggressive.
user1: Why do you keep talking about robots
user2: The critics say it is epic in size.
user1: I thought there was no robots in this movie
user1: who are these robots?
user2: There is not mention of any robots in the movie summary.
user1: you keep talking about robots
user2: Let me tell you about one scene so you can understand the movie better.
user1: What movie?
user2: Three friends found a company for stock trading. And they begin to set up a method for scamming others.
user2: The movie is the Wolf of Wall street.

conversation:
user2: hi there
user1: hi
user2: how are you doing

conversation:
user1: hello! did you like the movie?
user2: Yes i really enjoyed this one.
user1: what was your favorite thing about it?
user2: I love leonardo decaprio he was great.
user1: yeah i like him too
user1: i just can't believe that the story was true, or based on the truth
user1: it is so nuts 
user2: Do you feel like the movie glorified jordan belfort?
user1: yes, i do
user2: I feel like it did as well but i don't think that was a detriment to the film.
user1: i thought his life was so obscene
user1: yeah i guess
user1: i did like the movie
user2: yes it was very obscene. 
user1: i also like jonah hill
user1: i also don't know anything about stocks so it was interesting to learn
user2: I find that world interesting. Black monday was a huge crash for the markets.
user1: yeah
user2: The movie depicted the collapse of belforts firm
user1: yeah
user1: it is based on his memoir
user2: Jordan made a fortune selling trashy penny stocks.
user1: yeah i don't understand that
user1: lol
user2: Basically he would sell all his clients on the idea of a cheap worthless company with a low market cap. 
user2: When all his clients buy in it drives the price up.
user2: he knowing it is a trash company then sells on the high and all the suckers loose when it crashes down
user1: interesting
user2: He really made a lot on the steve madden ipo
user1: yeah he did but why illegally?
user2: theres more money when you don't have to play by the rules
user2: The scene where he tried to leave with his young daughter was hard to watch
user1: i can;t believe he only went to jail for 3 years
user2: Yea white collar criminals are punished with a different set of rules than common folks
user1: that is crazy
user2: the prison life for them isnt even bad
user1: yeah

conversation:
user2: Hello  there
user1: Hello, what do you think about the ratings on this movie?
user2: They seem to be average 
user2: What do you think
user1: Agreed, they are all pretty consistent in their ratings which probably gives credence.  Unusual for a Scorsese movie.
user1: How do you feel about watching a movie that appears to glorify drug use?
user2: I like that leo dicaprio is in it
user1: Me too.  Leo is a tremendous actor and he probably plays this well.
user1: The cast is amazing with Rob Reiner and Matthew McConaughey in it.
user2: Agreed. The genre black comedy is interesting
user1: I thought so too.  What does that really mean?
user2: A coksxy that is kind of cynical
user2: Comedy*
user2: It is a little sad he got so much into sex and drugs
user1: Interesting.  There is probably some truth there.
user2: Yes there definitely is 
user1: I didn't realize there was a memoir by Jordan Belfort.  I may opt to read that.  Could be interesting.  Do you think he loses his fortune?
user2: It seems likely because they were so distracted by the party life
user1: Yes, I am sure the New York party life is expensive.  I wonder where the real Belfort is now and if the movie showcases that?
user2: I am n9ot sure about that i do think they end up in a bax way
user1: How do you think they illegally make the $22 million.  Would think an IPO of Steve Madden would be a boon.
user2: They lied fo all of their clients and made illegal investments 
user1: That is definitely not a good thing.  Maybe the IPO was ok but the rest of their business wasn't.
user2: They started aff as friends but it all went bad
user1: I wonder if the friends ever suspected or if they got involved via a type of brainwashing.
user1: What is your thought on allowing leniency for giving information on others in an illegal situation?
user2: They were all following the leader it was a group mentality
user1: So if the leader is given leniency for giving up the others is ok?
user1: Are you still there?

conversation:
user2: Okay, let's talk about the Wolf of Wall Street!
user2: Have you seen it:?
user1: No I have not, have you already seen it?
user2: Yeah. It came out in 2013, is considered a dark comedy, and stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Jonah Hill, and Margot Robbie.
user2: It's basically a story of a stockbroker in NYC who engaged in corruption and fraud on Wall Street, and the FBI agents who try to bring him down.
user2: It has pretty good reviews on Rotten Tomatoes (78%) and Metacritic
user2: Hello?
user2: BUELLER?!?!!?!

conversation:
user1: HI- how are you doing today?
user2: Good thanks :) Still reading 
user2: The term "black comedy" makes me kind of question what exactly the film would be about
user2: What aspect of the film do you think makes it a "dark comedy"?
user1: I have not heard that term used before. I would think dark comedy would be a better way to describe it.
user1: But maybe they are two different things.
user2: Haha, yes. It is true. I even accidentally wrote that instead of "black"
user2: It's interesting that all three rating sites seem to be in agreement.
user2: I think that is a marker of a generally good film, no?
user1: I would agree. It
user1: s pretty straight across the board there.
user2: Have you heard about the Memoir before the film?
user1: No I had not.
user2: I think what made the film interesting is that it makes you feel like you're a part of that high flying life..
user2: I think most people secretly covet that sort of lifestyle even just a taste of it ;)
user1: I think you are right. People are drawn to money.
user2: Exactly!
user2: I like watching films about underdogs succeeding
user2: as do most people I think. Makes it seem like anything is possible. 
user2: Funny that they cast Jonah Hill... I guess he is the comedic aspect 
user1: I myself love a good underdog story!
user2: Does it involve stocks and gambling like the movie? lol
user2: Why is it that names like "Stratton Oakmount" sound prestigous..  
user1: Not sure , But it really does when you think about it.
user2: I wonder how accurate the whole European citizenship and government evasion aspect is.
user2: A lot of movies tend to add things that wouldn't actually fly in real life.
user1: So I am not seeing how they obtained the IPO of steve madden. 
user1: There has to be more to that part of the story, no?
user2: What is an IPO any how... oops. Should I know this?
user1: It has something to do with the stock market though I am not sure what exactly.
user2: Do you usually take a movie's rating into account?
user1: I normally go based on actors/topic of movie and word of mouth. 
user2: Same here. Or just try my luck and click randomly on Netflix.
user1: Ratings do not really mean much to me as I have seen some with great ratings that I thought were just okay.
user1: And I could have waited til they came out on video.
user2: True, and some films I have adored were rated very poorly. It ultimately comes down to taste.
user2: Well, it was great talking to you about the movie. :) 
user2: have a pleasant eve :)

conversation:
user2: Hi 
user1: hi
user2: Have you seen this movie?
user1: what movie
user2: The Wolf of Wall Street
user1: yes
user2: do you agree with the critics scores?
user2: Cinemascore gives it a C
user1: no
user2: I felt like its at minimum a B+
user1: i agree
user2: I have seen it once but didn't realize the amount of high quality actors in it
user1: should i watch it again?
user2: I would think so I know that I play on watching it again
user1: who are the actors in it?
user2: Matthew McConaughey and Leonardo Decaprio and Jonah Hill to name a few
user1: who's the hot girl?
user2: I think that would be Margot Robbie who was also in Suicide Squad
user2: Do you know who directed the movie?
user1: no, do you?
user2: Martin Scorcese
user1: he had done a lot of really good movies
user2: which probably explains why this is considered a dark comedy
user2: I believe this was also a book
user1: my favorite part of the movie is when he's on qualudes
user2: yeah lot of drug use in the movie for sure that's why I didn't let my kids watch it
user2: and the nudity too of course
user2: My favorite part I think is on the yacht
user1: ok, this has been a good conversation, i think i'll watch the movie now.  bye
user2: have a good one
user1: how do i finish this conversation?
user2: odd it wont let me finish the conversation
user2: yes
user2: I don't have the option yet
user1: hmm

conversation:
user2: Hello, how afre you?
user2: have you seen this movie before?
user1: doing great my friend how are you doing?
user1: i have seen the movie, i thought it was wonderfully brillant 
user2: I have not seen this film but the cast and the director looks very promising!
user2: Is this based on a true story?
user1: Leonardo is a fantastic actor so he can make just about any movie wonderful!
user1: i am not sure about that
user2: I know, he really is good, Catch me if you can, Titanic, etc...
user1: how do you feel about Jonah Hill?
user2: I'm not very familiar with his acting...
user2: I know Margot Robbie is good, very attractive actresss
user1: yes she is brillant indeed
user2: Too many young actors I don;t know about:-) since I rarely watch movies these days-I think we are all glued too much to our phones and busy lives these days!:-)
user1: do you trust movie review scores? or rely on your own ratings?
user1: i agree
user2: My own ratings-I think they always try to push what they think people SHOULD watch, not what we actually like!
user1: agreed
user2: 2013-this is fairly fresh
user2: I will definitely look it up on Amazon Prime of Netflix, the should ahve it
user1: maybe so
user1: i do believe its based on a true story this movie
user2: oh, that makes it interesting, I see it's about Wall Street corruption-I'm originally from New York and familiar with that culture!
user1: wow that's interesting 
user2: what did you like best about this movie?
user1: i liked the acting, leo was wonderful and made it very entertaing and interesting 
user2: I'll definitely give it a try-too many dark and apocalyptic movies out there, this could be a nice change!
user1: its a very smart type movie its definatly enjoyable
user2: that's good, I like smart movies

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hello
user2: the movie is about a stockbroker
user2: named Jordan Belfort. It is based on his memoir from his past career as a stockbroker on Wall Street
user2: and mainly, how he used rampant corrupted techniques to defraud the investors
user2: do you find it intriguing?
user2: are you there?

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hello
user2: So have you seen the film we're talking about today?
user1: Yes. Do you usually like to watch black comedy movies?
user2: Sometimes. I don't think I have a particular style of film that I watch, but I usually like to go for films that have been critically acclaimed or recommended to me, just to see if I like them too. How about you? Do you like them?
user1: I'm usually a fan. Especially when it has a good director and a talented cast. Did you like Leo's performance? 
user2: Oh yes, he's good in just about everything he does though, I think. And he seems to work really well with Martin Scorcese! What did you think about Margot Robbie's performance?
user1: I thought she did a good job, but I found that her characterization was a little dull. I thought that even though there was an all star cast, the people were a little dull.
user2: I don't know if I had the same problem with characterization, but I think in a lot of ways the film made me feel uncomfortable. I think it was the depiction of Wall Street, with all its excesses. None of the characters were really sympathetic people, so it was hard for me to get emotionally attached or root for anyone. Did you think it deserved the attention it got from critics?
user1: I think that people's responses are really colored by their own personal experiences. Both critics and people seemed to like it. But some people really hated it. Personally, I liked it, though I found it hedonistic. 
user2: What was it that you liked about the film?
user1: Well I liked how well they showed Jordan's descent into the culture of wall street. How he seduced by the lifestyle when he first gets a job, and then how he descends into this moral abyss after he gets fired 
user2: How do you feel about the movie knowing it was based on a true story? Did that impact how you viewed the film or the characters?
user1: It made me feel weird. The small fortune Jordan makes is really enticing, but all the people who he is surround with are so terrible and dull.
user2: Did you feel that Jordan was also a terrible and dull person naturally, or that he was more influenced by the people around him?
user1: I felt that it was inside him, but that he was influenced by his first experiences on wall street
user2: What did you think about his relationships with his wives in the film?
user1: I thought it was interesting how he abandoned his wife for another woman.
user2: Interesting in what way?
user1: It really shows how he changes as a person.
user2: How about his relationship with his second wife?
user1: I thought he was using her
user2: Do you think she was using him too?
user1: I think it's unclear
user1: I think maybe she likes his money, but she does leave him because of his lifestyle
user2: Do you think maybe her priorities changed when they had children?
user1: I think once they had children maybe his lifestyle became more of a problem
user1: That might be a key factor. Jordan seems like he is just not growing up.
user2: What did you think about the scene with his daughter where he crashes the car? Did you find that hard to watch? 
user1: Yeah I just found myself initially allured with the money he makes, but that moment really solidified that his lifestyle was destroying him and those around him.
user2: What was it about the lifestyle and money that allured you?
user1: I thought that just his ability to well known. Being in forbes magazine, having the ability to kind of do what he wants was enticing.
user2: Did you sympathize with Jordan at all or relate to him in any way?
user1: I think I see how he got to where he was, but no I don't sympathize with him.
