wiki document:
cast:
Ginnifer Goodwin as Officer Judy Hopps, an optimistic rabbit from Bunnyburrow who is a newly appointed member of the Zootopia Police Department assigned to the 1st Precinct.
Jason Bateman as Nick Wilde, a red fox who is a small-time con artist.
Idris Elba as Chief Bogo, an African buffalo who is the police chief of the Zootopia Police Department's 1st Precinct.
Jenny Slate as Dawn Bellwether, a diminutive sheep who is the assistant mayor of Zootopia.

critical response:
The brilliantly well-rounded Zootopia offers a thoughtful, inclusive message that's as rich and timely as its sumptuously state-of-the-art animation   all while remaining fast and funny enough to keep younger viewers entertained.
funny, smart, [and] thought-provoking. 
 'very funny, and very likable holiday treat.
[Zootopia] is constantly asking its characters to look past species stereotypes, and not use species-ist language or repeat hurtful assumptions.... This all seems clever and noble until you realize that all the stereotypes about various animals are to some extent true, in particular the most basic one: carnivores eat herbivores because it's in their nature.

director:
Byron Howard, Rich Moore

genre:
Comedy, Adventure, Animation

introduction:
In a world populated by anthropomorphic mammals, Judy Hopps from rural Bunnyburrow fulfills her childhood dream of becoming a police officer in urban Zootopia. Despite being the academy valedictorian, Judy is delegated to parking duty by Chief Bogo, who doubts her potential because she is a rabbit. On her first day, she is hustled by a con artist fox duo, Nick Wilde and Finnick.

movie name:
Zootopia

rating:
Rotten Tomatoes: 98% and average: 8/10
IMDB: 8/1

year:
2016

description:
After determining Nick was a suspect seen in Otterton's last known sighting, Judy blackmails him into assisting her by covertly recording his confession to tax evasion with her carrot pen. They track Otterton to a limousine owned by crime boss Mr. Big, who reveals Otterton went 'savage'   reverted to a feral state   and attacked his chauffeur Manchas. At his home, Manchas mentions Otterton yelled about 'night howlers' before the attack. Moments later, Manchas himself turns savage and chases the pair. Judy saves Nick by trapping Manchas and calls the ZPD for help, but when they arrive, Manchas has vanished. Bogo demands Judy's resignation, but Nick reminds Bogo that Judy still has ten hours to solve the case. Judy learns from Nick that he was bullied as a child when he tried to join the Ranger Scouts, who stereotyped him as untrustworthy for being a fox. 
At City Hall, Bellwether offers Judy and Nick access to the city's traffic cameras. They discover Manchas was captured by wolves, who Judy surmises are the 'night howlers'. They locate the missing predators - all gone savage - imprisoned at Cliffside Asylum, where Mayor Leodore Lionheart hides them from the public while a scientist tries to determine the cause of their behavior. Lionheart and those involved are arrested for false imprisonment and Bellwether becomes the new mayor.  Judy, praised for solving the case, has become friends with Nick and asks him to join the ZPD as her partner. However, she upsets him at a press conference by suggesting a predatory biological cause for the recent savage behavior, and her comments cause tension between predators and prey throughout the city. Feeling guilty for the results of her words, Judy quits her job. 
Back in Bunnyburrow, Judy learns that the night howlers are actually toxic flowers that have severe psychotropic effects on mammals. After returning to Zootopia and reconciling with Nick, the pair confront Weaselton, who tells them the bulbs he stole were for a ram named Doug. They find Doug in a laboratory hidden in the city subway, developing a drug made from night howlers, which he has been shooting at predators with a dart gun.  Judy and Nick obtain the serum as evidence, but before they can reach the ZPD, Bellwether confronts them in the Natural History Museum and takes the evidence, revealing herself as the mastermind behind a prey-supremacist conspiracy. Judy and Nick are trapped after Nick refuses to abandon an injured Judy. Bellwether shoots a serum pellet at Nick to make him kill Judy, and summons the ZPD for help, but Judy and Nick have replaced the serum pellets in Bellwether's gun with blueberries. Enraged, Bellwether threatens to frame the pair for the attacks, but Judy has recorded Bellwether's confession. Bogo and the ZPD arrive and Bellwether is arrested. 

conversation:
user2: So have you seen Zootopia?
user1: Yes, I have. The movie was hilarious! Who was your favorite character?
user2: I'm not good with character names, but the fox played by jason bateman
user2: Nick Wilde\
user2: Who was yours?
user1: Oh okay, my favorite character was Judy Hopps. My favorite scene of the movie was when she got initially put as a parking duty cop.
user1: I like the movie because it was something that both me and my children enjoyed.
user2: I actually watched it at a friends house because her 2 year old had it on repeat
user1: Oh, how funny. Do you think that the IMDB rating is appropriate?
user2: I do. 8/10 seems right. The Rotten Tomatoes review seems high, but it's impressive
user1: I agree, Rotten Tomatoes usually has horrible ratings so it is a bit surprising. I like the main theme that people can't be judged based on their color (well in this case species).
user2: What Holiday was this released around?
user2: Do you think Judy recording Nick was an ethical decision?
user1: I don't recall the holiday. I do think that it was ethical because he was a wanted suspect so she was just doing her job.
user1: I think the ending made up for her recording, because she realized that Nick's past being bullied had a huge effect on him.
user2: I also thought it was super unfair of Bogo to request her resignation so quickly. She was still new to the force.
user1: I agree with that, it was unfair. However, she got tricked by Nick on her first day I honestly don't think she was qualified for the position.
user2: She was a bit naive, but she also shouldn't have been out alone as a rookie.
user2: I loved Bellwethers character, I know she's a bad guy, but Jenny Slate does such a good job
user1: I have to agree with you on that. I don't see her as much of a bad guy, since she offered Nick and Judy access to the security cameras.
user1: In the end when Judy asked Nick to join the Zootopia police department, do you think that was a good call on her part?
user2: Probably not, just because he ended up liking her doesn't mean he had completely turned himself around
user1: Yeah, the movie didn't show Nick developing enough for him to be trusted with that kind of authority. Plus I am guessing that his criminal background wouldn't go well.
user1: It was sweet when Nick stuck up for Judy when BOGO tried to demand her to quit
user2: I agree, he definitely showed some development there, possibly just gratitude.
user1: Did you think that the use of drugs in the movie was a bit too much? (the creation of drugs I should say)/
user2: I think it was innocent enough. Probably too complicated of a plot line to really do any harm to kids.
user2: They could get the jist of it, that bellwether made the wolves do bad things, but beyond that, they probably didn't relate it to drugs as we think of them
user1: I know what you mean.
user1: My young cousin asked me what they were and why he was making them what they do to people, etc. So it might not influence most children but definitely some.

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: hI... WE ARE TALKING ABOUT ZOOTOPIA
user2: HAVE YOU SEEN IT?
user1: yes, i have
user1: have you
user2: IT IS A COMEDY
user2: NOPE
user2: MAYBE YOU SHOULD BE TELLING ME ABOUT IT...LOL
user1: Are the ratings good?
user1: i know :) 
user2: YES THE RATINGS ARE DECENT
user1: when did it come out?
user2: i LIKE JASON BATEMAN IN COMEDIES, SO THIS SHOULD BE GOOD
user2: 2016
user2: I ALSO LIKE GINNEFER GOODWIN 
user1: Do you think the movie plotis interesting?
user1: plot is*
user2: IT SOUNDS GOOD
user1: What do critics say about it ?
user2: I AM LOOKING, BUT I DON'T SEE ANYTING
user2: OH THERE IT IS
user2: FUNNY SMART AND THOUGHT PROVOKING
user2: VERY FUNNY AND A VERY LIKABLE HOLIDAY TREAT
user2: LOOK PAST SPECIES STEREOTYPES
user1: So most of the critics agree it's a good movie?
user2: SEEMS SO
user2: FAST AND FUNNY ENOUGH TO KEEP YOUNGER PEOPLE ENTERTAINED
user1: who are the main characters?
user1: i know i've watched it but still need to ask those questions :)
user2: WELL, THE DOCUMENT THAT I AM LOOKING AT JUST BLANKED OUT ON ME
user2: I WISH I COULD TELL YOU
user1: oh no :( well, i can
user2: HAHA
user2: OK
user1: it's a bunny and a wolf, if i remember correctly
user2: ANYWAY, I THINK THAT IT WOULD BE FUN TO SEE, ESPECIALLY YOUNG NIECES

conversation:
user2: What do you think about this wonderful movie?
user1: Movie name
user2: zootopia
user1: Oh, it's a good one,my kids love that movie
user2: If I love her too, it really entertains me a lot, although it is still for children
user1: Very much but it's ok to watch because kid's like asking questions during movie's
user2: if we must always be attentive, a question how long this study lasts?
user2: 20 min?
user1: What do you think it's a good part in the middle of the movie
user2: no doubt, the lazy part
user1: There's about 5 questions then it should wrap up.
user2: and what is your favorite part
user1: I think from the title I would say the fact that there's animals and it's a kid friendly movie
user2: Can this study be repeated?
user2: You have not really seen the movie ...
user1: I might have can you get indeep with your favorite seen of the movie.
user2: but you did not do it, then because you choose it if you did not see it
user1: Hope you enjoyed the movie, from what you said I don't know to much about it, I'll have to check it out sometime soon .
user1: Hey still here?
user2: yes
user1: It's still not finished .
user2: sorry
user2: if it's a pretty interesting movie to hang out
user2: Where are you from?
user1: California I'm always here watching movies
user2: Well, it's a very good way to distract the mind
user2: I need another account in mturk and they do not approve me: / I'm desperate

conversation:
user1: Hello
user1: Did you see Zootopia?
user2: I did, it was great.
user2: What did you think of Judy?
user1: I am not sure who that is
user2: She is the main character, a bunny that becomes a police officer.
user1: Okay, I see. Yeah, I thought she was cool. I liked the sloth
user2: He was good but I also grew to like the fox towards the end.
user1: It got a 98 on rotten tomatoes. That is very impressive
user2: That's very high, probably because it is so likeable and funny
user1: The story is really good
user2: Did you see that NIck was bullied as a child?
user1: Which character is Nick?
user2: He is the fox that eventually starts working with Judy, the main character.
user1: Okay, I don't remember him being bullied
user1: On IMDB, it didn
user1: t get as high of a rasting
user2: It was when he was younger and he tried joining the Ranger scouts, they stereotyped him because he was a fox.
user1: *rating
user1: Okay. 
user2: It is still a pretty high rating, ecsepcially for an animated movie.
user1: I agree. I didn't know it was that high
user2: I like that Judy asks Nick to be his partner.
user2: her partner*
user1: I see it had two directors as well
user2: I didn't notice that
user1: There were a lot of suspenseful moments in the movie
user2: Yes there was but I think it was so well liked because of all the characters, it was relatable.
user1: I agree
user1: What do you think was the nest part of the movie?
user2: I liked towards the end when they start working together to out the mayor.

conversation:
user1: what was your opinion on the movie?
user2: It does sound pretty interesting and I can see the reviews are pretty high
user1: I personally have watched this movie. I thought it was super cute and it can be related to general life.
user1: are you familiar with any of the actors?
user2: Yes the short reviews at the bottom suggest it is thought provoking. 
user2: I can't say for sure but gennifer Goodwin sounds familiar
user2: Have you seen any other movies from the director? 
user1: Honestly, when I watch movies, I hardly ever pay attention to who made it. 
user1: have you?
user2: Nope. I am a sucker for movies with animated animals though so I will definitely have to check this out. 
user1: Yea, Judy Hopps is the main character and is considered the first ever bunny cop. Sounds funny. 
user2: Agreed. There's a comment at the bottom about species stereotypes which sounds interesting too
user1: But they thought she would be able to handle being a cop because shes a bunny.
user1: Most of the cop or police are normally these big animals.
user2: Yep. Which to me is a bit counterintuitive because you think of rabbits being a prey species so more likely to run away from trouble. 
user1: Exactly.
user2: Of course the fox has to be the bad guy
user1: Actually, he is displayed as the slick fox. Always trying to con his way in to something.
user1: But he turns out to be a good guy. 
user2: I'm trying to figure out who otterton and Manchas are from the new paragraph that flashed up
user2: Oh so like another goes away from the norm type of character in the fox
user2: Key scene two shows rabbit and fox working together! 
user1: Otterton is a missing person that judy is trying to find
user1: Judy kind of blackmailed Nick(fox) in working with her.
user2: I see. It sounds like a movie that has a well developed story line
user1: It was a very good kids movie.
user1: I'm just shocked that it wasn't as big as the Disney movies
user2: Oh ok. I'm a little bit wary of rotten tomato ratings also
user2: They can sometimes stray quite far from the other review sites of a bunch of very keen reviewers want to bump the score
user2: Ok scene three has some drug manufacturing going on! 
user1: Yes, the drugs make the animals revert to their natural state.
user2: Oh so there must be some other force making them break moulds
user1: They become crazy animals again
user1: But this is all while they still think Judy is a small cop
user1: so they still dont consider her a strong animal
user2: I see. Interesting. Hope she gets more respect later with all the arrests
user1: yea she does
user1: would you see this movie?

conversation:
user2: what's the name of the movie?
user1: The name of the movie is Zootopia
user2: what is the movie about?
user2: is this a kid's movie?
user1: The movie is about anthropomorphic animals. There is a character named Judy Hopps who becomes a police officer in Zootopia. She gets delegated to parking duty, and then she gets hustled by a conman named Nick Wilde and his partner Finnick.
user1: It is a kid's movie
user1: It also has a very high rating on IMDb of 8/10
user2: any good actors or voices in the movie?
user1: Idris Elba, Jason Bateman, and Ginnifer Goodwin
user2: is it in the theater or on dvd?
user1: I don't know about that but it was released in 2016.
user2: how long is the movie?
user2: what kind of animals are there?

conversation:
user2: Have you seen Zootopia?
user1: No I haven't have you?
user2: Yes, I have I found it to be quite entertaining. It's animated so it's more geared toward children.
user1: Oh that's awesome. I like foxes and really like that it has a fox duo even though they are cons
user2: I liked the scene when Cheif Bogo assigned her to parking duty, it is funny. Do you intend to see this movie in the future?
user1: Ooops I did see it.. Sorry I misunderstoof/ was thinking about a different movie. My family thoroughly enjoyed Zootopia especially teaching that even a bunny can be a police officer! Very funny and inspiring movie!
user2: That is quite alright, I really enjoyed it as well. I was laughing more than I'd care to admit. The foxes were also great. Do you agree with the ratings?
user1: I always seem to get caught up in childrens movies especially when they are funny. Yeah I think the ratings were right on at 98% and 8/10!
user2: I also have to agree, I thought it was an original way to teach kids about stereotypes.
user1: Yes definitely! That is a good lessen for children to learn especially in this way!
user1: What did you think about Otterton going "Savage"?
user2: At that point in the movie, I wasn't really sure where they were headed but the mystery kept me watching.
user2: Did you enjoy the animated depiction of the crime boss, Mr. Big?
user1: Yeah I agree. It definitely took a few turns with that one! Yes I thought he was a great character! 
user1: His limo was a very important part, don't you think?
user2: The limo was a very important find for Judy Hopps.
user2: What did you think the "night howlers" were?
user1: Yeah I thought so too! I really didn't have a clue until they showed it! It was somehwat suspenseful for a childrens movie, don't you think? 
user2: It had me on the edge of my seat, I also had no idea. 
user2: Were you upset when Lionheart was arrested?
user1: Yeah I didn't really like that part! 
user1: Were you surprised about Judy and Nick teaming up?
user2: I was very surprised that she was able to coerce him with her carrot pen.
user1: I couldn't believe it was the flowers causing that effect! Did you see that coming?
user1: User 2 left the chat 6 minutes ago with no response.

conversation:
user2: Hello, I'd love to know the name of the movie
user1: Hello, the movie is Zootopia
user1: It is described as a brilliantly well-rounded film that is funny smart and thought provoking
user2: I have not see zootopia but frozen yes
user2: I don't have kids, but the will start coming soon :)
user1: I would highly recommend you watch the film Zootopia because it received a Rotten Tomatoes rating of 98%
user2: did you get access to the documents about the movie?
user2: oh wow 98% is good
user1: Yes I did get access to documents about Zootopia
user2: but the problem i have with these movies..they usually potray things that are from someone's imagination
user2: lucky you, i have to get all the information from you because it's obvious they let you access so that I can ask all the questions?
user2: Any elements of LGBT freedom in it? because I realize most movies now a days potray LBGT  freedom
user2: oh thats good, seems to be well made and researched 
user1: Yes, indeed they do. But the positive aspect about the movie Zootopia, is that although it is all imaginary, the film carries a message of acceptance that is thought-provoking
user2: music helps to keep the vibes real
user2: ok.nice chatting with u
user1: Yes, also the cast of the film includes Idris Elba, Ginnifer Goodwin
user1: Directions stated we talk for 20 min. I am supposed to convince you to watch the film

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: hi how are you
user1: How did you like zootopia
user2: I thought it was great.
user2: had great animation
user2: script, humor
user1: and has good reviews too
user1: I like the optimistic rabbit character
user2: Definitely. I like the sly fox that had a big heart.
user2: I think it has a lot of teachings
user1: she is from bunnyburrow
user1: yeah the fox is great too
user1: What do you think about Mr. Big
user2: One of the best parts is the DMV scene with the sloth
user2: I thought he was great!
user1: thats hilarious
user1: when manchas vanished it was shocking to watch
user2: Yeah. I mean toy story and wreck it ralph are some of my favorite movies
user2: It was!
user1: yeah i like animation movies a lot
user2: Yeah, I liked the direction it took here because it felt fresh
user1: when nich got upset because of judy during the press conference it felt sad
user1: nick
user2: Definitely. I also loved the donuts with the police officers.
user1: it sure was a comedy and adventure together
user2: Thought it depicted them as lazy and donut lovers
user2: oh yeah, I love movies like that
user1: never guessed that night howlers are actually toxic flowers
user2: Neither did I.
user2: I also liked that the movie was more about friendship than romantic interest
user1: judy and nick replaced the pellets in bellether's gun with blueberries. never guessed they would do that
user1: yes that's true
user2: Thank you! It was great talking to you.
user1: judy recording bellwether's confession was great
user1: it was great talking to you too. Have a great day! Bye

conversation:
user2: Are you a fan of Idris Elba?
user1: I am not too sure who that is
user2: He played the police chief in Zootopia. He was also the star of The Dark Tower.
user1: I haven't seen either of those. But I want to 
user1: Have you?
user2: I have seen both. The Dark Tower was alright. Zootopia was great. I loved the social commentary.
user2: Do you like animated films?
user1: I do 
user1: Frozen is one of my favorites
user2: Frozen was pretty good. I liked the animation and the story of Zootopia better. It wasn't bogged down by songs either
user1: what is zootopia aobut?
user2: It mainly focuses on Nick, a fox who's finding redemption. It's about friendship and accepting people for who they are.
user1: reminds me of the secret life of pets
user1: i loved that movie as well
user2: That one was good. It's similar. It's about a myriad of animals acting like people.
user1: oh I see
user1: what is your favorite film all time?
user2: The Princess Bride. How about you?
user1: i would have to go ith lotr
user1: with*
user2: Well, Zootopia is a bit different than either one of those movies, but I would highly recommend it to anyone.
user1: I must watch
user1: is it on netflix
user1: ?
user2: I don't know. It's streaming on one of those services. Have you read any of the reviews of Zootopia?
user1: not an entire review
user1: only snippets from a couple
user2: They all pretty much agree. It's funny, likable, good animation...
user1: what more could you ask for
user1: any other films it compares to?
user2: Secret Life of Pets would be the closest. As is with a lot of movies, it has a little twist at the end. I won't spoil it.
user1: youve got me on the edge of my seat
user1: who is your favorite director
user1: ?
user2: I'm a big fan of Christopher Nolan. Zootopia apparently had two directors which is odd.
user1: that is odd
user1: so i assume you have seen inception?
user2: I've seen it. I still don't get that movie. Zootopia is a lot simpler, obviously. It's made for children. But smart enough for adults.
user1: what do i do now

conversation:
user2: Doesnt sound like a good movie
user1: sounds a little too predictable and common
user2: Sounds like my child would like it maybe. I don't like animations much though
user2: Ratings I believe may be too high 98%
user1: rotten tomatoes doesn't line up with the other ratings
user2: I honestly dont ever trust reviews
user1: the critical response doesn't have any negatives
user2: Im trying to figure out what a anthropomorphic mammal is lol4

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: Hello
user1: The movie you should see is Zootopia
user2: What is zootopia about?
user1: Its about an optimistic rabbit that joins the Zootopia Police Department. While out she runs into a red fox that is also a small time con artist played by Jason Bateman. The movie follows their adventure Zootopia.
user2: that sounds really interesting. How does the movie end?
user2: would you watch it again?
user1: I would watch it again. I saw it in theaters so I am not positive on how it ends but i know that it ends with the Rabbit officer proving that she may be small but she wont be intimidated and will do her job to the best of her abilities.
user2: she sounds like a great officer.
user1: She was quite inspiring. 
user2: who plays all the voices in the movie?
user1: Ginnifer Goodwin is Officer Judy Hopps, Jason Bateman plays Nick Wilde, Idris Elba is Chief Bogo, and Jenny Slate is Dawn Bellwether.
user2: those are all great voices. Do you think this movie is okay for kids?
user1: I think it is a great movie for kids and adults alike.
user2: would you consider it to be a comedy?
user1: Yes.
user2: would you recommend it to your best friend?
user1: Yes.
user2: do you think that they will make a second movie of this?
user1: There is some potential for a second movie. But I am not sure what they would use for a premise. 
user2: thats very true, a sequal is easier said than done.
user1: They cannot try to use the little guy beats the big guy in the next one since the officer proved her self already.
user2: maybe a little guy can beat the officer
user2: like the rocket snail
user1: That could be true, but do we want to see a movie where the bad guy wins?
user2: true but than they could make a third movie where the officer learns how to defeat the guy eventually.
user1: I see your point. I fear that you may dissuade people from watching a third movie if they were put off from seeing the villain win in the second movie.
user1: It does open up the plot to a third movie but would rather see a cliffhanger than the enemy win.
user2: thats true! no one at the end of the day wants to see the enemy win.
user2: Do you think there was a hidden message in the movie?
user1: I think the message was to be patient and not judge people or in the movies case animals based on the stereotypes that you have gathered. 

conversation:
user1: Hi!  Can you tell me the title of the movie?
user2: the title is "zootopia"
user2: I feel like it is a play on "utopia" but with animals
user1: clever! that makes sense.  Real animals or animated?
user2: Animated :) It is a very cute movie!
user1: i haven't seen it. :)
user1: What's it about?
user2: It is about an optimistic rabbit from a small town who travels to "zootopia" to become a police officer (apparently something only larger animals usually become) She soon becomes the first bunny cop!
user1: Awww.  That does sound cute!  And some good messages too!
user2: Then she meets a fox who is a con artist but she ends up becoming friends with him as he helps her solve a case. It also has valuable messages such as how wrong it is to discriminate against others. :D
user2: Rotten Tomatoes rated it at 98%
user1: that's cool.  I like when there are morals to the story.
user2: I agree with their rating.
user2: Me too!
user1: Wow!  That's a high rating!
user1: That scored higher than Frozen!
user2: And animated movies these days are so realistic!
user2: I loved Frozen ~ have you seen BravE?
user1: Yes!! Loved it!
user1: If you loved those two and Zootopia, I might have to give it a try.
user1: Is Zootopia as good as Frozen and Brave?
user2: Hmm, I would say Brave was my favorite but that is just me personally :) Zootopia is definitely worth watching if you like animated movies
user1: I do. And I love the messages you mentioned - female empowerment, not prejudging 
user1: Appropriate for all ages?  i have children between the ages of 6 - 12
user2: Thank you & thank you for speaking with me! I hope you have a lovely day!
user1: You as well!  Enjoy your weekend!
user2: Yes definitely

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: Hi
user1: Have you seen Zootopia?
user2: No, what is it about?

conversation:
user1: Hey. 
user1: Zootopia! awesome pick
user2: I have to read it first ok 
user1: Sure
user2: so I think that the police officer and the con artist would be good  and the sheep and buffolo seems quite funny
user2: did you see this movie ?
user2: what did you like about it ?
user1: Yeah I did 
user2: you have to explain why you liked it ?
user1: It was good movie for the whole family, adults and kids too
user1: I liked the characters and they had a lot of humor that you wouldn't expect
user2: but you are not explaining WHY you liked it for ? they want more specifics ok
user1: I liked the main character Judy was a bunny that became a police officer in zootopia city. the setting was good with a lot of hidden messages to reality that we live in everyday
user1: It didn't have any down time where you were bored pretty fast paced 
user2: it seems like a very entertaining movie and it looks like the bad guy got caught by the bunny ha
user2: alot going on here want to read more ok
user2: so they make out the fox to be the conning bad guy as a character because foxes are supposed to be sly lol
user1: Yeah really if you haven't seen it is a good one the other main character is a fox 
user1: sneaky con artist type
user2: so Judy catches him because she records him and then black mails him and tells the IRS 
user1: yeah they become friends eventually there is other bad guys
user2: so Judy feels bad because she judged the fox and quits her job because of it 
user2: then they go to the asylum 
user1: yeah she was upset that nick was in trouble because of her
user2: and the mayor is a lion ?
user1: yeah he is funny too
user2: and the scientist tries to figure out what caused them to act that way and they find out that its caused from flowers wow
user2: it seems kind of confusing and a lot going on here lol
user1: yeah some kind of poisonous stuff
user2: that is really great that they put blueberries in the gun and Bellwether gets arrested yaaa 
user2: Judy does a lot of recording lol
user1: yeah nick taught her that lol
user2: and they introduce the ram called Doug who was hidden in the lab, very exciting movie to be sure ha
user1: yeah I watched it in theaters and my kids watch it regularly at home now
user2: so glad that it all ended well and the bad guy was arrested and they found out what was the reason behind the wolves getting crazy 
user2: I don't think that I watched it but just the previews ha
user2: it seems very suspenseful but yet funny for a cartoon show 
user1: yeah it keeps you interested 
user2: so did Judy every come back and become a cop ?
user1: yeah she does after she goes home and finds nick  and apologizes 
user2: that is great !
user2: it doesn't really say here 
user1: yeah they become partners in the end
user2: that is what it looks like so I guess that the lessen learned her is NOT to judge others soley by what you see on the outside but what is in the inside of a person
user2: Judy assumed that because they were wolves that they were just wild when the whole time they were being drugged
user1: yeah the wolves were great they howled a lot lol
user2: so I think that we are done here? are they going to just let us know ?
user2: I might just go and go and rent it sometime, even though I am an adult and don't have children I sometimes watch the cartoon movies if they are funny ha
user2: We have both done over 15 messages so what is going on ?
user1: Not sure maybe a timer?
user1: oh finish conversation, lol
user1: at the bottom
user2: ok I thought that we weren't supposed to hit that unless someone didn't come onto the conversation after 5 min
user2: so should we do it and hit finish ?

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hi
user2: Good rating
user1: thats always good.
user1: what's it about
user2: It's called Zootopia
user2: 98 rotten tomatoes 
user1: cool.  it's animated I'm sure?
user2: There's a lady rabbit 
user2: yes
user1: a comedy?
user2: she wants to become acop
user1: the rabbit?  
user2: yea I'd say so
user2: yes
user2: nobody thinks she can do it
user2: but she does
user1: sounds funny and interesting. I'd probably enjoy watching it.  
user2: and links up with a scamming fox
user1: of course!
user2: to bust the mayor
user2: It's really good!
user1: I bet.  My kids would love it I'm sure
user1: any cool twists and turns  mentioned?
user2: the mayor is trying to make the animals into savages
user2: and the rabbit and fox stop him
user1: so the rabbit and fox became friends?
user2: yes
user2: police partners
user2: nobody liked foxes
user1: fun, I need to check this out
user2: You should
user2: adults like it too
user1: who directed or made the movie, disney?
user2: Byron Howard, Rich Moore
user2: It is Disney
user1: Should be good then

conversation:
user2: This movie sounds really funny and interesting to me. What is your opinion?
user1: I thought this was a really cute movie.  As an adult, I enjoyed it, so I can just imagine how much kids liked it.
user1: I liked how they didn't change way nature is
user2: I actually brought my daughter to go see the movie and then we just had to get it on DVD of course, she loved the names of all the animals and thought it was so funny that animals were talking!
user2: I also loved the way they showed nature it looked so realistic and nice!
user1: I love animal movies..
user2: Me too! I love animation movies and I think they took a lot of time making this movie but they did a really good job on it all together and it was worth the movie ticket for sure
user1: Just like how you can imagine the squirrels talk to each other by chittering, makes me wonder what they're really saying
user2: I dont remember if there are squirrels in the movie but my favorite character personally was the sheep who was the assistant mayor 
user1: I meant animals in general having conversations. But I loved office judy hopps
user1: I enjoyed the adult humor along with with kid humor...
user1: i also liked how forceful Judy was inthe whole blackmail scene..lol

conversation:
user2: hello is anybody there?
user1: Yes, hello.
user2: i don't seem to have a document - do you know what the movie is?
user1: It is Zootopia.
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: I remember that - yes I saw it a year or two ago
user1: I supposed to convince you to see it, but since you already have I am not sure what we are to do now.
user2: maybe you could convince me to watch it online again for free :-)
user1: :) I'll try!  My family had mixed feelings about it.
user2: well, I thought it was fun.
user1: I did too.  It was not what I expected.  We thought the scene with the sloth character was fun.
user1: I guess if you liked it and have nothing better to watch, you should give it another shot.  It is funny, but can be kind of intense for younger viewers when Judy and Nick discover what is going on.  Did that convince you?
user2: Oh yes, that was great. The main character was a bunny who is not taken seriously. What sort of mixed feelings did you have?
user1: My kids found it scary when the animals turned wild.
user2: I had not thought about the kids feelings - I'm 72 & went by myself.
user2: But judy eventually is hero & everybody that didn't think she could do it was wrong - if only life were so simple.
user1: What made you want to see it?
user1: I haven't received anymore documents to discuss.  Have you?
user2: At that time, we had a 50-cent movie theater on tuesdays, & I sometimes managed to go to 2 of them - anything without zombies was fine. Now they are $5, so I don't go as much.  I have no idea how we get to the end of this.
user2: I didn't get any document at all.
user1: It said something about getting a new document after we completed for rounds of conversation.  Maybe we are not discussing it correctly?
user2: we've been at it for 15 minutes & instructions were very confusing - would like the $2 - do you think we should push the abort or something?
user1: I'm wondering the same thing.  Do you to try and act like you don't know anything about the movie for a couple of rounds and see if that gets us a new document.  I will give you the movie synopsis like I see it.
user1: Wait, the document just changed but it is the same movie.  I'm as confused as you.
user2: i don't know - the finish button doesn't work - I could have been doing something that paid - let's give up.  Bye!

conversation:
user1: tHIS SOUNDS LIKE A FUN MOVIE!
user2: Hello, yes I liked it a lot
user2: My kids watch it all the time.
user1: Judy Hopps from rural Bunnyburrow gets to become a police officer and fulfill her childhood dream
user1: Bunnyburrow what a fun name
user1: my grandchildren have watched this movie
user1: they liked it 
user2: Yeah my kids watch it before bed a lot of times its always a good pick
user1: seems like it teaches to not sterotype
user2: And its good enough to keep adults interested too for being a kids movie
user1: Chief Bogo doubts her ability because she is a rabbit
user1: even though she was the academy valedictorian
user1: we need to respond 12 times
user2: Yeah the chief was funny I enjoyed his character
user1: seems like the ratings on this are good
user1: Judy blackmails Nick with her carrot pen
user1: Genre is Comedy, Adventure animation
user1: I think thats fitting
user2: Yeah for sure
user1: i think i have responded 13 times
user2: funny smart and thought-provoking is pretty on point
user1: state of the art animation
user2: oh you have to respond a certain amount of times?
user1: Jason Bateman plays Nick Wilde, a red fox who is a small time con artist.
user1: yes 12
user1: or they say you wont get paid
user2: oh ok
user1: Manchas was captured by wolves
user1: Judy calls them the night howlers
user2: Yeah howlers were bad
user2: Nick was a con artist lol
user1: tyes, I read that

conversation:
user1: Hi. What did you think about this movie?
user2: I didn't really like Zootopia, specifically because the message about stereotypes confused me. 
user1: I thought the message was confusing too. Why did it confuse you?
user2: It was confusing because it seemed like the stereotypes were based on what was actually true about animals. Lions are carnivores and that's normal.
user1: Hmm that's a good point. I think relating racism to animals doesn't really work because the animals react out of justified fear. If i saw a lion on the subway I would also be scared
user1: It works in that world but comparing it to real world racism makes it messy.
user2: Haha yes, I agree. I also thought the relationship between Judy and Nick raised some questions for me. But again,  I suppose since this is for younger viewers, they wouldn't think too much about it. 
user2: Do you like animated movies?
user1: Yeah, young kids won't think much on it. However, if a kid were to ask questions about it I think it would be good to have a conversation about it. Animals act because it's in their nature but humans build rules and concepts off of what they know and learn.
user1: I do like animated movies!
user2: Do you think this one was good enough to receive a 98% on Rotten Tomatoes, compared to other animated movies?
user1: I think so. If 98% of the people who view your film like it then you did your job as a movie maker.
user2: In the scene where Otterton went "savage," a friend of mine believes the savage state in this universe of Zootopia isn't the natural one. What do you think?
user1: What do you mean by the natural one?
user2: That in real life animals are predators, but in Zootopia, the savage thing is like a sickness. Like a flu or something.
user1: Oh that's interesting. I dont know what to think to be honest. The savage thing was used as a story element to further the plot along. However if an animal in real life were pushed to the brink it would react the same way.
user1: Actually it is kind of strange. The movie says that animals evolve out of savagery but that could also be another allegory for racist myths.
user2: Yes, but then in this movie they really did seem to evolve from real savagery, and not just perceived savagery. What do you think about Nick being bullied for being a predator? 
user1: It made me sad. But I think the scene was real  done. And a kid who is bullied would watch it and relate more to Nick.
user1: Showcasing the bullying and microaggressions the animals face building up to tension and fallout between Judy and Nick is a nice example of how actions and words can affect people.
user2: That's interesting. Well, what about when Judy says at the press conference that the attacks are happening because of the predators. How did you feel about that scene? I didn't like it, If the whole racism allegory was still in play, I don't think Nick should've ever forgiven her for a thing like that. 
user1: It made me mad but it's realistic. Judy, being the one in power, reduces the savagery issue to it being "biology." Even though the predators worked to undo that animals in power can undo all of that with ignorant statements.
user1: It is a Disney movie. I agree Nick shouldn't have forgiven Judy but the movie teaches forgiveness by having Nick look past that.
user2: I see. Well, on the lighter side -- I really liked Jason Bateman as Nick! I l think he brought a lot of spunk to that character.
user1: They're friends but there's a clear power imbalance between the two of them. Nick is with Judy because she blackmails him.
user1: Yes, the actors were great! I liked the chubby white tiger.
user2: Yes! Yeah I was thinking about the blackmail. It was odd because I can't understand what the message for kids is!? Manipulate people into doing what you want?
user1: The cops will be your friends whether you want them to or not.
user2: Well that's terrifying! How about the scene where Doug is making drugs in the laboratory. Did you like that scene?
user1: Yeah I found the image of a sheep making drugs to be funny. 
user1: It's a nice hint, too. The sheep - or the prey - were the bad guys all along.
user2: Yeah, if I recall, I think it was kind of similar to Breaking Bad. I also really liked the doublecross scene where the gun was filled with blue berries. We got to see some hilarious acting on Nick's part.
user1: True! Nice turn of events.
user1: I like the animation. The sheep fur being bouncy was cool.
user2: I guess the Bellwhether character being the bad guy was a kind of reversal of expectations. She was a lamb. So the sheep and lambs are usually innocent, but in this movie they defied expectations.
user1: Yeah they use audience expectations against you. A sheep in sheep's clothing.
user1: Even when I saw Doug in the lab it still didn't occur to me the other sheep would be the bad guy.
user2: Yep. Do you think this movie would have worked without the anthropomorphic animals? Like, if they were just humans?
user1: That would be a very different movie if they relied on the "savagery is biological" thought. I don't think Disney would have made that movie.
user2: Haha, no way. But maybe they should just be overt about the message instead of all these confusing comparisons. Okay, well, anything else you want to add?
user1: Well, I think the movie does a good job of relaying the whole "racism is bad" message to a young audience. Kids who grow up knowing there's injustice won't be so ignorant and will want to help.
user2: I don't think so. To me, it won't work at all. Because if they're going to get the message, they'll also get the message that people are biologically different unless they're on some type of serum! 

conversation:
user2: I think Zootopia would be a great family movie to watch with the kids.
user1: Oh really? Why is that? Is it fun and carefree?
user2: Yeah, looks like it would be cute. A bunny (Judy Hopps) has always wanted to be a police office, and was valedictorian of her class. She got stuck with parking duty instead. 
user2: First day on the job she got hustled by a con artist. 
user2: The reviews are great! It's so hard to find good movies for adults and kids.
user1: Does she eventually succeed? Does it teach children about perserverence?
user1: Are there fun jokes mixed in for adults?
user2: I haven't seen it yet so I'm not honestly sure. 
user1: Well, I'm sure it has a happy ending if the reviews are very good. Do you know who voices the characters?
user2: But from what I understand it has a great lesson about not judging people and stereotypes. 
user1: THat is a very good lesson for everyone to learn
user2: Officer Judy Hopps is Ginnifer Goodwin. 
user1: Oh, I enjoy her other works. I'm sure she did a good job here too. Are there other main characters?
user2: Jason Bateman is Nick, the con fox. 
user1: Do they provide his backstory as to why he's a con?
user2: Idris Elba and Jenny Slate are also in it. I'm not familiar with them. 
user1: Neither am I. Perhaps it will be their big break
user2: He was bullied as a kid and and stereotyped for being a con because he was a fox. 
user1: Ah, so it plays into the stereotype theme.
user1: Do you know what studio produces this film?
user2: In the end Judy and Nick get close, and she asks him to join her as her partner. 
user2: For work. 
user1: What a wonderful happy ending
user1: Does that mean she is a full cop?
user2: Bryon Howard and  Rich Moore directed the movie. 
user1: I haven't heard of them. Which studio?
user2: Yeah, I think she gets out of parking duty. 
user2: I don't know which studio.
user1: Good it will teach children that hard work pays off
user1: When is the movie out?
user2: The animation is supposed to be great. It came out in 2016.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hello. What did you think of Zootopia?
user1: It sounds like a very interesting movie, I really like that they used anthropomorphic animals.
user2: Yes! The anthropomorphic animals were very interesting. The movement and quality of the movie was fabulous.
user1: I really like the message of looking past stereotypes, it was a great was to present how prejudice and assumptions can hurt others.
user2: Definitely, I was very impressed. Though it was a children's comedy, the movie had large themes and important points. Stereotypes are harmful and can drive people to extremes like what happened in the movie.
user1: Yes, definitely. The characters were very relate able and the story line was really engaging. 
user2: Did you have a favorite moment from the movie?
user1: I'm not sure if I have a favorite moment, but I really enjoyed watching Nick's character development through the movie. What about you, do you have a favorite moment?
user2: Nick's character really did develop. I think my favorite moment is when Judy is assigned to give out tickets and she tickets hundreds of cars. 
user1: Yes, I liked that she did the best she could even thought the job sucked and she did a crazy good job. Do you generally like this type of movie? 
user2: Yes, I think that movies that provoke thought are great. Talking about our society as a whole is important. Like in key scene number one where they are calling certain animals bad names. It is important to think about what we are saying to others. What about you, do you generally like this type of movie?
user1: Yes, I really enjoy animated movies and shows in general. I know that Zootopia was really highly rated by critics, do you usually pay attention to that before watching a movie?
user2: Animated movies and shows are great. I sometimes do pay attention. It depends. If I really want to watch a movie, I will not care too much. However, if I am going in theatres or to pay for a movie, I like researching it.
user2: What about you?
user1: Pretty much the same haha. If it's a genre I'm really into then I don't usually care what the ratings are. The animation and music was really good in this one too. I can't really think of any part of it I didn't enjoy.
user2: The only thing is that I thought it did get a little dark at times. It was amazing quality. Did you agree with the Rotten Tomatoes score? I would say it was accurate.
user1: Yeah it did get a little dark, my kids got scared a few times but they are 3 and 5. I think it's a pretty awesome rating, like almost perfect. It got pretty tense after Judy had the press conference.
user2: I could definitely see how they would get scared. It was intense. It really made you care about the characters.
user1: Yeah I agree. I think one downside for me was it started to get long for my kids, I think it was little long for younger kids.
user2: I could see that. The plot got kind of complicated and a little drawn out.
user1: Yes it did get complicated, which was great for older kids and adults. I like that they put so much detail into it but wish it was a little shorter.
user1: I need a little recording carrot pen like Judy had.
user2: That's true. It a good thing to have a lot of detail. I loved that carrot pen! It was hilarious. Very convenient.
user1: It was, I think it would be handy to have in real life. How do you think the voice actors did?
user2: I think the voice actors did a great job. Everyone had a distinct tone and expressed themselves very well. It adds a lot to a movie when the voice actors are so committed as they were in Zootopia. What did you think?
user1: I think they did really great as well, each character sounded very unique and easy to recognize. The ending was a really good plot twist too.
user1: I did not suspect the sheep was behind it.
user2: I had a theory that she could have been behind it. She was acting so sweet, but I got that it was a little fake. Again, the actors were great. I really enjoyed Nick's acting.
user1: Me too, they did a really great job in the art of each animal too. It was very cool the size differences you'd see.
user1: Okay we can finish the conversation now! Thanks, it's been fun!
user2: Thank you! Have a good one! 

conversation:
user2: Hai
user1: hi

conversation:
user2: `Hello, I am interested in seeing a movie. 
user1: You should watch Zootopia, it's about an anthropomorphic bunny who is a police officer.
user2: That sounds interesting! Is it an animated movie?
user1: Yes it is animated. Critics say that the animation is state of the art.
user2: What is the main plot of the movie?
user1: A bunny from a rural area follows her dream of becoming a police officer in a big city. She gets tricked by a con artist.
user2: That sounds like it is full of action!
user1: Yes, it's fast paced and entertaining.
user2: Would you say that it is directed towards an adult audience or children?
user1: It's geared toward kids since it's animated but adults will find it thoughtful and funny as well.
user2: How does the con artist trick her?
user1: The con artist hustles her. He is a fox.
user2: Are there any other interesting villains?
user1: Yes, there is a crime boss named Mr. Big.
user2: What kind of animal is Mr. Big? Is he as big as his name implies?
user1: I do not have that information.
user2: Are the Fox and Mr. Big in league with one another?
user1: The fox sees to be on the bunny's side against Mr. Big.
user2: Do the bunny and fox succeed in the end? 
user1: Well, there is a  complication, and the bunny upsets the fox. She quits her job.
user2: Have you seen the movie yourself yet? 
user1: No, I have't seen it, but it sounds funny and smart. Do you like animated movies?
user2: Yes, I do. This sounds like a very good movie. I will be sure to go see it. 
user1: Great! An interesting part is a prey-supremacy conspiracy the bunny discovers.
user2: That sounds like it could definitely disrupt the bunny's alliance with the fox. 
user1: Yes, it does create a problem where the fox is set up to harm the bunny. But the bunny saves them both.
user2: Who sets them up?
user1: The corrupt new mayor who seized power, Bellwether.
user2: It sounds like the bunny has a lot of bad guys to take down!
user1: Yes, she faces many challenges! Do you like movies about animals?
user2: Thanks for the conversation! I'm off to watch that movie right now! Have a good rest of your day!

conversation:
user2: Hi it looks like this movie got a 8/10 on rotten tomatoes do you user rotten tomatoes to review a movie before you see it?
user1: I do use rotten tomatoes. 8/10 is a good score
user2: i don't either i think it takes away from liking it just because you like it. this is animation movie do you enjoy them?
user1: I do not like animation movies. What is the movie called
user2: Zootopia it a movie about a rabbit and inclusive  
user1: Okay, have you seen it?
user2: yes i have with the kids. it is about a bunny how does fit as a typical police officer but she doesn't give up
user2: who*
user1: Sounds like a good family movie.
user2: yea it's goal was to address stereotypes it was a good comedy with a message
user1: That sounds good. I like comedies 
user2: me to. comedy is a great stress reliever.  this movie  was wonderful for the kids 
user1: Awesome, I think I will see it 
user2: that's cool i think i am suppose to go over the new information i got from zootopia were you giving a page to go over information? stuff like how the kind animals turn in rabid animals
user1: I don't have any info
user2: ah okay well do you have any question about the movie. it was also about anti bullying
user1: How was it anti-bullying?
user2: there was fox in the movie who was bullied because he wasnt  good enough and he helped the bunny officer realize that you can't assume  that a fox or any animal is just one thing
user1: Oh, that's a good message for kids. 
user2: at first the fox is seen as sneaky and undermined but after a time the bunny realized that circumstance help foster bad behavior
user1: Okay, nice
user2: the foxes name was nick and the bunny was named  judy. do you have any other thought about it :/ i am running out of things
user1: I'm not sure how to finish the conversation. I don't have anything really. How old are your kids? What age group is this movie good for
user2: they are 13, 14 but it is is for kids 5 to 13. yea i am not sure either  i guess we keep talking until the finish conversion section is no longer gray 
user1: Okay
user2: let me see what else is added to the article. nick was a fox in the ranger scouts 
user1: Okay, that's interesting
user2: they caller there police dept ZPD  i guess zootopia is the first letter 
user1: Okay that makes sense..
user2: in it the animals that went savage we all normal  so it could be a calm bear and then it get super sized and angery

conversation:
user1: Hello, whats the movie.
user1: Zootopia?  Cool.
user2: Zootopia
user1: Well, that's all.
user2: I liked the movie, what about you
user1: Haven't seen it.
user2: It's obviously a child's movie, but it's pretty deep in meaning
user1: Coo
user2: It has pretty good reviews, 98% on rotten tomatoes
user1: 98%s good.
user1: I remember when IMDB was worthy
user2: What's your method for choosing movies, word of mouth, or do you look into reviews and such?
user1: Both
user1: You?
user2: Yeah pretty much the same, I typically don't watch very many movies though.
user1: Well, they said you need to not act normally so WBAOAHAMAO
user1: I think Judy Hopps is a great actress.
user1: Jenny Slate is poor in judgement.
user2: Yeah me too, I love her voice
user1: Wilde and Finnick is nasty.
user1: Comedy in 2016 is bunk.
user2: Do you generally watch movies of this genre? 
user1: No, they are stupid.
user2: Oh, alright, fair enough.
user1: Byron Howard is a bitch.
user1: Rotten Tomatoes is cool, though.
user2: Do you think the ratings are fair then?
user1: I'll get you to pop..
user1: Sure do.
user1: Assistant mayor of Zootopia.
user2: Yeah me too, 98% is really high, but I think it's above 90% for sure.
user1: Speaking of sheep, whats that one with the bad sheep in it..
user1: Its like, someone whos a sheep but with a guy.
user2: I'm not sure, do you like the overall art style of the movie?
user1: I'm not sure about that but did you know Zootopia.
user1: May you can check online but well thats it.
user2: Did I know about it? Yes I've seen it before.
user1: I like this stupid thing because its stupid.
user1: Do you like movies of stupid thing,
user1: Do you generally watch movies with (good/bad) ratings? 
user2: Do you think the idea of a rabbit being a police officer is a good one? I think it's pretty unique
user2: Yeah I do typically.

conversation:
user2: Did you like Zootopia?
user1: Yes, you?
user2: I only watched it because of my children, but I did find it entertaining.
user1: Same here, Grandson seems to like it a lot. It has a good message behind it. So i don't mind him watching it. 
user2: Any favorite characters? I would say mine was Nick, the fox, because he presented with important ideas of moral transformation. 
user1: I like Chief Bogo and Judy 
user2: Why would you choose them?
user1: Bogo because he seems to stuggle with his issues of Judy being a rabbit and having to get over that
user1: Judy because she seems to just never give up
user1: Bogo seems to bash her and push her at the same time, if that makes sense. 
user1: What did you get most out of the story?
user2: When watching the movie with your grandchildren, did you find the need to explain to them the characters or any of the scenes? My kids are older, so really didn't need much explaining. They however thought the naked scene was hilarious, because in their words, how can animals be naked and yet still seem as a racy scene?
user1: My grandson is a bit younger 3, so he don't quite get all that yet, tho i did die laughing at that part. He does make comments about stuff like that. Why does one have on pants and another don't. 
user1: How do you feel about the movie pointing out Judy's use of Blackmail?
user2: What did I get out of the story? Well, for me it showed me that no matter the situation in life; you never give up. That if you go for what you want in life, it is gonna take hard work and perseverance, and of course... never give up.
user1: I agree, never giving up is the main thing i also got out of it. 
user2: Well, to blackmail period is wrong... but I feel as if Judy used to gain some advantage, considering her stature. 
user1: i agree, i also feel it was more in the end "teamwork" than blackmail 
user1: i think the movie shows just how judgmental people can actually be, when you show it as a cartoon its kinda spooky
user2: I think cartoon form, tends to be easier to explain to children; it is more their level.
user2: I think that this movie also touched a bit on racism.
user1: I agree, if they messed with him for being a "fox" that kinda stands out to me
user2: Zootopia was give a 98%  by Rotten Tomatoes, do you agree with that rating?
user1: I think most cartoons get high marks, i don't think it ranks a 98%, do you?
user2: But the racism reaches Judy as well, and maybe even some sexism. She is a small female non-predator race... All that is what is holding her back from her dreams. Which eventually she overcomes by showing her capabilities, but how many people are actually given the opportunity in life to do such a thing? I know it is just a cartoon, but it has a bit of reality in it as well.
user2: I think most Disney movies score pretty high, well over a 90%.
user1: I think it was a good movie but not a GREAT movie
user2: What do you think would have made it great?
user1: I really not sure, i'm not a cartoon person i guess. 
user1: How did you like the ending?
user2: It was a "happy ending", who doesn't love a happy ending?
user2: Judy got what she wanted, wasn't that the point of the movie?
user1: True, she did. And proved she could do the job. 

conversation:
user1: hi there..
user2: Hi
user2: I am not sure about that but did you know
user2: Are you in online
user1: its very entertaining and comical movie
user2: sd
user2: Oh yes
user2: Do you like movies
user1: Ya i really like this
user1: and u??
user2: Yes! 98% and average: 8/10IMDB: 8/1
user2: Director Byron Howard,Rich Moore I love him
user2: You
user1: Me also love and like this
user2: Key Scenes After determining Nick was a suspect seen in Otterton's last known sighting, Judyblackmails him into assisting her by covertly recording his confession to tax evasionwith her carrot pen.
user2: You like it.
user2: before the attack. Moments later, Manchas himself turns savage and chasesthe pair. Judy saves Nick by trapping Manchas and calls the ZPD for help, but whenthey arrive
user2: Key Scenes is very good you like it.
user1: Yes..sure Its was very adorable
user2: I agree with you
user2: Judy learns from Nick thathe was bullied as a child when he tried to join the Ranger Scouts, who stereotyped himas untrustworthy for being a fox.
user2: Cast Ginnifer Goodwin as Officer Judy Hopps, an optimistic rabbit from Bunnyburrow who is anewly appointed member of the Zootopia Police Department assigned to the 1st Precinct. Jason Bateman as Nick Wilde, a red fox who is a small-time con artist. 
user2: I like it you!
user2: Do you agree with the rating of the movie? 
user1: Yes.. Really like that and jasom batemon act was very nice
user1: i agree the rating... its was a superb movie
user2: Yes Cool. I like it.
user2: Key Scenes
user1: like i said its a family movie can be for an adult or kid
user2: Ult
user2: You are right
user2: What other movies has he acted in?
user1: Yes.. he was many movies acted
user2: Cast
user1: This is very entertaining and comedy movie..
user2: Yes!
user1: me and my friends go and watch this movies...Really enjoyed this
user2: Wow nice
user2: The performance of <actor> was <critical response stellar, bad
user1: The Director thinking is very creativity.. its next level of this movie\
user2: Yes you are right.
user2: I agree with you
user1: Over all performence is very good in this movie
user2: Right
user2: Thanks for your valuable time
user1: Its my pleasure..thank you so much

conversation:
user2: hi there
user1: Hi
user2: I see this film was highly rated on rotten tomatoes with a 98%
user1: I see that.  Rotten Tomatoes is relatively reliable so it must be good
user1: The movie is about a rabbit who is a cop
user2: Yes, I thought the plot was pretty creative.
user2: Do you typically like watching animated movies?
user1: Yes I watch too may because I have small children
user1: I agree with the response that it is funny, smart and thought provoking
user1: That is not usual for animated movies 
user2: That is a good description of this film
user2: What did you think of the voice acting
user2: I know some of those names like Jason Bateman and Idris Elba, but don't recognize many others
user1: I only recognize Jason Bateman
user1: I am surprised it was made in 2016
user1: I thought it was a much older movie
user2: I agree.  I would of thought it was from 2015 or so.
user2: I wonder if Byron Howard and Rich Moore have done any other films.
user1: I'm sure.  It's a google search later.
user1: The night howlers diversion in the film was clever
user1: I read somewhere that night howlers are actually real.
user2: I wouldn't doubt it.
user1: They are some type of poisonous flower
user2: I liked the Fox characters overall story.  Being a con artist and being a bullied child.  Really rich character
user1: The movie models much of what kids face today...bullying, insecurities etc.
user1: defintely
user2: Thats a good point.  Kids can relate to it
user2: I was a bit surprised by the ending
user1: Bellwether...the little lamb
user1: nice diversion
user1: Gun with blueberries...i mean a gun is gun regardless of what you put in it
user2: Ya, the movie lead you to believe otherwise
user2: The way they adapted the real world into the animal world was pretty amazing
user2: very creative
user1: I guess it's the theme...don't judge a book by it's cover
user2: That seems to be a popular theme.
user1: the fox is sweet, the lamb is the villian, the bunny is the strongest.  Played on stereotupes

conversation:
user1: Hello there!
user2: Hello. How are you?
user1: I'm doing quite well, how are you doing today?
user2: Doing great, thank you.
user1: Heard about any movies lately?
user2: So I believe we should talk about the movie.
user2: Well, a few actually.
user2: Most movies I watched are from Netflix.
user1: What's the one we should talk about?
user2: Zootopia
user2: Have you watched it yet?
user1: What's that about?
user2: Oh okay
user1: Is it a good movie?
user2: Yep. It's about an unlikely alliance between a rabbit girl and a fox guy.
user1: That seems like it would be funny
user2: Yes, it is.
user1: What else can you tell me about it? Without giving away the ending please!
user2: At first, it's a rocky start because the rabbit girl is a cop.
user2: And the fox? He's a con artist.
user2: Oh, of course.
user1: A rabbit cop? That's silly! 
user2: Yeah, but she's determined.
user1: But of course the fox would be a con artist! 
user2: Even one animal can make a difference.
user1: I like that as a catch phrase.
user2: So based on the movie, it's all about animals in clothes, like us people.
user1: Huh. That's pretty cool! 
user2: The female rabbit cop first time in the job was just about parking and parking meters.
user1: Sounds like a rough day for sure.
user2: Indeed. However, some turn of events, this unlikely heroine takes the case of a mystery that good manner predators. Like a polar bear, a sea otter or a panther are acting savage.
user1: Wow! That's some turn of events! 
user1: Is this a children's movie?
user2: Yep
user1: Do you think it's funny for adults too?
user2: Yes, it is.
user2: It includes the mafia.
user1: What kind of animal is in the mafia?
user2: Possum
user2: ;)
user1: That sounds adorable actually. I'm just picturing a possum in a zoot suit. Haha
user1: Is it a disney film?
user2: Yes, it is.
user1: That's cool. What else can you tell me about it?
user2: Okay, what else? What else? Oh, there's a good story about this con artist fox.
user1: Is he a bad guy?
user1: With the mafia?
user2: Not always. At first, he really act sneaking against tricking the female rabbit cop.
user1: Oh so that's how they meet!
user2: No, not really. Just tricking her about ice cream.
user2: It's a biggest ice cream for elephants.
user2: In truth, the little elephant was in disgusted by the con artist's boss to sell up one giant ice cream into several tiny ones for profit.
user2: -_-
user1: That sounds funny actually. 
user2: Uh-huh.
user1: And is kind of brilliant!
user2: Yeah, it is.
user2: It gets even more interesting.
user1: Oh?
user2: He is involved with many schemes. Like knowing a weasel, getting in trouble with the mafia, and "teaming up" with the female rabbit cop on the mystery she was working on.
user1: I think I'm going to have to rent this movie and check it out! It sounds really funny.
user2: It is. They "worked together" to gain leads on this mystery.
user2: And it's also very touching too.
user2: Like I said, the con artist isn't a bad guy. Not always. You'll see. ;)
user2: Oh, yeah. And what's also funny?
user1: What's that?
user2: He knows a sloth that works very slow.
user2: Informative, but slow.
user1: I love sloths!! I have to see this movie!
user1: Thanks for telling me about it!
user2: You're going to love it, I bought the movie myself. Because I love animals, mainly.
user2: Good bye
user2: And you're welcome
user2: Good night

conversation:
user2: Hello, what do you think about the information provided regarding the film?
user1: I thought the Hopps character is really cute
user1: I think the it's informative on the film and characters
user2: What do you like about Hopps?
user1: She doesn't give up. She a tough character 
user1: Do you agree with the critics?
user2: From what I know about the film, which is only the information provided, I would say yes I agree]
user2: Do you?
user1: I agree with them as well
user1: do you like watching animated films like this one?
user2: I do, but I haven't watched too many recently.
user2: What about you?
user1: Yes I do. Did you love Judy's adorable carrot pen? I thought it was so cute
user1: who knew it could record too
user2: I know, that was very interesting and in turn, very helpful for her
user2: Were there any other characters you really enjoyed from the film?
user1: I like all the characters. 
user1: They selected great actors to voice them
user1: who's your favorite character?
user2: I think Judy has to be my favorite
user2: Is she your favorite as well?
user1: oh yes she is
user2: Is there a character you dislike?
user1: can't say there is
user2: I feel the same
user1: what's your favorite scene in the movie?
user2: Key Scene Number 3 sounds the best
user2: What is yours?
user1: i enjoyed the scene with the carrot pen
user1: my document has disappeared..
user2: It disappeared? 
user2: Mine has not, that is very odd
user2: Does that mean that is the end of our conversation or do you believe there is a technical issue?

conversation:
user2: Hi, I love Zootopia! Do you like Judy/
user1: I love "Zootopia" as well! Judy is a very entertaining character. I found it to be one of the best made animated movies ever!
user2: Why do you think Judy wants to be a police officer?
user1: It's probably been a long term dream for her to bring extra happiness to the world.
user2: Yeah happiness for others might be it. Do you think Judy is too happy?
user1: No she's not too happy for her world. You can never be too happy in that world. You can only make others happier!
user2: Yeah that is true. Why do you think they made the foxes thieves?
user1: Foxes are known for being sly and intelligent. I would guess they're trying to show that their cunning can be used for good as well as bad.
user2: Ha ha that's true. What about the mayor as a sheep?
user1: That's a good one. I guess the mayor just isn't very creative or unique. He just follows what those on the city council want. That's why it takes Judy, the lowly meter maid, to spark all of this action!
user2: Did the Night Howlers creep you out?
user1: Well I love horror movies and scary stuff so I found them pretty cool. I could imagine how they might scare little kids though.
user2: Yeah my daughter got scared a bit. What about Judy blackmailing Nick? She's so good, why did she resort to that?
user1: I guess sometimes the good guys do need to resort to slightly underhanded tactics in order to get the best results. As long as you're doing it for the right purposes it's not wrong.
user2: True! How do you think Nick being bullied affected him later in life?
user1: I think it caused some type of confusion for Nick so he didn't really properly understand right and wrong and it led to him trying to play games and get around the law.
user2: Yeah, that's probably right! Why did Manchas turn savage? I don't get that part.
user1: Manchester caught a disease of some sort from Otterton causing him to turn to the bad life that Otterton had inflicted on him. I guess it's supposed to parallel to the communicability of diseases.
user2: Oh, okay! Did you think it was well animated?
user1: Yes the animation was amazingly well done and the voices fit all of the characters perfectly! It was one of the best animated movies that I've seen in a long time.
user2: They mayor is corrupt in Zootopia, do you think that parallels real life?
user1: Well I'm not sure that it parallels any specific city or mayor but there are very often allegations of mayors or other high ranking officials accepting (or just being) offered bribes. So in a way I guess it does mirror reality even if not a specific reality.
user2: Do you thin that Weaselton is a bit too much as a thief?
user1: No I like the idea of him being a weasel as a thief. It seems logical and made me chuckle a bit.
user2: Yes, true! What do you think the drug they were making was for?
user1: Probably to keep the general population in line so they stay blind to what's really going on behind the scenes. Another nod to reality.
user2: Yes, true! Who is your favorite character?
user1: I loved Judy's boss Chief Bogo. He was so serious in his scenes. It was just hilarious!
user2: Yes, he was great! See you later!
user1: Bye!

conversation:
user2: Where's the document
user1: I have the document. We are chatting about Zootopia. Have you seen it?
user2: What is the name of the movie?
user1: Zootopia
user2: Zootopia? No I have not heard about it nor have I seen it
user2: Have you seen it?
user1: I have seen it multiple times, and I love it. It is about overcoming stereotypes.
user2: What kind of stereotypes?
user1: In the movie, they talk about stereotypes of different animals. For instance, the stereotype that carnivores eat herbivores because that's their nature. The characters avoid using species-ist language and assumptions.
user2: interesting. What year did this movie come out?
user1: 2016. It's pretty recent. How could you not have heard of it before?
user2: maybe i have heard about it. i just do not recall :)
user2: What actors are in it?
user1: It has Ginnifer Goodwin, Jason Bateman, Idris Elba, and Jenny Slate. Do you like any of those actors? I personally like Ginnifer Goodwin.
user2: Jennifer Goodwin I have heard about I just could not put a face on her. Idris Elba I know also
user2: What genre do you think this movie is? 
user1: It's an animated film, but I'd say comedy and adventure.
user2: Oh it's an animation.
user2: Do you think I should watch it?
user1: I definitely think you should watch it! It is very thought-provoking and has a good story line. It is about a rabbit who becomes a police officer. The chief doesn't believe she can do it even though she was valedictorian of her class, and she is put on parking duty.
user2: hahahha nice. It's just that when I think of animation I think of cartoons.
user2: What kind of ratings do you think it got 
user1: It had a 98% on Rotten Tomatoes. I am not surprised. The movie also has some action scenes where the rabbit (Judy) blackmails a fox (Nick) into helping her to track down Otterton. This sets off an exciting chain of events where they eventually arrest the mayor of the city.
user2: 98% that is very very high. Hahah interesting story scenes for a animated movie.
user2: Do you think this movie is for kids or adults?
user1: I really liked it because of the message behind it, but it is a great movie for kids as well. It is fast-paced and funny.
user2: is it PG, PG 13?
user1: I actually don't know, but it's good for kids, so I'd guess it is G or PG. Do you have a child who may be interested in it?
user2: I think my 5 year old niece would be interested. I could take her if she could sit still for the whole movie :)
user2: Did Pixar made this movie?
user1: It really has a great message. In the movie, the predator animals go savage, and Judy suggests a biological cause for the savage behavior. But Nick gets upset because he is a predator.
user2: So there is a Rabbit , what other animals portray the characters?
user1: But she redeems herself when she learns that someone was actually just shooting a drug made from toxic flowers at predators with a dart gun.
user1: There are several animals...
user1: a fox, buffalo, sheep
user1: That's the whole point of the movie. There are several animals of different species, and they are trying to show that stereotypes are wrong.
user2: interesting. Does the movie have a happy ending?
user1: For example, the fox was stereotyped as untrustworthy as a child, but he shows that he isn't.
user1: Yes. The villain, a sheep named Bellwether, is arrested for being the mastermind behind the drug that causes the animals to go savage.
user1: Judy records her confession when she threatens to frame Nick and Judy for the attacks.

conversation:
user1: Hello
user1: Would you be able to tell me the name of the movie?
user2: The movie is Zootopia
user1: Oh cool
user1: Could you tell me the basic plot?
user2: It is about a world populated with anthropomorphic mammals. The main character is a bunny who dreams about becoming a police officer in ubran Zootopia. She excels the academy but is doubted for her abilities as she is only a small rabbit, and is appointed parking duty. On her first day of the job she is met and hustled by a fox who is con artist
user1: Oh okay cool!
user1: Are we supposed to talk about another movie now?
user2: I was instructed that we continue to discuss Zootopia 
user1: oh ok
user1: so then what happens to the bunny after she gets hustled?

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: hello
user1: do you like the movie?
user2: yes i like Zootopia
user1: it has many cute animals
user2: hve you heard or watch this movie?
user1: yes
user1: have you?
user2: yes From the largest elephant to the smallest shrew,
user1: yes many animals
user1: do you like animation films?
user2: yes i love it
user2: Zootopis also  a 2016 American 3D computer-animated comedy film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. 
user1: yes
user1: do you like Disney movies?
user2: yes of course
user2: these are the family oriented and joyful movies
user1: for sure
user2: what you like in Zootopia?
user1: what's your favorite character?
user1: oh i like the bunny
user1: Judy
user2: yes i like also
user1: it is a good comedy
user1: do you like the cast?
user2: yes all character are very beautifully plays there role
user2: the animation, comedy, effects all were amazing
user1: yeah
user1: very true
user1: it is quite a smart screenplay too
user2: i like jennifer Goodwin
user1: "thought-provoking"
user2: jennifer
user1: Yes Goodwin is good. Win!
user2: there were thoughtful inclusive message
user1: "carnivores eat herbivores because it's in their nature" haha
user1: wah nature you scary
user2: The film that unfolds from these beginnings is in many ways a conventional one, but it unfolds with so much wit, panache, 
user1: i think we have talked enough. nice talking to you.
user2: i think we have to close up
user2: how was your experience
user2: nice
user2: to meet you

conversation:
user1: How did you like the movie
user2: I love this movie
user1: What was your favorite part?
user2: I liked the part when Officer Judy is back on the farm with her parents and she finds out what she has not been a person but a plant.
user2: Did you like the movie?
user1: I thought the movie was great!
user2: What would you say your favorite part was?
user1: I thought it was funny seeing Judy getting coned by the fox and his friend.
user2: Yea that was a funny part and I liked how she had the recorder in her carrot pen.
user1: I am not suprised that i liked it, i generally like films by Rich moore.
user2: That was the first time I had watched a movie by him.
user1: i thought he and Byron howard did a really great job!
user2: They really did and there was deeper message in it as well. Not only was it a kids movie but it taught kids not to judge people by their appearances. 
user1: It's always nice when a cartoon can be entertaining as well as teach valuable lessons.
user2: Yes it had a great lesson that was learned and a great movie overall. 
user1: I love that the movie constantly asks characters to look past sterotypes, i wish that was osmething we could do in real life.
user1: are you still there? 
user1: Who was your favorite character?
user1: My favorite character was finnick, i though he was a pretty clever fox.
user1: I thought Ginnifer Goodwin did a really good job as Judy though.
user1: hello! are you there?
user1: hello, can you respond so we can finish this task! thanks.

conversation:
user1: Hi there! What do you think of this movie? I think my kids would love it!
user2: It seems like my kids would love it too! 
user2: I love the idea of an annomated world of animals! 
user1: me too! 
user1: Also that it has a thoughtful message. 
user1: And how cute the animal police department!
user2: Judy Hopps also seems like a character my children could "look up to" and could be a positive character for them. Especially because she seems to be pursuing her childhood dream! 
user1: Yes this is a must watch.
user2: I wonder what type of animal Chief Bogo is to doubt Judy Hopps 
user1: Maybe a rabbit! Aren't we sposed to move on to movie 2 now?
user2: Yes, it seems like it 
user2: Scene number one seems so cute! 
user1: Yes it does! 

conversation:
user1: I thought this movie was really cute and funny - a bit different than other animations out there.
user2: I thought the references to species-ism in it were interesting.
user2: I remember Idris Elba and Jason Bateman were perfect for their roles.
user1: Yeah, it's nice that Disney always includes subject matter/concepts for adults, rather than have everything be directed toward kids that may watch it. I found the array of animals quite interesting, I would say most people don't even know what a African Buffalo is.
user1: Jason Bateman did an awesome job - his laid back demeanor fit the fox character well!
user2: I'd forgotten Hopps was the academy valedictorian.
user1: She was definitely a perfectionist!
user1: That's good though, as the plot would have go nowhere had she not been so clever/stubborn.
user2: Indeed. She showed that on parking duty, in fact!
user1: I really related to that bit - stuck in a job you hate, lol!
user2: Did it come out around Christmas? I see it being called a holiday treat, but I didn't see it until it was Netflix... :D
user1: I saw it in theaters, I think it came out around March.
user1: Oh the carrot pen, that was cute!
user2: I've forgotten that too. Maybe I should watch it again.
user1: Never thought an Otter would be all the scary, but holy crap seeing that rabid Mr. Otterton was like whoa! 
user2: I definitely wouldn't be opposed to rewatching it. Maybe movie night with my daughter.
user2: That I do recall. Otters are the epitome of cute when you see them typically... then that.
user1: It would be a great movie to watch on Family night. I've definitely watched it more than once!
user2: I remember the predator-prey tension thing.
user1: I felt back about Nick's background, but it wasn't anything that couldn't be guessed at. Characters like that usually have a SOB story that makes them jerks later on.
user2: But I forgot Hopps quit.
user1: Ah yes, predator prey. Did you think Nick would attack Judy at the end?
user2: Yeah, that species-ism at work. I don't know.
user1: That would have made for an R-rated children's movie, lol!
user2: Ah yes, Bellwether as the mastermind. It's coming back to me.
user1: I thought the Nighthowlers looked a lot like the Crocuses in my yard that were coming up around the same time the movie came out - just a random thought I'd throw out there.
user2: Haha, the blueberries!
user1: Ah that darn sheep - what a baaaaaitch!
user2: Haha, baaaaitch. Well said!
user1: It's the quiet ones you have to watch out for!
user1: did you like the music from the movie?
user1: Shakira and all.
user2: I don't remember a thing about the music.
user2: Oh, there was that big production where she was an animal performing wasn't there?
user2: I thought that aspect of it was amusing.
user1: I remember the one song when Judy is first entering Zootopia - "Try Anything" or something like that. Super catchy. Yes, that Leopard secretary kept playing with the music video app!
user1: 98% on rotten tomatoes, not surprising! Disney movies usually do pretty well.
user2: Yeah, the lower IMDB rating not surprising either.
user1: Well, it was lovely "talking" with you!
user2: Actually, that's probably about what I would give it... 8 or so.
user1: yeah me too
user2: Heh, you too.
user1: bye!

conversation:
user1: This sounds like a fun movie. Do you think you will like the character Officer Judy Hopps?
user2: Hi! Have you seen Zootopia? Rotten Tomatoes gives it a score of 98%!
user1: I haven't, have you?
user2: No, I haven't seen the movie. 
user2: Judy Hopps is played by Ginnifer Goodwin, and I generally like her performances, so I could see myself liking that character.
user2: What do you think of Idris Elba, who plays Chief Bogo. Do you think you would like that character?
user1: He sounds a bit tough, but yeah.
user1: Sounds like Officer Judy should be more than there for parking duty, as she was the academy valedictorian, huh?
user2: I would think so! Valedictorians are used to working hard and being at the top!
user2: I guess we all have to face stereotypes, though. Have you faced any?
user1: I have, as a woman. Have you?
user2: Yes. As a woman as well. Though I'd say the bigger one is people assuming I'm a cookie-cutter white girl. Most people don't realize that I know what it is like to scrimp by.
user2: It looks like Judy had to open her mind to the stereotypes that Nick had faced as well.
user1: I can understand that, been there. Yes, and they seem to be working together to solve the crime, think they will?
user2: Yes, if only because not working together wouldn't be very feel good. They could still make a movie about it, but I doubt it would be profitable.
user1: I think they will get it worked out in this one. Maybe she will solve it in the 10 hours she has left before she's fired, do you think?
user2: Oh, yeah, you betcha!
user2: How do you think Jenny Slate, the mayor will affect the ending?
user2: Will there be a twist in the plot?
user1: Maybe, I think Manchas will be found. Don't you?
user2: Naturally! No one wants to see the criminal get away. Or, they at least want to see him have his day in court.
user1: Exactly! Being able to see the traffic camera sure helped Judy, she found him. I bet he was scared at the Cliffside Asylum, can you imagine?
user2: Not hardly!
user2: So, who is this Otterton? The one Manchas is talking about?
user1: I'm not sure, but he seems to be a big part. 
user2: Do you think the mayor, Lionheart, is introduced earlier in the film, or just sprung onto the audience like a criminal in a classic detective story?
user1: They seemed to drop him in, as the evil guy, since they arrest him.
user2: Hmm, true. That must be why the sheep was introduced earlier, to have someone ready to step up and take charge!
user1: Judy quit her job, but I guess she had to help when she learned about the night howlers actually being toxic flowers that cause mammals to act crazy. Did you expect that?
user2: I definitely did not see that coming!
user2: What do you suspect was the true cause of the animals going crazy?
user1: Then the new Bellwether ends up being a bad guy! plot twist?
user2: Plot twist indeed!
user1: I believe they were being drugged by the toxic flowers, you think?
user2: But who planted the flowers...
user2: Or does this just introduced a plot device for Zootopia 2?
user1: I know, maybe Bellwether?
user1: I bet that will be in the next movie, like you said.
user1: It was fun, thanks!

conversation:
user2: Have you seen zootopia?
user1: Yes, I've seen it.  Have you?
user2: No, but it looks like it might be a good movie to show to the kids.
user1: Yes, my kid liked it. 
user1: It has lots of cute animals
user2: I can imagine. Judy Hopps sounds like a good character.
user1: Yes, she is overly optimistic.  
user1: The movie has a good message too. 
user2: How are the other characters?
user1: The other main character is a fox, who a con artist.
user2: Is this a holiday movie?
user1: No.
user1: I would say it is more of a summer just for fun movie. 
user2: So Judy blackmails someone with a carrot pen? 
user1: Yes, it records audio.
user1: So, she tricks the bad guys into confessing and records it.
user2: What are night howlers? 
user1: If I remember correctly they were the wolves.
user2: So the con artist fox wanted to be ranger scout?
user1: Never mind.  It was actually the animals who were transformed into being crazed.
user1: Yes, but they other animals didn't trust him because he was a fox.
user2: No, looks like the night howlers were wolves?
user2: Oh they were crazy
user2: So confusing
user2: Oh Nick the fox became a cop?
user1: I forgot now.  There were wolves, who were the 'mafia.' There were also animals who were turned crazy by the flowers.
user1: I cannot remember if he actually becomes a cop in the end.
user2: I think he became a cop and Judy's partner
user1: It was some time back when I saw this.  
user1: He helped Judy during the main part of the movie as her friend and partner, but I cannot remember if he actually joins the force in the end.
user2: He did, but then Judy screwed up and ended up quitting.
user1: Yes, I remember that part.  Then, he visits her, and convinces her to come back.
user2: Prey supremacist conspiracy? This movie about a cartoon rabbit seems deep?
user1: I've seen too many kid movies.  :)  They all kinda blur together.
user1: Yes, it has lots of different messages.
user2: LOL, I can understand that, but this one has a 98 percent on Rotton Tomatoes so it must be pretty good.
user1: There are some animals in the city who think that they are better than other animals.
user2: Sounds very alagorical
user1: The predatory vs. non-predatory animals
user2: Yup, sounds like a good movie
user1: Are you going to watch it? 
user1: The story is predictable, but the visual imagery is stunning.  It's worth it to watch it.
user2: Next time I have the kids I think I'll look for this. The thoughtful and inclusive message as one critic said makes the movie sound appealing.
user2: Oh, it doesn't even say anything about the visuals,I bet they are good.
user1: My favorite part was the beginning, when Judy goes to the city to become a police officer.  
user1: You get to see her ride the train through all of the various lands.
user1: That part is really beautiful, because the different lands are really cool.
user2: Yeah, I imagine a world populated entirely with anthrpomoric animals would be interesting.
user1: I actually did not realize that Ginnifer Goodwin was doing Judy's voice.  I like her. 
user1: Does it matter to you who does the voices in animated movies?

conversation:
user2: Hey, you have any movie recommendations?
user1: Have you ever seen the movie Zootopia? It is a great kids movie.
user2: Who  stars in Zootopia?
user1: It is a animated movie and the voices of  Ginnifer Goodman, Jason Bateman, Idris Elba, and Jenny Slate
user2: Idris is one of my favorite actors. When was it released?
user1: It is a variety of animation, comedy and adventure!
user1: The movie was released recently in 2016.
user2: You have any idea how long Zootopia is?
user1: I am not entirely sure however Byron Howard directs longs interesting movies.
user2: Will adults like the movie as well as kids?
user1: Absolutely! it relates to all ages! 
user2: What was Zootopia rated. PG or what?
user1: The movie was rated PG
user2: Thank you. You think Zootopia would be a good date movie with someone who doesn't have kids?
user1: It recieved a rating of 98% on Rotten Tomatoes. I do think it would be a good date night movie or a nice movie at home to watch with your loved one.
user2: Great! I assume Zootopia has something to do with animals but can you tell anything more about it?
user1: I would personally recommend it for someone or a get together of people who would enjoy a good laugh. It is about Bunnyburrow a newly appointed member of the police department in zootopia. she is trying to catch a con artist the red fox played by Jason Bateman.
user2: Interesting... Who do you think will like Zootopia more my son or my daughter?
user1: I would go say it would be best for both genders! but you can watch it individually with them for twice the bonding or at the same time!
user2: Hmmm... Sounds a lot like the Maddagascar movies. Does Zootopia remind you of any other movies?. 
user1: I personally dont watch any animated movies but being a disney movie im sure it has plenty of awesome references!
user2: I see. You have any idea when Zopptopia was released at the theaters? Just asking.
user1: Zootopia was released March 4th, 2016
user2: This chat was great and you gave me more than enough information whether or not to go see Zootopia. Thanks!
user1: You are very welcome! I hope you enjoy the movie with your loved ones and kids!
user2: How do we submit the script? My Finish conversation is grayed out!
user1: Same!

conversation:
user2: Hi
user2: what is the name of the movie?
user1: My movie is Zootopia. It stars Ginnifer Goodwin, Jason Bateman, Idris Elba, and Jenny Slate.
user2: What is it about?
user1: It is an animated movie about different animals living in the city of Zootopia. The main character is a police officer.
user2: What is the plot, is there some type of conflict?
user1: Judy Hopps is a new officer who needs to prove herself to the Chief. She also has some conflict with fox con artists.
user2: Are there other characters?
user1: There are two other main characters besides Judy the rabbit and Nick the fox. There is the police chief, Chief Bogo, who is a buffalo, and the mayor, Dawn Bellwether, who is a sheep.
user2: Do you think this movie would be good for kids?
user1: Yes. It is animated, and critics say that it is entertaining for children.
user2: what is it rated?
user1: It has a 98% rating from Rotten Tomatoes and an 8/10 rating from IMDB.
user2: how long is the movie?
user1: I am not sure about that, but it was released in 2016.
user2: ok
user2: who is it directed by?
user1: Zootopia was directed by Byron Howard and Rich Moore.
user2: Has the movie won any awards?
user1: I am not sure about that, but the critical response was good.
user2: are there songs in the movie?
user1: I don't know. However, the movie does deal with stereotypes regarding animals that are "savage" and animals that are not.
user2: sounds interesting
user1: It is. The tension between predators and prey animals provides a good plot.
user2: I think my kids would love that.
user1: Yes. There is a lot of action and adventure.
user2: anything else you could tell me about the movie>
user2: ?
user1: The plot is very involved for a children's movie. There are social issues, criminal conspiracy, and mystery. All ages would enjoy it.
user2: Ok thank you.
user1: Thank you. Do you enjoy animated movies?
user2: Yes I do.

conversation:
user1: Hello. Let's talk about the movie Zootopia.
user2: yeah
user2: what is the plot of the movie
user2: its a 3d animated movie i think so
user1: It's about a bunny named Judy Hopps who becomes a police officer despite stereotypes against her kind (prey animal).
user2: It was directed by Byron Howard and Rich Moore
user2: right
user1: The movie has an anti-stereotype message, and it's apparently pretty clever in delivering it by using animal species instead of race.
user1: It has a 98% on Rotten Tomatoes too, that's pretty good
user2: yeah your right 
user2: After determining Nick was a suspect seen in Otterton's last known sighting, Judy blackmails him into assisting her by covertly recording his confession to tax evasion with her carrot pen.
user1: I remember that part. It's basically a buddy cop comedy/adventure. It's pretty funny and thought-provoking in general
user2: yes it was
user2: They discover Manchas was captured by wolves, who Judy surmises are the "night howlers". 
user2: it was best scene in that movie
user1: Haha yeah.
user2: yes absolutely
user2: actually the voice of all characters potrayed in the movie was awesome
user2: who scored a music in this film?
user2: it was really mind blowing especially the background score was awesome
user1: Honestly, I am not sure.
user2: yeah thats your point of vies i agree that
user2: yeah thats your point of view i agree that
user1: I do think it had great animation
user2: yes your right comparing to other movies like fire breather this was little less in animation 
user1: True. I remember when Judy felt guilty for thinking that the savage behavior going around was caused by biological factors, and she ended up causing tension between her and Nick so she quit her job.
user1: It was a nice portrayal of prejudice/stereotyping
user2: yes absolutely ha ha
user2: ofcourse yes it was
user2: and also judy, praised for solving the case, has become friends with Nick and asks him to join the ZPD as her partner
user1: I loved that part. Their friendship was the cutest part of the movie for me.
user2: always friendship was the cutest thing right!!!
user1: Yup! I also found it kind of funny that what caused the savage behavior in the animals was literally a drug developed from a plant (night howlers). It was kind of social commentary in a way.
user2: yeah and also Judy and Nick obtain the serum as evidence, but before they can reach the ZPD, Bellwether confronts them in the Natural History Museum and takes the evidence, revealing herself as the mastermind behind a prey-supremacist conspiracy. 
user1: I was actually genuinely surprised that Bellwether was the villain.
user2: samething happened to me even me also think like that
user1: Right. I was glad that she was arrested at the end
user2: ya it was a good end to a movie

conversation:
user1: hello?
user2: Hello! A movie that I think you would enjoy is called Zootopia! It is about a world that is populated by animals. A rabbit named Judy Hopps is one of the animals within this world who fulfills her dreams of becoming a police officer and moving to the urban city of Zootopia! 
user1: I've actually been wanting to watch this one. judy hopps as a name for a bunny is pretty cute
user2: I definitely recommend it. It has great ratings! Rotten Tomatoes gives it a 98%! I agree, Judy Hopps is a cute name. During her time in Zootopia, she meets and reluctantly teams up with a sneaky con artist fox named Nick Wilde.
user1: I prefer imdb ratings. rotten tomatoes ratings often has discrepancies between the experts and crowd. 
user2: That's understandable! It seems IMDB gives the movie an 8/10, which I'd say is still pretty good!
user1: 8 on imdb ratings is pretty much as high as they get. i don't think i've ever seen anything above an 8. can't think of any movies with higher than 8. maybe god father or shawshenk 
user2: That sounds about right. The genre of this movie falls under Comedy, Adventure, and Animation. So if you're a fan of those types of films, then this film will definitely be a good match up
user1: ok guess i'll check it out
user2: Great! I hope you enjoy yourself! I'd say bring a friend or the family if they enjoy those types of films.

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hello
user2: Lets talk movies.What is the name of the movie?
user1: Have you seen the movie Zootopia?
user2: I have not seen Zootopia. What is it about?
user1: The movie is about a zootopia police officer 
user2: Is it in an animal zoo?
user1: Its some what like that but the animals talk and they live in a city of nothing put animals
user1: it's an animation 
user2: Oooh, so are they kind of trying to install law on animals (the last truly free lifeforms on this planet) the way humans have done to each other since modern times?
user1: its a world that is populated by mammals, the police are trying to find out why some of the mammals have gone back to the old ways
user1: attacking the non meat eaters
user2: Oh,I see, but is the police officer human?
user1: nope everyone is an animals no people 
user1: all of the animals act like people 
user2: Hmmm, have they passed a law that the meat eating carnivores have to become vegetarians?
user1: there are rules that they go by so everyone can live in peace but some have started to turn and the main officer in the movie is a bunny that everyone thinks can not get the job done 
user1: its mix of comedy, adventure and animation
user2: What I really need to know is, Are there any sexy female animals?
user2: Cause I want to see some furry leg.
user1: it is not that kind of movie 
user2: That is most disappointing. Do the animals have guns?
user1: it is a family movie that would keep the whole family entertained 
user1: they have a dart gun but no real guns
user2: That does not sound like a good movie at all. Can you tell me anything that might change my mind?
user1: it's a very funny, smart, and thought provoking movie  
user1: keeps you guessing until the end to find out who is behind all the animals behavior 
user1: well rounded movie for all
user2: What are the met eating animals supposed to eat instead of meat?
user2: *What are the meat eating animals supposed to eat instead of meat?
user1: I'm sure they have a menu for them to pick what they want to eat. The movie is to change the way animals 
user1: stereotype each other 
user1: by the herbivores and the carnivores
user1: the bunny officer teams up with a con artist fox to solve the case 
user2: Oh that sounds very theoretically yet delusionally intellectual.

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hello
user2: What did you think of Zootopia?
user1: I find animals portrayed as humans is quite funny.
user1: I liked the plot.
user2: I agree. I also thought it was quite funny. And I liked the plot.
user1: I think the actors voices were perfect for their parts.
user2: I agree. Did you have a favorite character?
user1: Yes, Officer Judy Hopps
user1: Very endearing and bold.
user2: She was my favorite too. I liked her optimism and courage.
user1: Did you like the music?
user2: I did. I thought it was catchy.
user1: Do you think teenagers would enjoy it?
user2: I'm not sure. I think so, though.
user1: Did you like the ending?
user2: I thought it was pretty good. I liked how the friendship between Judy and Nick developed.
user1: Some of the scenarios were very surprising.
user1: I must confess the sheep was charming.
user2: True. The plot made some unexpected twists and turns. Like the initial "solving" of the crime, before they find out there's more behind it.
user2: I liked the fact that they made her a villain, though. But a sympathetic villain.
user1: Otterton is quite the savage.
user2: True. Manchas was as well. That was pretty scary.
user1: What did you think of Lionheart?
user2: I thought he was kind of arrogant in his treatment of Bellwether.

conversation:
user2: Zootopia was a fun movie.
user1: I wish I could live in bunnyburrow
user1: Umm, The other person left
user1: This is dumb,  I hate when other people leave and waste my time. 

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hello!
user1: The document is about Zootopia. Have you seen it?
user2: I have not. Is it a child's movie?
user1: It's animated but not necessarily only for children. It deals with some interesting subject matter that give it something for older viewers to enjoy as well.
user2: Awesome! What is it about?
user1: An optimistic rabbit named Judy Hopps has always dreamed of being a member of the police officer in the big city of Zootopia ever since she was a child. She passes her exams with flying colors but her Chief doubts her capabilities as an officer because she is a rabbit. On her first day she meets a con artist duo of Nick Wilde the fox and his friend Finnick. The movie is about her trying to prove herself as a police officer.
user2: That sounds interesting. Are there any famous actors to voice the characters?
user1: Ginnifer Goodwin plays Judy Hopps. Jason Bateman plays as Nick Wilde. Idris Elba is Chief Bogo, the African buffalo leader of the Zootopia Police Force. And Jenny Slate voices Dawn Bellwether, the mayor of Zootopia's diminutive sheep assistant.
user2: Nice! Did it do well in the box office?
user1: I'm not sure about it's earnings but it was regarded very well by critics. It has a 98% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. It was hailed as a well rounded thoughtful film that asked it's viewers to do some thinking while they enjoyed the animation.
user2: That sounds like a very successful movie!
user2: Sounds like a movie both my kids and I could enjoy
user1: Do you generally like watching animated films?
user2: I do! More than my kids I think.
user1: It's a comedy so maybe a few laughs will help keep their attention! Haha
user1: One of the interesting parts of the film is how predators are stereotyped in this society of animals. They're seen as untrustworthy by the other animals that we would normally consider prey.
user2: That is interesting! You mentioned the conartist was a fox, that definitely is a stereotype!
user1: That's one of the points some critics noticed. That while the film does constantly try to show that stereotypes aren't always right, they accidentally made several of the stereotypes match the animals.
user1: In fact, Nick was bullied as a child for trying to join the movie's version of the Boy Scouts because they thought foxes were untrustworthy. So he proves them wrong...by becoming a con artist.
user2: That's kind of funny. However, even if it wasn't animated, movies still tend to sterotype.
user1: That's true. Though an interesting point is that a con artist like Nick and Judy, a police officer, wind up working together to solve a mystery.
user2: This sounds like a movie I wouldn't mind watching. I hope they successfully solved their mystery.
user1: They do though there are some twists and turns along the way. Do you find that you usually enjoy watching mystery movies or shows?
user2: As a child I found myself watching Scooby Doo more often than not!
user1: So with talking animals, a mystery, and some funny moments this movie might be right up your alley!
user2: That's exactly what I was thinking. Do you think the movie could appeal to grandparents as well?
user1: It could! With a Rotten Tomatoes score of 98% I'm sure there's something in it for everyone especially if they like animals, mysteries, or just a good funny movie.
user2: I feel like movies rarely have that great of a score!

conversation:
user2: hello, what is the movie that you read about?
user1: Zootopia. Are you familiar with it?
user2: Slightly, I think I watched it with my girls. Anything interesting  you read in the article about it?
user1: The main character, Judy Hopps (a rabbit) was the police academy valedictorian. 
user1: The characters looks past their species stereotypes 
user1: Sometimes the stereotypes are true but they still try to work around them.
user2: I think I remember that character, and that scenario. It sounds like a good kids movie for sure. I know my children loved it.
user1: It got a score of 98% on Rotten Tomatoes
user2: that is interesting
user2: I wouldn't have guessed it would have rated so well
user1: Yes especially being an animated kid's movie
user2: Well kids movies can be good
user2: They just have to have a good plot to them, something that everyone can get into
user1: Yes very true. 
user2: Have you seen the movie?
user1: One of the lessons in this movie is that Judy learned from Nick (I believe he was the fox) he was bullied as a kid because he was stereotyped as being untrustworthy.
user1: Yes I saw it at the theatre. Seems like it's been a while 
user2: That is actually a good lesson for kids. Stereotypes, we all try our best not to do it to people, but we do it.
user1: Yes unfortunately you are exactly right
user2: If we have a general understanding of one another, we can overcome those stereotypes
user1: The information I have on the side is just adding more details. Since you've seen it it's tough for me to convince you. 
user1: Do you usually watch animated films?
user2: I don't remember it too much anyways. I have 3 daughters, and the youngest is 2, so I watch a lot of Disney Jr
user2: My older two are 7 and 8, they watch more of the Disney movies, and family type movies
user1: I see. I remember those days well. Yes same. My daughter is 9. 
user1: I guess one of the other big points of this movie is that it pays off to work hard and stick to your guns even when it's not easy
user1: And you can't judge a book by it's cover. 
user2: Yeah, I think you are right
user2: I like movies that have some life lessons in them
user2: It makes them more interesting to follow. 
user1: Yes me too. Especially for kids because then you can discuss them later also
user2: For sure, anything you can interact with them about after is important.
user2: If I hadn't seen the movie, I would definitely be interested based on your description
user1: It's tough to compress it into a few words because the descriptions are so long. 
user1: I think there are a lot of lessons in the movie for sure. 
user2: yeah, it is okay. You did good, and the movie was good :)

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hello
user1: what movie shoud I be watching?
user2: Zootopia
user1: Whats that about?
user2: It's an animation film about an officer that is a rabbit played by Ginnifer Goodwin.
user1: Oh I like her....is it safe for all ages to see?
user2: Yes it got high averages from Rotten Tomatoes and IMBD.
user1: og thats really nice
user1: do you know if it has won any awards?
user2: The poor rabbit can't catch a break because her boss keeps her on parking duty.
user2: She gets conned by a red fox and gets in a bit of trouble.
user1: awww that does sound pretty interesting
user1: what kind of music is in this film? 
user2: The bad guy in the movie, his name is Otterton the otter.
user2: I don't know.
user1: What kind of animla is Ottert?
user2: An otter.
user1: hahaha of of couse!
user1: have you seen it before?
user2: Yes I have it's a very cute and funny movie.
user1: Do you know if it is available for streaming anywhere?
user2: Judy goes on wild chases with bad guys that turn savage.
user1: ohhh savage
user1: this sounds like a must see
user2: Toxic flowers are to blame for the savage animals.
user1: Toxus flowers? this sounds intense
user2: It gets pretty intense especially when Judy and her con artist turned friend Nick find the ancedote in the lab.
user1: sure its ok for kids like a 2 year old?
user2: I would think maybe a little older because the savage animals might scare a toddler.
user1: hahah cool
user1: i will try to see this 
user1: thanks so muc for the help

conversation:
user2: Hello! Have you ever seen Zootopia?
user1: Yes I have
user2: I love that movie. I think the casting and idea behind the movie was great. 
user1: Yeah it was a good kid's movie with a great message behind it.
user2: I liked the fact that Judy was able to fulfill a childhood dream of becoming a police officer even though she was told she couldn't do it because she is a bunny. 
user1: Yeah that was really good, I love rooting for the underdog, and I am glad that she was able to fulfill her dream.
user2: I also like Nick and Finnick as well though even though they were hustlers. Nick ended up being a pretty good guy. 
user1: Yeah he was a shady character in the beginning, and he had a rough past but he had a good heart.
user2: Jason Bateman really brought life to his character too. Idris Elba as Chief Bogo was awesome even though I wasn't to fond of him at first. He seemed to be out to get Judy. 
user1: The actors were great in their roles, and yeah he seemed to as well but his mind was changed when she proved herself.
user2: What was kind of funny was that Judy ended up beating Nick at his own game and blackmailing him to help with the Otterton case. 
user1: Yup that was pretty funny, and that is what started the unlikely duo.
user2: The night howlers clue followed throughout the movie. 
user1: Yes it did which was pretty interesting.
user2: Also, the recording carrot pen was great. It was a great take on carrots for rabbits!
user1: Haha yes that part was unexpected and awesome!
user2: When they were able to access the traffic cameras and found it where Manchas was going and that he had been captured by the wolves, I didn't expect to see the mayor there at the asylum. 
user1: I didn't expect that either, I thought he was a bad guy at first.
user2: In a way he was I guess because he was involved, but he was really trying to help. When Bellwether took over as mayor, I was a little surprised even though she was the assistant mayor before. 
user1: Yeah him being a lion was perfect, because of his "pride". Yeah I didn't expect her to be the mastermind haha
user2: Right, that's a good point. It was great that she was behind it all. 
user1: Yeah she had her reasons too, too bad she had to do it in a bad way.
user2: When Judy learned that the night howlers were really flowers, I didn't expect her to reconcile with Nick. 
user1: Especially of what happened in the past, yeah I didn't expect it either.
user2: Nick had me fooled. I thought he was really going to attack Judy
user1: Me too, I was like "Nooo!"
user2: Yes, it was such a big climax in the movie. Bellwether ended up telling on herself though. That was great. 
user1: A lot of surprises during the climax, but that is good, and the ending was good too.
user2: The fact that they were able to hold onto the evidence was a relief. I was glad to see the arrest of Bellwether at the end. 

conversation:
user2: I like the message of inclusivity this sends to kids, it looks like it gets great reviews, and would be fun to watch!
user1: I agree with you on the fact that it has a great message on inclusivity. I also think that there is a message about not always believing stereotypes.
user2: I also love the characters and actors they've assigned to do the voices.  A diminutive sheep as assistant mayor, an eager rabbit, an african water buffalo as chief of police.  And, a fox as the con artist.  Sounds entertaining and interesting

conversation:
user1: Hi, there!
user1: Got any movie recommendations??
user1: Hello?
user1: Hi, there! Let's chat about a movie!
user2: zootopia 
user2: is a great movie
user1: What's it about?
user2: Its about a world with animals. But there a rabbit lives far away from the city that decide to go to see what is happenning in the city and the rest of the world
user2: the bunny's name is Judy
user1: Oh, dig it. Is it animated, then, or claymation or something?
user2: It is animated and the interesting and exciting about this is the city of Zootopia is just like ro reflect our society and our daliy life.
user1: Sounds great!! Who made the movie -- not sure if it's directed for an animation, you know?
user2: It kind of criticizes some part of our society with a joke
user1: Oh, sure, that makes sense. Who are some of the speakers of the parts?
user2: The director is Byron Howard and Rich Moore
user1: Don't know him, but I haven't seen a lot of animated stuff.
user2: I know I have not heard of their names either. But they did a really good jon. The rating of this movie is 98% 
user2: on rottan tomato 
user1: Oh, that's really good. Especially if that's Rotten Tomatoes!! Always love to see animas!
user1: Do they mention other animals that are main players? We have Judy the bunny....
user2: And we have Gazelle who is  famous singer in the city
user1: Ha!  Who else do we encounter in teh city? Clearly, there must be a bad influence. Always need conflict in our movies, for whatever reason!
user2: yes, so the bunny Judy's dream is to be a police. But meanwhile he mets a fox who steals but later become her friends.
user2: They both discovered the dark secret of the city of Zootopia 
user1: Yeah, gotta love the foxes! What is the dark secret of Zootopia???
user2:  Judy learns that the night howlers are actually use toxic flowers that have severe psychotropic effects on mammals. 
user2: They find Doug in a laboratory hidden in the city subway, developing a drug made from night howlers, which he has been shooting at predators with a dart gun.
user1: Really? Well, now, that's not very nice. 
user1: Does Judy, wanting to be a police rabbit, solve the mystery?
user2: yes so he finally become one in the end and he is the only bunny police
user2: at the end, the savage animals are cured and Judy rejoins the ZPD. Nick graduates from the Zootopia Police Academy as the city's first fox police officer and becomes Judy's partner.
user1: Sounds good. Have we done all the turns with this?
user2: i dont know 
user1: Oh, nice, the fox and judy become partners! 
user2: what is your favorite movue?
user1: My favorite move -- The Mirror by Andre Tarkovsky. And The Bachelor and the Bobby Soxer with Cary Grant and Shirley Temple (as a teenager). You?
user2: oh that sounds great. I have watched one of it and I loved it.
user2: good to talk to you

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: hello
user2: what about this movie
user1: not sure haven't received the document yet. did you?
user2: yes
user1: so what's it about
user2: this movie name is byron howard rich moore
user1: can i guess what it may be 
user2: i dont know my name is raj
user1: zootopia 
user2: your from
user1: va
user1: you?
user2: indian
user2: you which country 
user1: usa

conversation:
user1: I really liked the movie Zootopia.
user2: Me too, it was funny and had good animated characters. I also liked the cast.
user1: I agree. I really liked how the film used animation to tell a story of inclusiveness.
user2: It had a good message about how differences should not dictate what one can and cannot do in life. Don't you agree?
user1: Yep, I also though it was incredible that the film received a 98% on rotten tomatoes.
user2: I agree. It had a good rating because it was a good movie with a positive message portrayed through its rabbit and fox characters.
user1: I think my favorite character was Judy Hopps. Such a cute little rabbit.
user2: She was very cute, yes. The movie had a great message and good animation.
user2: I thought the carnivores and herbivores were very well portrayed.
user2: I also really liked the voice acting. It was top notch. Ginnifer Goodwin did a great job.
user1: Same, I really thought all the actors did a good job.
user2: The scene where Judy blackmails Nick was interesting
user1: I liked the detective aspect of the film a lot. too.
user2: I did not feel it was exactly a holiday movie though.
user2: I mean it could have been for any day of the year.
user1: I really liked the scene where otterton began attacking the chauffeur.
user2: Don't you think the acronym ZPD is funny?
user1: I like how the film deals with stereotypes too.
user1: Another scene I liked was when it was discovered that Manchas was kidnapped by wolves.
user2: Do you think they humanized the animals a lot? I mean they had video cameras, a police department etc...
user1: Yes, I think that was what they were doing.
user2: I like how in the end Judy and Nick are friends
user1: Yes, I liked that too. I thought the ending was great!
user2: Overall I really liked the positive message of this movie about not judging based on stereotypes
user1: ?
user1: I don't see another document, do you?
user1: Anyone still here?
user1: Hello?
user2: the story had great police work from the two main characters. I like how they went about investigating the cause of the night howlers and how the flowers affected them
user2: I see a document
user2: It is my turn to talk about it you can just answer
user1: Yes, I agree. That was a terrific scene.
user2: They obtained a serum as evidence and this helped them in theri investigation
user2: I liked also how Nick refused to abandon Judy when she was injured
user1: Yes, I thought that sent a good message to kids.
user2: Do you think Jason Bateman did a good job as the voice actor for Nick?
user2: Idris Alba also did some voice acting. Really great cast here.

conversation:
user1: Good afternoon
user2: hey how are  you 
user1: good. I loved this movie and so did my kids.
user2: me too as well, very funny movie i would say especially with the character being a police officer but they put her in charge of something that she did not want to do 
user1: I think that Jason Bateman did an excellent job as Nick.
user2: and dont forget idrs elba as nick wilde, very good story and easy to follow 
user1: it's also funny they made the smallest animal the cop.
user1: it is however fitting that they made the fox the con artist
user2: but you know i grew up with cartoon and now how the animation is very good animation sequences and even if they dont look like a big deal i think the very technology that makes these moveis happen make very cool stories that far are better than the movies i watched growin up 
user1: I agree. The animation is so fluid and believable now. 
user1: pretty deep underlying subject matter for a kids movie.
user2: yea i bet that is why we can also watch an enjoy these movies as adults 
user1: I am glad they made a more serious plot in this movie and not just fluff. You're right it does make it much more enjoyable as the parent.
user1: I also enjoy the personification of animals. It makes the animation that much more fun.
user2: yea always loved stories about animals what if they could talk and this movie goes very far 
user2: i agree with you 
user1: Animals in tax evasion is PRETTY far!
user1: I also like the tension of 10 hours to figure out the case.
user2: it was very enjoyable i did also like all the events unfolding towards t he end
user1: There is definitely a public statement about stereotypes in this movie.
user2: no doubt which is why i think using animals as characters to use as a vehicle to expose this nonchalantly 
user1: I definitely think there would have been some blow-back if they used people in this 
user1: prophetic also, the rabbit steps down for her remarks... fast-forward to now... 
user2: yea i can see that or if not it is at least some sort of space being used to defy the logic that is making politics what it is now too very interesting 
user1: also interesting that they put "prey" in charge of a case of feral predators.
user2: i think that is ironic but without a doubt there is a lot of messages of defiance which i am glad 
user1: I hope they make a second movie out of this
user2: yea they are going to have to and fight towards the conspiracy seekers and well yea sign me up
user2: funny about the blueberries being placed in the pellets too by the way
user1: Blueberries were good, carrot recording pen... all clever
user1: I also like the sheep becoming mayor. The thought of a sheep being a leader instead of a follower is hilarious.
user2: hhaha you are correct again more irony animals as police officers is very funny material no doubt 

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hello
user1: I saw the movie Zootopia. It was pretty good.
user2: I liked too
user1: I liked how the animal character avoided the stereotypes of their species.
user2: I think that is pretty good and how things go , it also reflects the struggles of women entering male-dominated spheres
user1: Yes, it had a very inclusive message.
user2: yesis a great movie for kids and adults

conversation:
user1: HI
user2: Hey
user1: HII
user2: So we're supposed to be discussing a movie? What movie is it ?
user1: ZOOTOPIA MOVIE
user1: YOU LIKE THAT MOVIE
user2: That sounds like a cool name for a movie. Have you seen it ?
user1: NOPE
user1: YOU
user2: No, not yet, but I'd like to.
user1: IT IS COMEDY , ADVENTURE, ANIMATION MOVIE
user2: That sounds pretty fun, what kind of animations? People or animals ?
user1: I EAGERLY WAITING TO WATCH
user1: After determining Nick was a suspect seen in Otterton's last known sighting, Judyblackmails him into assisting her by covertly recording his confession to tax evasionwith her carrot pen.
user1: Ginnifer Goodwin as Officer Judy Hopps, an optimistic rabbit from Bunnyburrow who is anewly appointed member of the Zootopia Police Department assigned to the 1st Precinct.
user2: Oh, so they are animals.
user1: YES
user2: When does this movie come out, or is it out already ?
user1: They track Otterton to a limousine owned by crime boss Mr. Big,who reveals Otterton went "savage"  reverted to a feral state  and attacked hischauffeur Manchas. At his home, Manchas mentions Otterton yelled about "nighthowlers" before the attack. Moments later, Manchas himself turns savage and chasesthe pair. Judy saves Nick by trapping Manchas and calls the ZPD for help, but whenthey arrive, Manchas has vanished. Bogo demands Judy's resignation, but Nickreminds Bogo that Judy still has ten hours to solve the case.
user2: So its a mystery movie also ?
user1: YES BUT IT IS A ADVENTURE AND COMEDY MOVIE
user2: Are there any big name actors in it ?
user1: Jenny Slate as Dawn Bellwether, a diminutive sheep who is the assistant mayor ofZootopia.
user2: Shes a good actress. So all the actors play animals in the movie ?
user1: YES ALL THE ACTORS ARE GOOD
user2: Do you know when the movie is released ? I would like to see it.
user1: I DON'T KNOW
user1: YOU KNOW THAT
user2: Do you think it would be a good movie for kids to watch ?
user1: YES IT IS AN ANIMATION MOVIE 
user1: WHERE ARE YOU FROM
user1: WHAT IS YOUR NAME
user2: I'm from TX, my name is Kevin. How about yourself ?
user2: Do you know how long the movie is ?
user1: I'M DAN FROM NY
user1: I DON'T KNOW

conversation:
user1: fine
user2: Hi
user2: You know how to complete this study.
user2: Are you left the chat
user2: Please ans my question.
user2: I am waiting for you

conversation:
user2: Hello user 2.
user1: Zootopia would be a great choice for you to watch tonight.
user2: What is Zootpia about?
user2: Can you describe the contents of the movie?
user1: It's a great comedy with action and adventure. It is about a world full of animals, and one rabbit's dream of being a police officer in their world.
user2: So it is a good family movie?
user1: Yes, definitely. Rotten Tomatoes score of 98%! Very good reviews from all over. 
user2: Is it a good movie for the whole family?
user1: Maybe not very young children, but your family will really enjoy it. 
user2: Do you know who voice the main characters?
user1: Byron Howard and Rich Moore
user2: Does the movie have excitement?
user1: Yes, there is one scene where Judy  is trying to get Nick because he is suspected in Otterton's last known sighting. 
user2: You mentioned a fox and a rabbit, what other animals are depicted in the film?
user1: I am not sure about that.
user2: Which character seemed the most endearing to you?
user1: I really like Nick, he gets in trouble but at the same time he seems to have a soft heart.
user2: It does sound like a good movie to watch.
user1: Yes, Judy and Nick become friends and he joins her in their quest to get help.
user2: Is Nick the Fox?
user1: Yes, Nick is the fox.
user2: So Judy is the rabbit.
user1: Correct, Judy is the rabbit and she is the main character.
user2: Do they manage to solve the mystery?
user1: Yes, they are able to solve it in the end.
user2: I assume they become the best of friends.
user1: They do become great friends in the end.
user2: I think I know enough to make a choice now.
user1: I really do think that you will like the movie. Any other questions?

conversation:
user1: have you seen the movie zootopia?
user2: Yes I have. I liked the main character Judy Hopps. She was a cool rabbit. Did you like her?
user1: Yes i did. I also liked the fox nick wilde
user1: It was a funny movie. 
user2: Nick wilde was such a great character. I really liked the fact that he was complex and had a bad side. 
user2: I also agree that It was a funny movie.
user1: I agree. He obviously was hurt from his past. Dinsey does a great job developing complex characters that both children and adults can appreciate. It also is very relevant for our time in regards to the breaking of stereotypes that permeate our culture
user2: Yes, exactly. The directors, Byron Howard and Rich Moore did a great job in making sure those subjects would still be entertaining for children. 
user1: Well, that's what they do, make animals act like us. It's sometimes really weird watching the behaviours that do be portrayed that way. Really eye-opening. Makes you realize that sometimes we stereotype people without even trying. 
user1: For example, the police cheif was an african buffalo, sterotypically strong willed or "bull headed". We would definitely consider most police cheifs to be that way
user1: Bunnies are "innocent naive women". They are trying to teach us that all people deserve an equal shot. 
user2: Exactly. Judy hopps being portrayed as a bunny was an amazing choice. It really highlight the way society can view people. She even overcame hardships and was valedictorian but because of who or what she was, they still placed her in parking duty.
user2: I really liked when judy learned that Nick was bullied as a child. She realizes that all types of people have been through hardships.
user1: I like that they portrayed her as a flawed character who even though she was the main hero, still struggled with stereotyping. The moment when she realized that nick wasn't all bad was one of the key highlights in the film. Even the best people still have problems, and thats ok, we just need to work on them together. 
user2: Yes, the ultimate message of the movie was about being inclusive. We all do need to work together. Again, such an intense topic but the movie did a great job of being entertaining and humorous throughout.
user1: Oh yes i agree! Thanks to the great actors and actresses. Ginnifer Goodwin was the perfect voice for judy
user1: jason bateman was perfect for nick as well.
user2: My perfonal favorite was Idris Elba. He portrayed chief Bogo wonderfully. Still, I cant discount ginnifer goodwin nor jason bateman. Great cast all around,
user1: Personally though im still trying to figure out if there was symbolic meaning to the night howlers thing. How does that play into stereotypes? I mean, i guess it caused the people to freakout and misjudge because of preexisting misconceptions. On a side unrelated note, my favorite scene was the one in the nudist center
user1: lol
user1: that scene was hilarious
user2: Im not entirely sure if the night howlers had a symbolic meaning or not. I guess it was to enforce the predator steretype? I do want to say that what lion heart did was wrong but I can sympathize. It must have been hard to win office with all the stereotypes about predators floating around. Do you agree with lion hearts decision to capture the affected predators?
user1: I feel mixed emotions about his decision. If i was trusted with preserving the citizens safety, i would have probably acted accordingly. We imprison people who are mentally ill...
user1: ahh
user1: thats it
user1: night howlers must be mentally ill people because they are acting without knowledge of what they are doing. 
user2: Yes, I agree the action was correct but the secrecy and not informing the public? Thats what I think I have a problem with. If the goal was truly protection he would not have secretly done it.
user2: After all he got arrested for falsely imprisoning them.
user1: at the sime time though, he was attemtping to keep the public calm... ignorance is bliss they say
user1: Imagine if the president told us that there was some unkown thing causing all African Americans or some other minority to begin attacking people?
user2: So mayor bellweather was a prey-supremacist. I dont know why I think that phrase is hilarious lol
user2: You're right, I guess that would give people license to attack african-americans. I see.
user2: Ok i retract my earlier statements lol
user1: LOL its a self contradicting idea isnt it?
user1: Its a moral quandary isn't it?
user1: techincally speaking what he did is illegal, but at the same time... should it be?
user2: Anyway its funny how bellweather wants to paint predators as murderous and she's the one that actually tried to kill judy. How ironic.
user2: My guess is he should have informed higher ups who most likely still would have kept it secret. 
user1: Yup and im assuming that bellweather represents the idea of violent white surpremists claiming that minorities are at fault for problems
user2: Well shes labeled a prey supremacist so I'd have to agree. Too bad she would endanger people to try to prove a false narrative. 
user1: Agreed. Well, anyways my friend, its been sweet talkin to ya. It appears it is time to finish the conversation. Happy turking to ya!
user2: Thanks its been a pleasure talking to you. Happy turking bro. 

conversation:
user2: What's the name of the movie?
user2: Do you know?
user1: Zootopia
user1: Yes
user2: Ok thanks
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: No. you?
user2: I would like to check it out though.
user1: It's a comedy full of animals who try to teach others not to stereotype based on species.
user1: *anthropomorphic animals
user2: Sounds interesting
user2: Tell me a bit more about it. No spoilers. 
user1: Judy, a rabbit, is valedictorian of her police academy, but because of her size, is not valued by the police chief and must perform more lowly duties.
user2: Wow
user2: Thanks
user2: I'll definitely see it
user1: Excellent!
user2: Great
user1: It even earned 98% on Rotten Tomatoes, so you're in good company. 
user2: Nice
user2: Would you see it again?
user2: I might watch it on youtube or dailymotion. 
user1: There are some great plot points to revisit, ones with themes of self-worth, trust, and perception of others.
user2: Dailymotion 
user2: Oh, ok
user2: Thanks
user1: You're welcome!
user1: Sorry for any awkwardness here, I'm trying not to give any personal information, as directed, and trying not to spoil any plot points for you.
user2: I know, it's ok. 
user2: You did good.
user2: In my opinion... 
user1: Thank you.
user1: Laughing emoji
user2: You're welcome. 
user2: ):
user1: Sad face?
user2: Not supposed to- Smiling face
user1: Ah! Put the dots on the concave side :)
user2: Ooops
user1: What should I do now please?
user2: Search me- we can click finish
user2: below
user1: Okay sounds good. I hope you have a great day :)

conversation:
user1: Oh I love Zootopia, Flash is my favorite character! :) 
user1: have you seen it?
user2: Of  course
user1: what did you think about it?
user2: As far as I am concern, I did not like the movie much
user1: ah I have to watch a lot of kids movies so this has to be one of the ones I can tolerate. 
user1: it has that whole "you can do whatever you want to do " mentality, like a rabbit wanting to be a cop...
user2: I like animated movies and even I do some animation but this movie is not very good
user1: I think my kids like it cause it had multiple animals in it
user2: The funny thing was when he got parking ticket job
user1: right, good old rookie position
user2: Thats right 
user2: What about other charecters?
user2: You remember any of them 
user2: ?
user1: i remember the fox had that little friend, he dressed like a baby
user1: and they sold like popsicles
user2: Yaah right
user1: they were scammers 
user2: Yaah
user2: what about toxic flowers?
user1: not sure what that is.
user1: is that from the movie?
user2: What about when judy got access to traffic camera?
user1: oh yeah, I remember that slightly
user2: do you like Bellwether charecter?
user1: oh there we go , its talking about toxis flowers 
user1: I like bellwether character, a sheep lol, shes cute
user2: Yaah
user1: I think its cute movie that a "fox" and a "rabbit " can get along as a team
user2: This was the best part of the movie
user2: Both of them looked great together
user1: which is good since she was like attacked by a fox when younger
user2: I was earlier talking about night howlers that they found toxic flowers
user1: that was a sad part of the beginning of the movie, but it helped her pursue her dream of being what she wanted to be
user2: yaah 
user2: there has to be a happy ending
user2: you still there??
user1: of course , for a children movie 
user1: has to be a happy ending
user2: Animation quality has been increasing day by day
user1: yes its so realistic like now days
user2: they are now no longer child movies
user1: i like how they put lil adult like jokes in the kids movies now days
user2: The problem with the movie was, the story was common
user2: Yaah
user2: I like adult jokes in a animated movie
user2: Thats why adults have started going for such movies
user1: yea pixar and disney know their audiences
user2: Through animation things become easier to say 
user2: You are right
user2: They are now very professional 
user1: yes, thank you for chat! hope have a nice day! :)
user2: I watch their short movies on youtube
user2: you too budy

conversation:
user1: Hi how are you.  Do you have any young kids? 
user2: Yes I do. She loves this movie!
user2: I liked this movie a lot. I thought it was very entertaining but I also identified with the main character, Judy Hopps.
user1: Yes, I think what is great about Zootopia was that it was a "smart" animation populated by anthopomorphic animals
user1: they did a great job making them lifelike and even having Judy Hopps character bunnyburrow as valedictorian
user1: I think it was smart and funny for adults while at the same time keeping kids interested and entertained 
user2: I agree. 
user1: they say a big part of the object was to overcome species stereotypes and get the young people to think the same about people 
user2: Yes, the characters were constantly trying to see past their differences.
user2: It made you think about the most basic stereotypes.
user1: I agree.  Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 98% positive review and an 8/10 by viewers
user1: What did you think of the Judy  Hopps Character bunnyburrow becoming a police officer which she always wanted to do 
user2: She went from rural Bunnyburrow to the big city, Zootopia, which she always dreamed about. But then she realized that it wasn't as perfect as she thought it would be, and then had to figure out how to get past her idealized version of it.
user1: I like Jason Bateman as an actor so the fact he did the voice over for Nick Wilde the red fox as a con artist was also fun 
user2: Jason Bateman is great, and Ginnifer Goodwin was fabulous as Judy. I thought Idris Elba as Chief Bogo was a great choice.
user2: I liked when Judy and Nick had that moment where he admitted that he was bullied as a child.
user1: Did you think as an animation that they hit some issues they should not have like Bunnyburrow blackmailing Nick to help her out by recording his tax evasion confession 
user1: I like that when Judy solved the case she and nick had become friends and he was asked to join the police force as her partner 
user2: I actually thought that was clever, because he was always trying to outwit everyone else, and she was really the first one who used his tricks against him.
user1: It was a twist that she quit her job when at the press conference she suggested a biological cause for the recent behavior of the "animals" 
user2: There were a few twists, like where you find out all the animals went savage and Lionheart the mayor knew about it.
user1: I do not think she meant to cause the friction between the predators and prey in the city. She quit from guilt
user2: She did feel guilty about what she said. 
user1: my document just went blank but the finish conversation has not highlighted
user2: And another twist was that the night howlers, which Judy thought were wolves, were flowers that were toxic and that is what caused the animals to go savage. 
user1: I agree.  Overall it seems like you liked the movie with your child
user2: It was a good movie. I watched it many times with her and it didn't get old or boring. It's a fun movie.
user1: do you agree with the 8/10 rating 
user2: I do.
user2: It said we would get 4 documents...I only got 2 pages here?
user1: I got the other two so that is 4 total . I think we have a problem. I do not like when that happens 

conversation:
user2: hi there
user1: Hai
user2: you should really watch this movie
user1: Which movie??.. don't show this movie title
user2: its very entertaining and comical mostly if you have kids its a very family kid of movie 
user1: Yes.. Nice this movie i liked very much but i have no kids i am single
user2: Well if you enjoy a comedy movie than this one is perfect , like i said its a family movie can be for an adult or kid . Has you can see it has very positive critics ..
user1: Yes,,Really like
user2: What i love about this movie is that its focused on animals , well besides the fact that the movie is about Zoo animals , its nice too see that people not only think about making movies that involve humans but they want to put out there how is it like for an animals and its environment how they treat eachother
user1: Yes..sure its visually treat.. All are must watch this films
user2: Yes definitely . I have kids so letting them watch this movie is very interesting because they learn what animals do and how they act in their habitats , its fun and doesnt have even 1 bad critic
user1: What dosen't  have a bad critic??
user2: the movie , that we're suppose to be speaken on .. what things can you tell me about the movie ? 
user1: Its was very super movie, Director thinking is next level of the movie. I feel enjoy and comedy in this movie
user1: Hero act was another power is in the movie..
user2: Yes , Zootopia has a rating of 98 percent out of 100 which means its a very good movie that anyone could enjoy watching
user2: Even though it came out in 2016 until today its a very popular movie
user1: Yes..my friends and family should watch this movie, its movie really liked
user1: Yes...sure
user2: Ofcourse althought it surprises me that when it comes to movies about animation and for kids only men direct the movies , i would like to watch women get in it and be more active in movies like this
user1: Yes. Defiantly true its very more active 
user2: You heard of Shakira ? shes a bilingual singer shes very famous she makes the voice of the Fox which is a cop in the movie is the main character
user1: Ohhh.. Thanks for your information because i dont know this
user2: Yes well overall the movie its very funny its very enjoyble so i highly recommend it 
user1: Ya...its a great movie...
user2: I hope you can find some time to watch it i can say its one of the most funniest movies i've watch
user1: I watched second funniest movie
user2: Awesome. 

conversation:
user2: Hi, can you tell me about the movie? What's it called?
user1: Hello! Today I'm going to chat with you about Zootopia. 
user2: Oh cool, what's it about?

conversation:
user2: Hello, Have you seen the movie Zootopia?
user1: I have and my kids love it, have you?
user2: Yes, and I enjoyed the movie too. What was your favorite character? 
user1: Nick Wilde because of his tactics but in the end still was a good guy
user1: I didn't think i would like the movie when i first heard about it though.  What were your initial thoughts?
user2: I agree, but I also liked Judy Hopps, she was fun
user1: The reviews sum it up pretty well and there were some subtle thought prevoking symbolisms in it.
user2: I liked the whole idea of an animal "world" and I liked how the animators translated the whole concept.
user1: like the nature vs nurture concept
user2: I think the idea of a small bunny taking on a big case was a good idea and it showed some important lessons.
user1: I especially liked how Judy got Nick to help by blackmailing him
user2: That was fun and the crime boss Mr. Big was hilarious 
user1: The irony of mr. big being a tiny rat/mouse was pretty comical
user1: the unrealistic expectation of 10 hours being left to solve the case really put the pressure on judy and nick
user2: I thought it was also kind of Nick to defend Judy when Chief Bogo wanted to fire her
user1: yeah with no leads he still had faith in her
user2: And the back story of Nick was touching, you got to understand how he became a con man
user1: Lionheart hiding the savages in the asylum while trying to solve the cause really made him look guilty
user2: I don't understand though, how Judy could upset Nick at the press conference after all they went through
user1: Yeah it shows how people don't understand what they are saying and how hurtful it can be.  Really makes you think about what we say on a daily basis that could be considered hateful, racist, rude, etc.
user1: Bellwether becoming the mayor wasn't expected since she was so quiet.
user2: True and it showed because Judy felt guilty and ended up quitting her job
user1: If more people realized the affects of their words, we might live in a better place instead of just denying that it't harmful.
user2: and Bellwether being mayor did come out of no where. I didn't see that coming
user1: The switch from the obvious nighthowlers being wolves to flowers wasn't expected either.
user2: Right, who would have ever thought that a flower would cause animals to go "savage"
user1: Using the recording to catch Bellwether was a fun move since that's how Judy got nick to help
user2: Yeah, looks like Judy taught Nick something.
user1: ironic too that the their was a weasel
user1: thief
user1: If i hadn't already seen the movie i would probably want to after reading the summary
user2: Overall, I think that the movie was fun and had some lessons taught
user1: exactly and kid friendly...also one you can watch more than once

conversation:
user2: Did you like the moive
user1: Yes I really did like how they addressed stereotypes
user1: What did you liked the most about the movie?
user2: Which animal steerotype did you feel was tue?
user2: I really like how the Judy was the heroine. it's not that ften we see that.
user1: I think the best part part none of them were really true, they seemed true at the start but in the end they are not
user1: Like a rabbit can be courageous.
user2: I don't agree with one the critics when they said it was thought provoaking what about you?
user1: It is a children film, so it can be thought provoking for children. But for adult I think it is just funny
user1: How do you  see the film ?
user2: I was able to see it when it first came out
user1: What I meant do you class it as a children film, a comedy, a drama ?
user2: I would have say a child film
user2: The one part that I didn't agree with was when Bogo demanded Judy's resignatuon
user1: How di you liked this part of the film ? I liked it because the mystery of the film starts there.
user1: I was severe from his part.
user1: But it give tension to the film
user2: I felt ot was a litgtle confusing at first. but when I rewatched it it played right into the typlical story line
user1: I was surprised to see the mayor implicated in the night howler storyline.
user2: It made sense becuae the plan/plot was seemingly a little too big for the small time crooks
user1: Yeah, I guess the plot needed something more dramatic and spectacular.
user1: How did you react to Judy's speech about the biological cause of the savage behaviour ?
user2: it made sense to a point
user2: after all, all animals are still "wild"
user1: It showed that even her can be prejudiced.  
user1: I really like the fact that the bad guy was the sheep.
user2: I love how even though it was animals they give them human attributes. the night howlesrs flower I saw a muhroom how about you?
user2: Exactly a "wolf in sheep clothing" a whole new meaning
user1: HOw did you like the last part ? I think there was to much emphasis on actions sequences and plot twist (the blueberry and serum pellets). 
user2: I think it was a cute litttle twist
user1: Maybe a little too predictable for my taste. But I am not a child.
user2: true
user2: remember this was geared towards childeren
user1: You are right, I think it is the most important factor when discussing this type of film. 
user1: bye

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: Hi. How are you?
user2: I recently watched Zootopia. Have you seen it?

conversation:
user1: Hi 
user2: hello
user1: What was the movie about?
user2: The movie is about a bunny named Judy who wants to be a police officer even though she is on the bottom of the food chain. 
user2: People do no think that she can handle the responsibility and job requirements and often comment on her size. 
user2: Have you watched the movie before?
user1: No I haven't but sounds funny. 
user1: Sounds like she is going to prove herself even though her size is small
user2: She is given a case to crack involving a missing mammal and was told that if she doesn't solve the case in 48 hours she will give up her job willingly. 
user1: I might like to go see it I like movies that are comical 
user1: What type of mammal does she need to find?
user2: This movie has been out on dvd for a while.
user1: Oh I have never seen or heard of it. I may go look for it then
user2: She has to find a missing otter,,
user1: Oh ok hope she finds the otter. Does she seem determined 
user1: ?
user2: The wife of that otter told her that she never expected him to go missing so she goes to his workplace and finds out that they haven't seen the otter since he attacked a limo driver. 
user2: She is very determined since this assignment could make or break her career. 
user2: She forces a con artist fox to help her since he conned her out of 20 dollars.
user1: Right true, sounds like shes on the mission already at the otters house. Interesting he attacked a limo driver.
user1: Sounds like the otter is bad news
user1: Did the fox help her?
user2: He attacked the limo driver because he was under the influence of a savage inducing drug that was being given to all predators in the city.
user2: The fox helped her but there was a while where he wouldn't help her anymore because she told everyone in a news conference that predators were the only ones going savage. 
user1: Oh wow are other predators acted out due to this drug?
user2: Since he was also a predator he took offence to that since he wanted to be a member of the junior scouts in his old neighborhood but they attacked him and put a muzzle on him and treated him like a criminal. 
user1: The fox is a mammal did he not get the shot?
user2: No
user2: The drug wasn't given to the fox. 
user1: So they just muzzled him to keep him quiet
user2: They muzzled him because they thought a fox can't be trusted. 
user1: Oh ok 
user2: Im sorry. I dont know why my paragraphs are like that.
user1: So whats judys next plan of action?
user1: its ok im understanding ;)
user2: After she hurt his feelings but offending him she gave up and went back to her parents town. 
user1: Oh  no shes going to give up that soon? 
user1: I hope she rethinks her decision and goes back out there
user1: Does she?
user2: It was there that her old bully apologized to her and helped her understand that the drug was a toxic flower that has severe effects on mammals.
user2: Yes. She went back and found her fellow fox detective and apologized. 
user1: Who cast this toxic poison on the flowers?
user1: oh thats good didnt think she was really going to give up
user2: It was a toxic flower that makes them go savage. Nothing is sprayed on the flower. 
user1: Do you know yet who sprayed the flowers?
user2: She had a momentary lapse of confidence but it didn't take her long to snap out of it. 
user2: No one sprayed the flowers. They are naturally like that. 
user1: Good I always like to see determination in a movie
user1: oh ok weird 
user1: There must be a way to destroy those flowers for good
user1: Is there a way to destroy them?
user2: Yes she is very determined to make others understand that being small has nothing to do with courage. You could be a small mouse and still be a great detective
user1: That is very true
user2: Since her parents owned a farm that grew those flowers I think she would help create a law that would ban these flowers fro being grown. 
user1: Sounds like a movie that teaches an important life lesson. Does it seem that way to you?
user2: Now that they know what those flowers do to mammals. 
user2: Yes it does. I really like this movie since it teaches kids to have big dreams and go for those dreams.
user1: Oh good sounds like she is thinking very smart for a way to fix the situation. Are her parents willing to do that?
user1: Absolutely :)
user2: I think they would be willing to help ban this flower. 
user1: Oh good hopefully they follow through with helping Judy and all predator mammals
user1: So what are their plans?
user2: Yes.
user2: It turned out to be the mayors assistant that was behind this scheme. 
user1: Figures someone in power.. Does the mayor know of this?
user2: Since she was as small as Judy she was sick of being bossed around by the big animals.
user1: So she got spiteful and vengeful because she was hurt?
user2: He knew about the drug and missing mammals but he didnt know his assistant was behind it and they were both arrested.
user2: yes.
user2: Some people cant stand being treated like dirt but there is a proper way to go about this. 
user1: So now what was done after they were both arrested? 
user2: She shouldn't have tried to convince her world that predators are responsible for every bad thing. 
user1: what do they mean a proper way?
user1: Right that sounds true not everyone is a like in this world
user2: well for one she shouldn't blame predators for the animals going savage. 
user2: After they were arrested Judy was able to keep her job and the fox became a police officer too. 
user1: So what happens next?
user1: Oh Awesome what a happy ending :) 
user1: Did Judy receive any recognition for a job well done other then keeping her job?
user2: She had fulfilled her dream of becoming a true police officer and recruited a fox as well. The fox was a con artist but he became a better person after that since he is street smart and that helps him be a good police officer.
user2: She was able to start working on higher cases. 
user1: Sounds like a great movie on life.. Did you enjoy it?
user1: Wander if there will be a part 2 ?
user2: I did. Especially since my son watches it every single day. 
user2: I hope there is a part 2.
user1: hahaha awesome.. I will have to find it for my grandsons Im sure they will enjoy it too
user2: You should! Its on netlfix.
user1: Yes sounds like a good movie :) your son has good taste then. I have to look for this movie now
user1: oh ok I will definitely look for it but what is the name of it?'
user2: I gave you the basic version of this but there is more to the movie that would've taken a while to discuss. 
user2: It is called ZOOTOPIA
user1: Oh ok yes I have heard of it :) nice 
user2: This movie destroys any stereotypes a person might face. 
user2: And assumptions of ones nature. 
user1: Well thank you for telling me about this movie and also how much  your son enjoys it.
user2: Your'e welcome. I enjoyed our conversation!
user1: Right and there is so much of this unfortunately in this world so sounds like this is a valuable lesson for our young ones. Something positive.
user1: Same here enjoy your weekend 
user2: It is. :)
user1: Bye take care
user2: Bye. Thanks

conversation:
user2: Hello.  It looks as though we will be chatting about the fantastic movie Zootopia!
user1: Cool! I saw that movie and thought it was really cute.
user2: I agree!  Ginnifer Goodwin as Judy Hopps was just adorable!
user1: Judy was my favorite. The sloth was pretty funny too.
user2: Haha!  That was a great part.  I never knew Jason Bateman was who played the fox.
user1: Huh, I didn't know that was him. 
user2: What a great film about looking past stereotypes.
user1: Oh yeah, totally. I thought it sent a really great message to kids.
user2: It taught a great lesson while staying entertaining.
user1: Yeah, it's important to keep that balance. It sent a message without being preachy.
user2: The part where the Otter becomes savage in the limo was a little intense.
user1: True. I didn't see the twist at the end with the sheep-mayor coming.
user2: I didn't either.  She seemed so sweet.  I guess just another lesson on putting people in a certain "box".
user1: Yup. Sometimes things aren't what they seem. I guess in a way she was a "wolf in sheep's clothing."
user2: Who knew a little carrot pen would save the day
user1: Ha, yes!
user2: Bunnyburrow is such a cute name for a town
user1: It is. I'm a sucker for punny/cutesy names in things like this.
user2: Me too.  The little mice mobsters.  lol
user1: I wonder if they'll make a second one. I know it was really popular.
user2: I hope they do.  The ratings were great!
user1: They probably will. It is Disney after all, hehe.
user2: True.  They like to run with themes.  
user2: Hopefully Judy Hopps and her Fox friend will remain besties in any sequels.  It's a great message for kids to see people with so many differences be such great friends.
user1: Oh yeah. Didn't he join the squad at the end? That's a perfect jumping off point for a sequel. 
user2: Oh ya!  I had forgotten about that! I can't wait to see what happens next.
user2: I liked that he knew her true character and forgave her rather quickly for what she said.
user2: It's been nice chatting with you about the Zootopia movie
user1: Yes, same! Hope you have a good day. ^_^
user2: To you as well.
user2: Hopefully we will hear that a sequel to Zootopia is being made soon.
user1: Yeah, I hope so.

conversation:
user1: Hello. What's the name of the movie?
user2: Hi, the name of the movie is Zootopia
user1: Could you tell me a bit about the plot line of the movie? 
user2: The movie is about a world of talking animals. Judy is a bunny from Bunnyburrow who movies to the city of Zootopia to become a cop. Her boss does not believe she was what it takes to be a real cop, so he assigns her to parking duty since she's only a bunny. On her first day, she gets hustled by two foxes. 
user1: I have to make a decision on whether or not I want to watch this movie. The plot line sounds interesting. 
user1: Is it a cartoon movie?
user2: Yes, it's animated.Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 98% rating and critics said it was funny, smart, and even brilliant. It seems very positive
user1: Would you choose to watch the movie if you had the option?
user2: Yes, it seems like it is well respected, and it's inspirational as well as entertaining
user1: It sounds like a movie that would teach positive morals to children. 
user1: Is it suitable for all ages, do you think that even adults would enjoy it?
user2: It's a family movie, so anyone can enjoy it. It deals with stereotypes, so adults will find it informative as well
user1: Ah I see. Have you watched this movie before? 
user2: Yes, I saw it in the theater when it was released 
user1: Is it a relatively newer film?
user2: It is! it came out in 2016
user1: All the more reason to watch it. Do you think that the protagonist is a character that a lot of people can resonate with?
user2: It depends. The protagonist is a female rabbit who is deemed "weak" but over comes this by proving how strong he is by solving a crime in less than ten hours. Anyone who has had to overcome adversity can relate
user1: Solving a crime in less than ten hours? That sounds remarkable. Is she a character that left an impression on you, personally?
user2: I'm a female, and I look younger than I am, so people always mistake me for not being able to achieve things. I felt like Judy at certain points when people tell her she won't be able to do anything because she's only a little bunny
user1: I also have the same problem. I think I definitely want to see this animated film now. 
user1: If you could hold it in comparison to any other film, which film would that be?
user2: Since it's an animated film, I could compare Judy to Buzz from Toy Story. Buzz is told by Woody that he's only a toy, he can't fly or be a hero, but his wings help fly them into their owner's car when they go missing and the car is driving away. Judy becomes a hero by saving the day and figuring out why some of the other animals are becoming aggressive 
user1: I loved Toy Story. Such a good film, but the last film made me quite sad--especially the ending.
user1: Does this film have a happy ending? 
user1: Also thank you for your thorough and detailed explanations.
user2: The film has a happy ending-- judy and the fox who scammed her in the beginning become friends, and she finds a job on the police force for him
user1: Glad to hear that. So are Judy and the Fox sidekicks?
user2: Towards the end, yes! It's a good story about over coming differences
user1: Would you recommend me to watch this film?
user2: Yes, it sounds like you would enjoy it
user1: I think I will watch it. 
user2: Great!
user1: Thank you for your help!

conversation:
user1: Hello, how are you?
user1: Are you there?
user1: I'm unable to see anything if you are typing.
user2: I'm here!
user1: oh haha hello!
user2: Hello.
user1: How are you today?
user2: I'm fine.  Happy Valentine's Day!
user1: Thank you! Same to you!
user1: I'd like to talk to you about a movie called Zootopia. Have you seen it before?
user2: No.
user1: Great. Do you enjoy animated movies?
user1: Zootopia is a state of the art animated movie that takes place in a world where animals act like humans. It has a star studded cast and stars Ginnifer Goodwin as a rabbit named Judy Hopps.
user1: Are you still there?
user2: I am.  No, I have not seen it.
user1: It was rated  a 98% on Rotten Tomatoes if you pay attention to ratings. 
user1: It also received an 8/10 on IMDB.
user1: This only moves forward if you respond, unfortunately. 
user2: Oh, maybe i have seen it!

conversation:
user2: hey bro
user1: Hi! What did you think of the movie?
user2: this movies is amazing
user2: have you seen
user1: I thought so too. I really liked the animation style.
user2: me too.
user1: Who was your favorite character?
user2: that rabbit 
user2: and your
user1: She was cool! I really liked Chief Bogo, the buffalo character.
user2: he is too cool 
user1: I liked how they played with animal stereotypes too.
user2: serious have you seen this movies
user1: Like how everyone looked down on the rabbit because she was small.
user1: Yes, I have seen this movie. I've seen it a few times, actually.
user2: i just watch the trailer now.....haha
user2: this movies released in 2016.
user2: i have to watch it
user1: I recommend it. My son loved it!
user2: i will watch.
user2: where r u from
user2: is this movies comedy
user2: hello r u there
user1: I live in California. This movie is kind of a comedy/adventure.
user1: Do you like comedies?
user2: i love it.
user2: i am from india.
user1: Cool! What's your favorite comedy movie?
user2: dumb and dumber my all time favourite movies
user1: Do you have any kids?
user2: part 1 and 2 both...
user2: i am just 22
user2: nice to chat with you\
user2: and you 
user1: I have a son. This movie looks like a kids movie, but I think adults would enjoy it too.
user2: yep, i have seen all animation movies just zootopia in my list now
user1: Wonderful! I think Jason Bateman's performance was really good.
user2: yes....how old is your son
user1: If you haven't seen the movie yet, I would suggest not reading too much about it. It might ruin the experience.
user1: He's seven years old.
user2: nice
user2: is mturk  is your primary work
user1: No, I do this on the side. I like the message of this movie. It teaches kids to follow their dreams.
user2: Do you generally watch movies with (good/bad) ratings? Do you agree with the rating of the movie? 
user1: I tend to watch movies with good ratings.
user1: I definitely agree with the ratings of this movie.
user2: it seem like very popular movies
user1: Definitely
user2: when to finish conversation
user1: I'm not sure. I think we've talked about the movie enough. Let's finish it now.
user1: It was nice to meet you!
user2: yes. ok bye me 2 
user1: Good bye.

conversation:
user2: Hey
user1: Hi
user2: How you doing?
user1: Good, thanks. How are you?
user2: Awesome, thanks.
user2: So, have you seen Zootopia yet?
user1: Yes, I have.
user1: Have you?
user2: I have
user2: I thought it was great
user1: Yeah me too.
user2: I think my favorite part is the part where Shakira sings
user2: I mean, the animal that was supposed to be her
user1: Yeah, that was good. 
user2: What was your favorite part?
user1: My favorite was when the bunny tries to blackmail the fox
user2: Really?
user2: When does that happen?
user2: I cabt really remember about it.
user1: yeah, that happens when she needs help of the fox, she blackmails saying about the fox's tax evasion
user2: Okay, I think I remember now.
user2: So, do you think there will be a sequel?
user1: I don't think so
user1: with ratings of the movie
user2: Why,
user1: The ratings were not so good
user1: But I liked the movies
user2: Supposedly, it has over 90% in every ratings page
user1: Oh really? Guess I didnt see properly
user2: I mean, Im sure the opening weekend and everything was great
user1: my bad
user2: Thats okay
user2: So, any other thought about the movie?
user1: Did you guess the villian before the climax?
user2: Never
user2: That was great
user1: Yeah
user2: Okay then, have a great day and it was good talking to you!
user1: Same here

conversation:
user2: I like this because it has animals
user1: The animals with human qualities are great, and I really enjoy how smart the film is. 
user2: do you generally watch animated movies?
user1: Yes. I often have watch cartoons and animated movies. I have two small children. The thing about this movie is that it is great for adults and kids. 
user2: Yes, I really enjoy the plot and Judy Hopps
user1: Judy Hopps is a very engaging character. I like that she is a rabbit and has the last name Hopps. Solid pun.
user2: Agreed, I like that Nick -- a fox is a con artist. I feel like that is appropriate characterization
user1: This play into the idea that people are more than their stereotypes as well. 
user2: Yes, I like that there's lots of adventure too 
user1: Overall it really is a likable film.
user2: I don't know that I like that Judy blackmails Nick though
user1: I mean, he is a conman so it isn't like he doesn't work the system to get what he needs. But yes. Blackmail isn't very nice. 
user2: Agree, blackmail isn't the appropriate way to get what you want. However, at least Judy learns that Nick had a hard life
user1: They come together and it really highlights the inclusive nature that the film is going for. 
user2: Yes, I like that Judy saves Nick. It's nice to see a strong female character.
user1: And despite her blackmailing him, he stands up to Chief Bogo for her which is also nice. 
user2: it's sad that Judy ends up quitting her job though
user1: Yes. Also that she upsets everyone with her talk about predatory biology. 
user2: worse that she ends up upsetting Nick with her comments, after they became friends
user1: And she gets all the praise for solving the case too! 
user2: do you agree with the movie rating?
user1: Yes. I do. The responses align with the rating as well. 
user2: I like that Nick doesn't abandon Judy even after he's been upset with her. 
user1: And how they work together to solve the crime and set up Assistant Mayor Bellwether!
user2: yes, there is justice and I like that Bellwether is arrested
user1: The ZPD shows up just in time to arrest her. 
user2: It was smart of Judy to record his confession. Again, great to see a smart female rolemodel
user1: And for them to use the blueberries as replacement pellets. 
user2: Ginnifer Goodwin's voice and acting are great as Judy
user2: She really does it justice
user1: Yes. And Chief Bogo's voice acting is great too.
user2: Do you generally watch movies with a 98% rating?
user1: I don'
user1: I don't usually pay attention to ratings. 
user1: You?
user2: I don't usually pay attention to ratings either

conversation:
user1: zootopia is a comedy
user2: Yep, it;'s supposed to be pretty funny. Do you think it'd be suitable for my kids?
user1: yes I think it is written for children
user2: I liked that it challenges the way we stereotype each other, but did it in an engaging, funny way
user1: yes very funny with a good message
user1: the main character is a rabbit that is starting out as a cop
user2: Yes, do you know who did the voice for the rabbit?
user1: Ginnifer goodwin
user2: Ah, ok. I don't know what movies she's in. How did you find the movie? Do you agree with the critic's ratings?
user1: for the most part a good kids movie that adults can enjoy to a degree
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: I've seen it. I liked it a lot too, and thought it should have a higher rating on IMDB
user1: Ok as far as I know that is rather high compared to most
user1: a sheep is the assistant mayor
user2: Well, personal opinion. I found it better than most animated movies. I especially liked the part where Judy manages to use a fake pen to trick Nick into helping her
user1: yes I agree
user2: What was your favourite scene?
user1: Im not sure that I have a favorite one
user1: the rabbit parents were funny and very stereotypical
user2: Yes. I liked the hidden messages as well, especially the bit where they show how we stereotype each other. 
user1: it had a decent plot also
user2: Yeah, I think that's why I found it so good. Do you think the writers were trying to say something political when they did the scene where the predators and prey get really tense and upset at each other?
user1: yes that seems likely
user2: I wasn't expecting Lionheart to get arrested
user1: It was a bit of a surprise, but I suspected it at a point
user2: I thought it was pretty deep move for an animated movie. The scene at the Asylum was especially unusual for a movie that's aimed at kids
user1: yes deffinatly
user2: What did you think about the use of flowers causing the animals to go crazy?
user1: since the document is gone now i think were done and completed
user1: the flower part was strange to a degree
user2: (I think it has to come up with Finish Conversation option)I wondered if they were hiding a message about drugs with that scene. It made me a little uncomfortable, especially when I think about showing it to my kids
user1: although the finish conversation button is unavailable yet
user1: yes potentially
user2: I loved the ending as well. The carrot pen being used to record Bellwether was a clever touch
user1: yes it was funny

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user1: Have you seen Zootopia?
user2: Hey!
user2: Yes I have. I have actually watched the movie multiple times because I really like it. 
user1: I thought it was a really cute movie!
user1: I think Nick, the fox kinda makes the movie.
user1: He is always keeping Judy on her toes.
user2: He is a great character. 
user1: I really liked Judy's character too. 
user1: The under bunny proved that size doesn't matter. Will does
user2: I love how they use different species of animals to relate to people and the stereotypes we may face.
user1: Yes! Nick was totally a sly fox!
user1: I loved how Judy overcame her struggles and proved that she could make it in the big city
user2: Yeah! She never gave up on her dream and worked very hard to accomplish her goals.
user1: I like how she used her sly skills against Nick. When she got him to confess that was awesome
user2: I like how Judy records Nick and forces him to help her.
user1: Yes!!! She totally used his own tactics on him
user1: Nick didn't even know what happened! lol
user1: A great turning point in the movie for sure.
user2: Hahah yeah she was good! 
user2: But they are perfect for each other.
user1: Yes, there were.
user2: It was sad though when they showed what happened to Nick when he was a kid.
user1: They really made a great team. 
user1: OMG, yes!!! Poor little fox
user1: Oh, yeah! I forgot about the part where Judy called him a predator. 
user1: That was a sad part too.
user2: Oh and Gideon at the end! That was so cute
user2: They should make a second!!
user2: I would definitely watch it.
user1: Yes, they should. 
user2: But yeah, that was bad when Judy called him a predator. He was so sad.
user1: It was such a cute movie
user2: And she didn't even know what was wrong.
user1: He was heart broken. 
user2: I definitely didn't see it coming when thy realized that the night howler flowers were what was causing the animals to go savage.
user1: He found what he thought was a true friend. And she took the one thing that she knew upset him the most and used it against him
user1: Yes, I was glad that Judy and Nick patched thing up and were able to solve the case.
user2: The ending was definitely a surprise.
user1: Yes, it was. I thought Nick would never forgive Judy. 
user2: Well it wasn't that she wasn't a true friend. She just didn't understand how he felt about it.
user2: But in the end they are both police officers.
user1: I think she knew how he felt. She didn't realize after so many years it would still bring up the same old feelings. 
user1: Yeah, I didn't see that happening at all! 
user1: They really should make a second one!
user2: Assistant mayor Bellwether was a shocker too.
user1: OMG, right!!! Totally didn't see her being responsible for the whole thing!
user1: Thanks for chatting with me
user1: I'm going to finish the conversation. 
user2: And Nick and Judy's set up was great
user1: they really made the perfect team
user2: Talking about it is making me want to watch it again.
user1: Yes, me too! Such a classic movie. 

conversation:
user1: Hi! I wanted to talk about Zootopia. I personally really enjoyed the movie! I wanted to ask who your favorite character was
user2: I personally found Judy Hopps to be quite the relevant character as I really enjoyed the movie as well.

conversation:
user1: hi
user1: Are u there 
user2: hi
user1: hi 
user2: yes
user1: how r u 
user2: fine
user1: which movie you choosed 
user2: new movies
user1: which movie 
user2: any movie
user2: hellooo
user1: la la land 
user1: do you like movie 
user2: yes
user1: do you like that movie?
user2: land movie i like
user1: please stay in the chat room 5 minutes 
user1: that is the oscar winning movie 
user1: i like very much 
user1: did you saw the shark movie?
user2: yes
user2: yes
user1: i was scared 
user1: that is shark is very dangerous 
user2: yes shark is very dangerous sir.
user1: where are you from 
user2: i am from india
user1: where is in india?
user2: asian
user1: very brilliant 
user2: thank u very much
user1: did you saw saw movie 
user1: i recently watch that 
user1: that is very horror 
user2: ohoo my god really
user1: yes 
user1: what movie you like most 
user2: how many times u watch it?
user1: 5 times more 
user2: very good
user1: ok lets finished our task 
user1: bye 
user2: thank u 
user2: bye

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: hi
user2: what movie was it?
user1: Zootopia
user2: what do you think of the movie?
user1: I love it
user2: Me too!
user1: Very funny
user2: I thought it was well written. 
user2: My kid loved it too
user1: Yes, very true
user1: My kids watched it twice
user2: Yeah, mine did as well
user1: I was with them as well as it is very funny
user2: Yes, we watched it first as a family.
user1: Yes, it was worth it
user2: I love when he gets into such a good movie. 
user2: V
user2: Very worth it
user1: Yes, it was a holiday treat for all of us.
user2: I feel like this is going on forever. lol
user1: yes
user1: do you like comedy movies?
user2: We all love comedy movies
user1: same with me too
user2: I'm a horror fan as well
user1: ok, I am not that much into horror
user1: Even critics love it too
user2: Yes they did
user2: I can see why
user1: I understand it too
user1: Bye, have a great day!!
user2: bye you too

conversation:
user2: hi 
user2: here i am
user1: Hello there
user2: im going talking whit you about this movie
user2: zootopia
user1: Ok. 
user1: What is that about
user1: Are you still there?

conversation:
user1: Hey there how's the reading about the movie
user2: haha not too bad, I loved this movie so it's fun seeing what they want me to talk about
user1: Thats good you've seen it and don't have to just go from the description I was worried I would have to do that
user1: What movie is it?
user2: Yeah me too. Zootopia
user2: It got an insanely good Rotten Tomatoes rating which I feel like is pretty hard to get
user1: Wow yes such a good movie
user1: Are they stingy with their stars I don't usually look at ratings
user1: What does have ratings for it about?
user2: Yeah some funny comedies get horrible ratings on Rotten Tomatoes. Rotten Tomatoe's rating of the overall movie is 98% and an average of 8/10 on IMDBI think I'm supposed to convince you to watch it based off of the information I have, which is a little incomplete... It basically just talks about what happens in the movie up to the rabbit's first day in the police force. 
user2: Do you like comedies and animation movies?
user1: What made her want to the join the force I can't remember 
user1: Yes I love them! Is it actually funny or just cheesy 
user2: It is actually funny! Like there are jokes that only adults would get while still being a good kids movie
user2: She just always wanted to do something more than farming, it was her childhood dream
user1: Lovely driven little rabbit role model 
user2: Also it gets really intense, I was legitimately scared during some action parts when she seems to get in over her head doing the investigative work, and I'm an aduly haha
user2: *adult
user2: Haha exactly
user2: It has like an all star cast too so it's fun hearing like the voices of Ginnifer Goodwin and Jason Batement as animals
user2: Are you still there?
user2: So sad I wanted to talk more about the movie ;(
user2: Which I now really want to see haha
user1: Im here sorry!! Someone came to relieve me from work
user1: Oh thats funny I didnt know they did the voices
user2: No worries!
user2: Welcome back!
user1: We she like in danger and all I can't really remember
user1: Thanks :)
user1: How was the animation quality what kind of style would you describe it as?
user2: Yeah basically the animals that used to be predators or like were naturally predators went "savage" when they ate this type of berry, but they didn't know that was the cause
user2: So as a rabbit she was almost eaten by animals who used to be nice haha
user2: It was really good quality, definitely well-done!
user2: It was fun because the movie came full circle and once she realized it was these toxic flowers that were the cause of it, her parents who were farmers helped her connect the dots to the flower
user1: Thats like a perfect plot
user2: Haha it really was
user2: it was a surprise ending which makes it more of a thoughtful movie which is always good
user1: I wonder if that was an idea someone had going around in their minds forever or it just came together like that 
user1: I'd tear up seeing it I'm sure I was only half watching it with my goddaughter doing other things 
user2: Yeah I'm not sure if they planned that! It was definitely very clever
user2: Thats what the reviews talked about too
user2: Mostly you wold be laughing throughout because there were some seriously smart-funny jokes
user1: There are so many good animated comedies coming out with meaningful story lines
user1: I will have to sit down and watch it today its a perfect rainy day for it 
user2: Yes you should!
user2: It was from 2016 so it really isnt that old either
user1: Thanks for telling me about it, I had fun hearing about it from your perspective 
user1: Oh it is on Netflix??
user2: Haha of course, thanks for listening!
user1: Or something of the like 
user2: I'm not sure, you should look that up!
user2: Well it was fun talking to you, thanks for a nice conversation!

conversation:
user1: Hi,
user1: The movie is Zootopia
user2: What is the movie about?
user1: It's in a world populated by human like animals. A bunny who becomes a police officer.
user1: Do you like animation movie?
user2: I do like animated films. What is the rating for this movie?
user1: It's very highly rated. 8.1 from IMDB and 98% from rotten tomatoes
user2: Those are great numbers.  Is it pg or pg13?
user1: I can't confirm that information exactly, but I am quite sure it is PG as most Disney movies
user1: It is quite funny for younger viewers as well as adults
user2: What is the name of the main character?
user1: Officer Judy Hops, she is a little bunny who tries to prove her worth as an officer
user2:     Does she have a partner?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
user1: She doesn't have a partner, but she consistently interact with boss Chief Bogo who doesn't believe in her, and a fox named Nick who is a con artist
user1: What do you think so far? Would you like to watch it?
user2: Have you actually seen the movie?
user1: Yes I have and enjoyed it a lot
user2: It sounds like something I would enjoy watching with my family. 
user2: Do you know when it was released?
user1: Great! It was released in 2016, around the holiday season
user2: Do you know if any streaming services have the movie available?
user1: I'm not sure, but it's always a good bet to check Netflix if you have subscription. I might have seen it on there.
user2: How long is the run time?
user2: I think I saw the trailer for it before.
user1: As far as I remember it is just under 2 hours
user2: I think that is a good time for my toddler to stay intrigued..
user1: Definitely. You will enjoy it too
user2: It sounds like it
user1: Are you able to finish conversation?
user2: It has not given me the option to do so.
user2: Are you still there?

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: Have you seen Zootopia?
user1: Yes I have!
user2: I really like the Character Judy the bunny and her strive to be a police officer even though she is a small rabbit.
user1: Yes I agree she was really determined to prove to herself that she could do anything she set out to do.
user2: Yeah, and I liked the hidden message to look passed stereotypes
user1: What do you think about Duke Weaselton? 
user2: He is a key character too, how about that sheep  Jenny slate, the assistant mayor?
user1: Yeah she definitely played a key part in Judy making the choices that she did.
user2: I think we're supposed two have 3 turns right? I could talk about Zootopia longer thou it's a very funny movie we enjoy the smart humor at our house and we've seen it many times.
user1: I believe it might be on a 30-minute timer but I am not sure. I agree that it is a funny movie they do a good job of teaching valuable lessons to kids while also making it good for adults to watch.
user1: I just looked, we each need to take 12 turns
user2: I agree it was good for adults and kids. I really like the back and fourth with Judy and Nick, how she tricked him into working with him because of his tax evasion. Ha Ha!
user1: I thought it was cool when Judy asked Nick if he wanted to be a partner because they worked well together.
user2: Yes they did, Nick also stood up for Judy like a real friend when he reminded Chief bogo thet she still had time remaining to solve the case.
user1: It was entertaining when they replaced the gun so it would have blueberries in it haha
user2: That was sly, He really trusted her by revealing that he was bullied as a kid, my romantic heart wished for a romance.
user1: What did you think about the ending to the movie?
user2: That was funny, I'm glad they we're able to work together after the insults at the press conference.
user1: Yeah I agree it was definitely an interesting part of the film.
user2: I really thought she was going to quit for good after she left her job at the police force.
user1: It would have probably been a smart choice
user2: The movie seemed to get good reviews, 98% by Rotten tomatoes and on average 8/10 liked it. Honestly I feel like it should be higher. It was really smart and cute.
user1: Yeah I agree but a 98% is very high and I don't think it could go much higher that is one of the best ratings I have ever seen.
user2: That scene in the natural History Museum was tricky with the serum pellets replaced with blueberries.
user1: Yeah I thought he was going to catch on to it before they could do it.
user2: yeah, and then Judy records Bellwether with her same carrot trick getting her arrested.
user1: Would you like to see another Zootopia movie made?
user2: Yes, I would definitely watch a sequel Maybe Judy and Nick will be an item
user1: Great! It was nice talking to you about the movie! Have a nice night
user2: you too

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hello!
user1: I love the movie zootopia,I watched it with my son recently.
user2: Yes me too, my kids watch it regularly It was good enough to sit through many times
user1: I usually don't like police investigation plots but the animal spin really made it work, it was very funny.
user1: I also really like both Ginnifer Goodwin and Jason Bateman.
user2: Yeah, i liked the plot was good too able to keep everything interesting
user1: I'm actually surprised it got such a high rating on rotten tomatoes, they usually seem pretty strict about their reviews and ratings.
user1: Do you agree with the rating of the movie?
user2: Yes I think it is good 
user1: I didn't realize that the movie itself teaches kids to look beyond stereotypes. Did you notice this?
user2: funny smart and thought provoking 
user2: yeah it does
user2: no I didn't think much about it 
user1: I never really noticed but I do think the second part of that review is funny.. because while they're trying to teach kids not to stereotype and that's admirable, they also chose such a poor subject to not stereotype because animals can't help but follow their natural instinct.

conversation:
user1: sounds like a good movie
user2: hi nice to meet you ..you saw that movie?
user1: i did see it\
user2: i like lady rabbit character it was so nice and attractive
user2: fox too 
user1: she was a bunny.
user2: police getup also nice to bunny
user1: had a good overall message
user2: thi animations fro animals is well designed
user2: how many times you saw that movie?
user1: a couple
user2: emotions well expressed in that film
user1: judy was academy valedictorian
user2: i like comedy in this movie so much
user1: she is from bunnyburrow
user1: she works in 1st precint
user1: nick is the fox
user2: mayor lionheart was so funny
user1: predators and prey become enemies again\
user2: mrs.otterton was so cute 
user1: the sloths at dmv were awesome
user2: cant able to stop laughing after seeing yax face
user2: finnik expressions so great
user1: they went savage
user2: flash face was something vigurous
user1: it was form flowers
user1: bellwhether is the bad guy
user2: i like idris elba so much 
user1: idris elba is awesome
user1: nick turns out to be a good guy
user2: don lake i cant able believe that matching character
user1: the made drugs from night how;ers
user2: duke weaselton character also good
user2: have a nice day nice to chat with you 
user1: weasel was good
user1: judy saves the day
user2: i enjoyed the movie with my family
user1: my kids love it
user2: my daughter loved that movie
user1: mine too

conversation:
user2: Hi!
user1: hi how are you?
user2: Good, thanks. Yourself?
user2: Did you get a document to read?
user1: yes. doing that now
user2: Ah, cool.
user2: Can you tell me what movie it is? When you're ready, of course.
user1: ok i'm ready to write my description of Zootopia
user2: Oh, okay. I've heard of that.
user2: Sorry, but are you still there?
user1: It is a wonderful animated movie for both adults and children. It is about a little bunny who had  become a cop in the big city of Zootopia, where most regular cops are much larger than she is. Her boss
user1: ya sorry
user2: No worries! I'll be patient.
user1: her boss, chief bogo, underestimates this rabbits potential. She is determined to do whatever it takes to find a miissing ottor, and even makes a friend while doing so. She proves herself well
user2: So, you said it was appropriate for kid?
user2: kids
user2: Is it violent?
user1: yes it's rated G not too violent more just chasing after bad guys
user2: So like, "periods of intense action," or something like that?
user2: My kids are sensitive.
user2: Does it have a happy ending?
user1: its definitely a kids movie but even as an adult it is also funny 
user1: It does end very wel!
user2: I like when movies are both. It's hard when my kids want to watch something that's just brutal to watch as an adult. lol
user1: yeah exactly haha no animals die  but you see some being taken to jail
user2: Ok, cool. Any idea who does the voices?
user2: Just curious.
user1: my friends kids watch that movie non stop 
user2: We're still stuck on Frozen.
user2: Oh, and Sing. That's another big hit around here.
user1: shakira sings the songs under the name gazelle in the movie
user1: jk simmons is the mayor
user2: Nice! So it's pretty musical, too? Like, do the characters sing?  Hm...I don't think I'm familiar with jk simmons.
user1: tommy chong is yak
user2: Ahahaha
user2: Him, I'm familiar with.
user1: not really. they don't sing unless they are listening to music by gazelle 
user1: bonnie hunt is the rabits mom
user2: That sounds familiar, but I can't quite place her.
user1: jason bateman is nick wilde in the movie
user2: Who does the bunny, do you know?
user2: Nick Wilde...is that the fox from the ads?
user1: ginnifer goodwin is the main bunny
user2: I love Jason Bateman.
user2: Ginnifer Goodwin from Once Upon a Time?
user1: nick wild is the bunnie's friend she meets that helps her throughout the movie
user1: and yeah i think so
user1: i didn't see that one
user2: It was a tv show. Or is a tv show. I'm not sure if it's still on, I stopped watching it a while ago.
user1: yeah so do you know what we do now?
user2: Ahahaha I was just going to ask you the same thing. I'm not sure. I think we're done? I see a button that says "finish conversation."
user2: Do you have anything you want to add about the movie? My kids are six and ten, you think we should watch it tonight for movie night?
user2: :)
user1: Wonderful idea. they will love it and you probably will too lol
user2: Cool. Nice chatting with you.
user1: you too!
user1: have a great mobie night

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: Hey!
user1: What do you think about the movie?
user2: Sounds interesting, it is a comedy that uses animals as the main characters
user1: Do you know what it is called?
user2: I believe it is Zootopia, however I have not seen the movie, so I can not be entirely sure
user1: 8
user1: Do they explain the setting?
user2: It takes place in a rural bunnyburrow
user2: It's directed by Byron Howard and Rich Moore, have you ever seen a movie by them?
user1: I'm not sure.  I am not very familiar with directors of films.  
user1: Can you tell me about the plot?
user2: The film looks at a rabbit cop and this dealings with the a con artist
user1: I like movies with odd pairings.
user2: The suspect, Otterton, is recorded confessing to tax evasion. The police catch up to him and think they have him, when he banishes. 
user1: Is the main character a male or female?
user2: The officer is female while the suspect is male.
user1: Is the ending given away?
user2: Yes, the adventure continues with the officer finding an underground prison that the wolves keep people in. 
user2: Would you like to hear the ending?
user1: Yes please
user2: Spoiler Alert: Judy, the officer, solves the case while finding the con man being held by the wolves.  Judy and the con man become friends as escape from the prison. 
user1: That sounds like a happy ending
user2: However, in a press confrence her comments cause tension between wolf a prey so she is forced to quit! I guess the was not the ending and the saga continues.
user1: Oh i see.  It is a plot twist!
user1: I would be interested in seeing this movie.
user2: Judy and the otter, find a drug making Ram who is stealing tulips to source the drug
user2: This movie is pretty intense and they throw in comedy along the way!
user1: Having the characters as animals makes the movie sound like a movie for kids, but it sounds like it involves drugs and abductions!
user2: I think we are actually at the end now, and there is a twist. Should I hold off on saying it?
user1: Go ahead!
user2: The Mayor, Bellwether, was behind most of the crimes that occured! Judy tapes him confessing it to her, while he tries to pin everything on her
user2: The police department ends up arresting the mayor. 
user1: Wow it sounds like a big conspiracy!
user2: I agree, seems like a lot for a kids movie. Seems like a very interesting movie overall!
user1: I agree!

conversation:
user1: The movie I'm going to try to get you to see is Zootopia.
user2: What is that about
user1: The movie is about a rabbit becoming a police officer.
user1: She is discriminated against because of her species.
user1: She meets a sly fox named Nick Wilde.
user1: Do you need more information about the movie or have I convinced you?
user1: If you need more convincing there has been good reviews about the movie with Rotten Tomatoes giving it 98% approval and an average rating of 8/10.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: How are you?
user2: I am fine. How are you?
user1: Great.  So, have you ever seen the movie Zootopia? 
user2: No. What is it about?
user2: Hello?
user1: It's a cartoon movie.  It's about a bunny from a rural town and her dream is to become a police officer in the metropolis of zootopia
user2: That sounds great!
user1: It's quite funny and great for kids and parents a like.  I really enjoyed it.
user2: So, you already watched it?
user1: Jason Bateman plays the fox, he's quite funny as well. Yes, I've seen it. 
user2: I don't know who is he lol
user1: You've probably seen him in TV shows but just don't know his name.  Been in a ton of stuff from Arrested Development to other movies and TV shows.
user2: Oh, I see. 
user2: Is the movie available in Netflix?
user1: Anyways, in the movie there is a scene where the bunny and the fox are working together in zootopia where all these different types of animals live, and they are trying to find out why some animals are going rabid and crazy on one another.  
user1: I believe it was on Netflix at one time.  Not sure if it still is. 
user1: Just checked, it is on Netflix yes.  
user1: I believe it won an academy award if I'm not mistaken too.
user1: I don't want to give too much away but the main theme is the predator animals(tigers) vs the hunted animals (rabbits) and someone manipulating them all in zootopia to get what they want.  Don't want to spoil it though. 
user1: Hello?  You there?
user2: Yes,
user2: Sorry about that
user2: I went outside to pee
user1: LOL
user2: I will watch it
user1: Ok
user2: I will speak with my kids about the movie
user2: Hope there is some kind of moral in there
user2: Thanks for suggesting
user1: There is.  Takes a while to get there but you'll see it.
user2: I see.
user1: There are other scenes as well where Judy and Nick (bunny and fox) are working together concerning what is called the night howlers, and investigating who is behind it. Once again, don't want to give too much away here.

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: hi
user1: I wanna see a movie
user2: i just saw a really good movie called Zootopia
user1: Why was it a good movie?
user2: it has a 98% rating on rotten tomatoes
user1: Cool. Who's in it?
user2: it is an animation, some of the voices include Ginnifer Goodwin, Jason Bateman, and Idris Elba
user1: I love Idris Elba. And Jason Batman is so versatile. I'll definitely check it out.
user2: it is a great comedy
user1: Can't wait to check it out.
user1: is it rated pg?
user2: i am not sure but probably
user1: Cool. I want to take my kids.
user2: that sounds good it is funny and has a nice storyline
user1: Did it come out last year?
user2: 2016
user1: Okay.
user1: I can't think of anything else I need to know
user2: the characters are all kinds of different animals
user1: like Disney?
user1: oh wait, is it animated?
user2: yes animated
user1: oh wow. that's important.
user1: Maybe I'll pass.
user2: i think it would be great to take the kids to
user1: although 98% is pretty high for RT
user1: Yeah. I might see it for them.
user1: Does it have songs?
user2: they will like the comedy and all of the animals
user1: yeah the will
user2: i do not think the characters sing songs
user1: maybe I will too
user1: a lot of those animated movies aren't just geared for kids
user2: adults will like it too
user2: it shows how to overcome obsticles
user1: I've decided I'll probably check it out
user2: great!

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: hi
user1: What's going on?
user2: now i am saw social media post in online
user1: Okay, what did it say?
user2: very funny and likable posts are there
user2: are you there?
user2: you see zootopia?
user2: movie?
user1: Yes I'm here.
user1: I haven't seen it.
user1: What is it about?
user2: very nice movie
user1: Cool, I might want to see it.
user1: What happens in the movie?
user2: about childhood dream of the zootopia
user1: The whole movie is a dream?
user2: judy hopps rural bunnyburrow fulfills her childhood dream
user1: Sounds fun!  Does it have good reviews?
user2: becoming a police a police officer in zootopia
user2: yes very funny
user2: and than good reviews are come
user1: Is it a good movie for families?
user2: comedy ,adventure with animation movie
user2: sure
user2: kids movie
user1: Sounds great.  Who is in it?
user2: great sound, run by shakira
user1: What actors are in it?
user2: jason batman
user1: Good, I like him.
user1: Who is the director?
user2: and ginnifer goodwin
user1: Oh nice, that's a great cast!
user2: rich moore,byran howard
user1: Nice, well you've answered my questions!
user1: Thanks & have a good night :)
user2: ok
user2: thank you

conversation:
user2: Hi. Let's talk about the movie Zootopia! It's about a bunny, Judy, from a rural town who strives to accomplish her dream of becoming a police officer, even though everyone doubts her. It's very funny and has a great message for kids and adults alike. 
user1: i dont think ive heard of it! 
user1: who are some of the actors whose voices are in this movie? it's animated, right?
user2: Yes it's animated, all anthropomorphic animals. Ginnifer Goodwin voices Judy, and Jason Bateman voices the other main character Nick. 
user1: oh i like jason bateman! is this a new movie?
user1: i like the message. kind of reminds me of the little mermaid lol
user2: It came out in 2016, so it's fairly new. 
user1: nice
user2: I would definitely recommend it. The animation is great and it's very timely with a great message about breaking stereotypes. 
user1: im not super familiar with ginnifer goodwin, but i recall seeing her in Big Love, the series
user1: what are some of the stereotypes that are broken in this movie?
user2: It's always pushing people to look past the stereotypes of specific groups and use inclusive language and not act and speak out based on assumpitons. For example, many doubt that Judy will be a good police officer even though she's the academy valedictorian, because she's a bunny and not some kind of large, strong animal. 
user1: that is really cool. it definitely has a good message for kids
user2: Judy herself learns not to stereotype, and publicaly admits to her mistakes. 
user2: she learns to get to know individual's stories and learn some of the reasons that they act the way they do. 
user2: so yeah, it has a great message and it's funny and cute and the animation is really well done, so I definitely recommend it. 
user1: that is good. so then kids can learn the importance of self reflection
user1: i will check it out
user1: so are we good with this conversation?
user2: Yes. It's all about learning and growing and making mistakes and that it's okay to make mistakes, but you need to apologize from them and learn from them. Nobody's perfect. So in that way it's different from a lot of animated films. 
user2: I'm not sure. I was told I had to respond 15 times. i can't hit "finish conversation"? 
user1: ok! so we . can keep going
user1: that is very cool. i think it is especially important in this social climate that we currently have in usa
user1: do you watch a lot of animated movies?
user2: Yes, that's definitely one of the reasons I like it. It seems very timely. 
user2: I don't watch animated movies very frequently, but I do enjoy them
user1: yeah the last one i saw was bee movie
user1: do you watch other movies or shows with jason bateman?
user2: I haven't seen that one. 
user1: it's jerry seinfeld's movie
user2: No, I don't think so. I'm really at at remembering actors names and stuff though
user2: Sorry
user2: I don't see a ton of movies in general
user1: i used to watch a lot more but i think netflix kind of took over and now im all about tv series
user1: i wonder if zootopia is on netflix or hulu
user2: I'm not really sure, but I think so
user1: how long is the movie?
user1: do you think this movie would be suitable for adults, or just adults with kids?

conversation:
user1: This is a really cute and funny movie that has several good messages in it.  It's great for kids and adults as well.
user2: It is also funny and thought provoking when suggesting kids should look past stereotypes.
user1: I agree and think that's an important message, especially with how things are in the world today.  I like that the main character goes against what others think of her and pursues her dreams.
user2: I also like how the rabbit is underestimated even though she proves she has the smarts by being valedictorian. I like the message of hope it gives children while still remaining entertaining. 
user1: I think the animation was great and it definitely kept my granddaughter glued to the TV with all the bright colors and lots of action.

conversation:
user1: Hello, today I would like to introduce to you the animated film Zootopia. Have you seen this movie before?
user2: I have not! Could you tell me about the main character?
user1: The main character is Judy Hopps a little rabbit from the small rural town of Bunnyburrow. She moves to the utopian town of Zootopia to fulfill her dreams of becoming a police officer.
user2: Are there any other important characters?
user1: There is a sly fox named Nick Wilde, who cons Judy on the first day as a parking officer. Which she was assigned because her boss Chief Bogo doesn't think a rabbit can be a cop.
user2: What animal is Chief Bogo?
user1: He is an African buffalo
user2: Okay! What makes this movie worth watching?
user1: There is also a little sheep who is the assistant mayor of Zootopia
user1: Critics have nothing but praise for this animated film, which is in the words of one critic "funny, smart, and thought-provoking."
user2: How long is this movie?
user1: This movie should be around an hour and twenty. It also has an excellent rating on IMDB and rotten tomatoes
user2: What is the name of the sheep assistant mayor?
user1: her name is Jenny Slate 
user1: Her voice is played by Jenny Slate and the sheep's name is Dawn Bellwether
user2: Who voices the main character Judy Hopps?
user1: Judy Hopps is voiced by Ginnifer Goodwin
user2: Who voices the fox Nick Wilde?
user1: Jason Bateman is the voice of Nick WIlde
user2: Are there any bad guys in Zootopia?
user1: The story is basically about Judy and Nick on the trail of a lost otter named Otterton, which leads them to uncovers some hidden crimes from mob bosses to someone causing animals to go "savage"
user2: Would you call Zootopia a family movie?
user1: For sure, it is a family comedy that you can enjoy with kids of all ages.
user2: Who directed Zootopia?

conversation:
user1: Have you seen the movie Zootopia?
user2: Yes I have seen it
user2: Have you seen it?

conversation:
user2: hi
user2: do you like the movie?
user1: hI
user1: I do like the movie.
user2: cool
user2: do you like animation movies?
user1: I do
user1: I liked the bunny in this one
user1: Which charachter did you like?
user2: all
user2: officer judy is cute
user1: She is :)
user2: it is a good comedy
user1: I agree and it is very family friendly.
user1: I was rooting for her.
user1: Also it was sad that the otter was nuts.
user2: yes
user2: otter was funny though
user1: Yeah I thought it was cool how they were about to be drowned by that rat.
user1: Them going crazy was interesting.
user1: I felt bad for them.
user2: yes
user2: interesting
user1: I liked the voice acting
user2: yeah
user2: ginnifer goodwin did a good job
user2: so did Jason Bateman
user1: Yeah Jason Bteman did real good
user1: I liked how his charachter was drawn
user2: yah
user2: the character designs were good
user1: I liked how he had a permanent smirk
user2: :)
user1: Also I liked the bunnies eyes were violet
user2: yeah that was good
user1: And the animation of the weasal was good
user2: true
user1: The sheep were cool
user2: yes
user2: you have a favorite scene?
user1: The train scene with the sheep
user1: It was based off breaking bad lol
user1: The names were Jesse and i forget the other guy
user1: Did you have a favorite scene?
user2: ok
user2: there were many
user1: I get that
user1: It was a real good movie
user2: when they went savage
user1: What was your favorite animal?
user2: the bunny 
user2: also the fox
user1: Yeah that was a good scene
user1: I liked how they tricked the sheep
user1: With the blueberry
user2: yeah
user2: that was good

conversation:
user2: hi, do you like animated movies?
user1: Hi, Yes I do. Zootopia happens to be one of them.
user1: How about you?
user2: yes, I love everything that has to do with disney, zootopia is my favorite
user2: Did you imagine Jason Bateman doing a character like these?
user1: Not at all! I thought he only did live-movies and not animated ones. Did you know that Ginnifer Goodwin played the character of Officer Judy Hopps? I didn't know about it until today. I thought Officer Hopps was played by someone else. It's also interesting that Idris Elba played Chief Bogo in this movie.
user2: Like I did not know this, but then you understand why these characters were so well developed, thanks to these great actors
user2: Which was your favorite scene?
user1: Me neither! I had no idea A-listers played for Zootopia! My favorite scene from the movie was when they found out that Dawn Bellwether, the assistant mayor, was the culprit in all of the missing animals and when Officer Hopps and Nick were able to catch her using Hopps' recording pen.
user1: What about you? What's your favorite scene from the movie?
user2: my favorite scene is when Mr. Big appears with his bodyguards ... it's the funniest thing in the whole movie
user1: That's interesting! Did you think that Nick was culprit from the beginning of the movie?
user2: the truth is that at the beginning it looked something malicious, but not really, if he suspected that it would be the one that one least would imagine
user2: Did you watch this movie because of its critical ratings or why?
user1: I didn't suspect him at all actually. I thought it was the mayor who was involved with the missing animals. No, I watched the movie right as it came out of the theaters
user2: Did not the animals scare you when they were wild?
user1: Not at all. I thought it was pretty cool! What about you?
user2: if it gave me some fear, because I saw it with my son and he also got a little scared
user1: What did you feel about the wolves or the night howlers? I thought they were pretty cute as wolves.
user2: if that part was very cool , 
user2: What did you think of the "great idea" of the mayor when hiding everything ???
user1: I thought it was pretty neat, but a little bit cliche since since Sheeps are considered to be intelligent animals. Regardless, I thought the usage of the symbolism between the animals gave life to the movie
user2: What do you think about the decision of Judy's resignation? Was not something very hurried?
user1: I thought her decision to resign was the right decision at the time although not the best idea. Had she not resigned, I think even worse things would have happened. What about you?
user2: Well yeah, you're right there...when Judy discovered everything and was reunited with Nick, it was something very touching, what did you think?
user1: I thought it was sweet. I didn't think they'd up together. What about you?
user2: the truth if I had the hope
user2: when you shot nick you thought it would happen?
user1: Not at all. Since Zootopia is a children's movie, I didn't think there'd be romance at all.
user2: I accept that it scares me a little, I do not imagine seeing Nick act in that way
user1: Same. He's a pretty nice fox, but it had to happen otherwise they wouldn't capture the assistant mayor
user2: that's true, Nick from the beginning proved to be more intelligent than everyone, for me he was the most important character in the whole movie
user1: Thanks for talking to me about! I enjoyed the movie a lot more now since you've explained many different ideas. 

conversation:
user1: I really liked the characters in the movie.
user2: HI!  I liked the characters too. The characters in this movie are unique.
user1: I really think that the animation is some of the best ive seen.
user2: The animation was wonderful. I am a big fan of animated movies.  I think that the story line was very well written as well
user1: Yeah, the story line is definitely great. I think it's a great take on using animals to reference some of the diversity in today's society
user2: I agree.  And there was just enough humor as well
user1: Yeah, the humor is great. I think it's something both adults and kids can enjoy. Critics seem to like the humor too. And most the general public.
user2: Yes this is a movie that everyone can enjoy! Even people who aren't a big fan of animation. I believe they'd be surprised by how much they enjoyed it if they watched it.
user1: I thought it had a pretty good cast for the voices as well.
user2: I agree. My favorites were  Gennifer Goodwin as Officer Judy Hopps and Jason Bateman as Nick Wilde
user1: I like the scene where one of the characters use her carrot pen to record a convo. 
user2: I liked it when Judy saved Nick by trapping Manchas, then Manchas has vanished when ZPD arrived.
user1: I think that's what makes the movie great. It incorporates comedy and great action scenes.
user2: It definitely did.  I think most critics agree with that as well.  
user1: I was able to laugh while sit at the edge of my seat at what was going to happen next.
user2: That's what makes these type of animated films so great. The writers kept   Zootopia light-hearted yet action packed
user1: The part the asylum was used was pretty cool.
user2: It was. I also enjoyed Chief Bogo's character in the movie
user1: I did too. Characters like Mayor Leodore Lionheart were also interesting.
user2: I like that the message in the movie involved over-looking assumptions and stereotypes.
user2: I think these types of messages in movies are great for all.
user1: Definitely. And it was also cool how in a world where animals act like humans, the plot where they start turning into animals is a great twist.
user2: Yes! It was unique. You could see their animal qualities as well as human-like qualities.
user1: Part of the interesting aspect of the movie is Judy actually acting like a detective to prove herself.
user2: Yes! Even though she second-guessed herself, she still did it
user1: She was also very smart and cunning.
user2: She was.  I like that she proved herself.
user1: I think it was part of why the character was so empowering to many people.
user2: Definitely. It sends a great message.

conversation:
user2: What did you think about zootopia? 
user2: I thought it was funny, my daughter loved it and watches it regularly.  
user1: I thought the state-of-the-art animation was amazing.  
user1: Ginnifer Goodwin played the part of Officer Judy well.  
user1: Jason Bateman as Nick Wilde was hilarious. 

conversation:
user2: Did you enjoy the movie?
user1: Seemed like a fun little adventure.
user2: Do you normally enjoy animated films, or was this the exception?
user1: No, I usually love animated films, such as what Pixar produces. Did you find the message of this one to be on target?
user1: Did I lose you?
user2: I don't normally watch much animation, as my children are mostly grown now. However I did make an exception for this one, as it seemed quite comical.  The message was a little fuzzy for me! I was quite caught up in the laughter it evoked. I did get that she had quite a struggle trying to prove herself though. Seemed like she had pretty low self-esteem in the beginning of the film.
user2: I suppose it was the little guy winning in the end.
user1: Makes sense. Did you like the voice acting?
user2: Oh yes! They did an incredible job!
user1: I always love a story where the underdog wins in the end
user1: Would you agree that is was as much about Judy learning a lesson as the other characters?
user2: She was so cunning when she recorded his confession! Nice police work! Though, only in Zootopia would that hold up in a court of law.
user1: Tis true, I noticed that right away. Makes for a fun little twist on the movie.
user2: Yes, it seems they all did learn a bit of a lesson.
user2: Though, maybe a little hard learned.
user1: Pretty cool that Nick stood up for her in this scene.
user1: Seems judy had a hard time forgiving herself and moving on, part of her lesson.
user2: I know, right? It was so heartwarming the way Nick & Judy developed such a close relationship throughout the move.
user2: Kinda makes you evaluate your own relationships & judgments on acquaintances. 
user1: Interesting idea to have a leader trying to hide from the public, instead of ensuring he is part of them and working with them.
user2: True. Gets you thinking about government in general & the sorts of things that are kept from the public. All in all, it was quite a good movie, considering all the thought that it brings to an adult. Funny how animated films are so entertaining to children, yet they adult setting there can be equally intrigued but on a completely different level!
user2: *the adult
user1: Yes, and finding a way to make us think, while also entertaining us is, in my opinion a great method.
user2: I agree totally! 
user2: My script is gone, yours?
user1: Mine is working still
user2: Huh
user2: Well, I guess we continue on as if nothing is changed.
user2: I really enjoyed the way it laid out Nick as such a bad guy in the beginning.
user1: Yeah, Here I find it cool that despite an effort to turn NIck against Judy, he stays loyal and stickc by her when she is injured
user2: Just when you've made up your mind to dislike him, the plot changes & you start feeling sorry for him.
user1: Haha, I know people like that in real life
user2: Your right on that.
user2: It was nice to identify on so many levels with this film. To actually get myself thinking a lot about my own thoughts toward people & how I have been so quick to judge people without actually stopping to consider that there was purpose behind their behavior.
user1: Same here, and so many layers of insite make a film watchable more than one time.
user2: Oh, so true! I honestly can see myself watching this again in the near future.
user2: And, to be honest, even if my son doesn't want to watch it with me, I might watch it alone! =D
user1: Right on! I could see myself sitting down to watch it by myself.
user2: Did you get access to more than just  2 scenes?
user1: Yes, I got 3. In this third we see corruption again in the leaders, as the new mayoy also tries to thwart their plans
user1: Since night howlers aren't a specific animal it serves to again challenge the stereotypes that plague the subconscious.
user2: I wonder if all the government corruption is any sort of play on the current political environment?
user1: Could, however I feel like it goes beyond current climate. However it is timely for it.
user2: Yes, it definitely is
user2: I assume we met our reply goal? I thought it would've ended itself when the time was up? Are we to finish the conversation ourselves? I am briefly looking over the instructions, but not seeing instructions for ending the chat.
user1: Beyond plain corruption it also brings to light that ulterior motives can be a driving factor behind it.
user1: Yeah, I thought it was supposed to be 12 messages.
user1: DO we just click finish conversation?
user2: I believe it was. We've conversed for longer than the 10 - 15 minute allotted time & responded more than the 12 chat responses. I think we're good! Nice to meet you, enjoyed the chat. I'm going to "FINISH CONVERSATION." Enjoy your day.
user1: We are suposed to get a completion code sometime
user1: Take care

conversation:
user2: This movie was great! I had my nephews watch it! So funny and enjoyable for the little ones. 
user1: the movie looks fun
user2: There were great actors playing the voices.
user1: zoo animals are so cool
user2: Yes they are and very cute!
user1: yes and some very good work done by the actors
user2: I agree they played their roles very well for animation.
user1: the movie is great for all ages
user2: It was mainly geared towards children but yes I enjoyed it as an adult. 
user1: a buffalo a sheep and a fox great combination
user2: Oh yes! Great animals!
user1: did the animation look real to life for you?
user2: No it did not look real.
user1: this movie may be a classic in the future
user2: It might be!
user1: what did you like about the movie
user2: Everything from the characters roles, to the story line.
user1: what did you think of the design. Sometimes animation can look a little cheesy
user2: I thought the design was great!
user1: the movie seems fast pace and not a dull moment
user2: Yes!
user1: oh and a bunny. This could be a nice spring time movie
user2: Yes Easter is right around the corner!
user1: the scientist was a good addition
user2: Yes for sure!
user2: Very meaningful and smart movie.
user1: Doug was hidden in city subway. Subways rides are so fun. Wish we had one in my area
user2: It looked fun the in the movie!
user1: The Natural History Museum in the movie must be like the real life one in New York
user2: Yes it must.
user1: will you want to see it again?

conversation:
user2: Hi there!
user1: Hi
user2: So we'll be talking about Zootopia, right?
user1: Yes.
user2: I remember seeing this movie and it being pretty good
user1: Me too
user2: It's surprising that it has a 98% on Rotten Tomatoes
user1: I liked it. I would have given it that rating. I agree with the reviews that it was funny, smart, and thought provoking
user2: I agree with those reviews too, all of the actors and actresses did a great job
user1: What did you think of the town names? I think they are clever. How about you?
user2: I think so too! Definitely fits the characters and gives a good sense of the world
user1: Yeah. What did you think of the scene where we find out that Nick was bullied as a kid?
user2: I thought it was really touching and sad, I connected with that scene
user2: It had a lot to say about how we treat others
user1: Me too. It makes you understand his character more. It's good back story.
user2: Definitely, it helps you to sympathize with his character
user1: Totally. And it helps you understand, too, why he stands up for Judy and tells Bogo to let her finish solving the case.
user2: A really cool character
user2: The scene with the wolves was really suspensful
user1: It was. It made sense that they would be the "night howlers." And it was a nice scary addition to the story.
user2: Yeah, it added a good amount of tension in the story. It felt all the more exciting when Judy ends up solving the case.
user1: Yeah. I felt bad for her, though, in the scene where she has to quit her job.
user2: Yeah, that was really sad
user1: I think the worst part was that she upset Nick who was becoming her friend, and she could see that her words were hurtful.
user2: It was definitely a very valuable lesson in being mindful of what you say and how complicated relationships can be
user1: Yeah. It worked out in the end though. Were you surprised when Bellweather turned out to be the mastermind of the predators going "savage?"
user2: Absolutely, it was a pretty big shock. He really turned out to be seriously evil.
user1: Yeah. I didn't see that coming. The character really is played as mild-mannered and sweet.
user2: Just goes to show that it's always the quiet ones haha
user1: Yeah! It was cool how it came full circle, too, with Judy recording the confession at the end
user2: It was a thrilling end and definitely pulled everything together nicely
user1: Definitely. It was a pretty enjoyable movie all around.
user2: I agree! Well, thanks for chatting!
user1: You too. 
user2: Take care! :)

conversation:
user2: Have you seen Zootopia?
user1: No I haven't!
user1: have you?
user2: I have. Many times. My kids love it
user1: based on the rotten tomatoes rating it looks like I should see it lol
user2: It really is quite cute.
user2: Its also very well written. Its clever
user1: I like Jason Bateman 
user1: And I tend to like animated movies
user1: I'll definitely watch it this weekend lol
user2: I would! As I said, I've seen in a bunch
user2: There are some lines that I know by heart
user2: I also love that they really did a good job with the voices and the characters that they are playing
user1: So let me see here
user1: it's about a bunny who wants to be a police officer?
user2: Yep, pretty much
user1: And rabbits aren't supposed to make good police officers?
user1: lol
user2: No because in this society they are supposed to be cute and cuddly
user1: Oh okay so and underdog story!?
user1: I love those
user2: It is indeed
user2: Again, it is really cute. 
user2: Like most good animation movies there are lots of subtle things in it as well
user1: I really like most animated movies.  Tangled, Frozen, the one with the singing elephant i forget what it's called lol
user1: So i'm sure I would like it
user2: It sounds like it 
user2: I think it would be somethign you would watch several times
user1: hahaha it seems like an animated, action, comedy, mystery
user2: I think thats a pretty good description actually
user2: I think I actually ended up buying the movie
user1: Should I watch with my nieces?  I'm sure theyve already seen it though
user1: It
user1: it's one for the collection?
user2: they might like to see it again? 
user1: I'm sure they would lol
user2: I hadn't bought it at first but my kids wanted to see if so badly and so often i just figured it was worth it.
user1: good talk! Thanks for the recommendation
user2: any time.
user1: BYE!

conversation:
user1: Hello, how are you?
user1: Hi, are you there?
user2: Doing well, just finished reading the document about the movie Zootopia.
user1: Yes, have you seen Zootopia before?
user2: I have seen it before. Have you?
user1: Yes! And, I really enjoy it.  I love the main character Judy Hopps.
user1: Who's your favorite character?
user2: I like Judy Hopps as well. But Nick is funny too.
user1: Oh, okay...Nick the con artist fox.  Yes he and his partner in crime Finninck are very funny.
user2: All of the animals are quite entertaining.
user1: Yes they were.  I like how the movie encourages it's viewers to look past species stereotypes.
user2: That is an intriguing aspect of the movie.
user1: Yes, it was.  However all though they were fighting stereotypes, it's hilarious how Judy tricked Nick into confessing to tax evasion into her carrot pen!
user2: They did an excellent job at personifying the animals to relate to human society. 
user1: Yes, I agree.  And, I like how Nick and Judy worked together.  And, even though Nick had to be blackmailed to help Judy he still helped her keep her job when Bogo demanded Judy to resign.
user1: Are you there?
user1: We still have three more documents to go, hopefully we can get through this in a timely manner and both get paid.
user2: They didn't come together in the best way but they still helped each other out.
user1: Yes, especially when Judy learned that Nick was bullied as a child due to being stereotyped.
user1: So it seems to always come back to the them of defeating stereotypes.
user2: Yes, even the buffalo acts according to his stereotype.
user1: So do you remember the City Hall scene where Judy and Nick got access to the city's traffic cameras?
user2: Yes, they discover that Manchas was captured by wolves.
user2: Are you still there?
user2: Are you wondering what makes all of the animals turn "savage"?
user1: Yes, I was wondering the same thing.
user2: It is strange for sure.
user1: I wonder if it has something to do with Mr. Big?
user1: Maybe it was the night howlers, the toxic flowers.
user2: And I was thinking that the night howlers were the wolves!
user1: No they were flowers, they created a psychotropic effect on the animals.
user2: I guess I was thinking like Judy, she thought the "night howlers" were wolves too. 
user1: Yes, she did. It wasn't until she returned to Bunnyburrow when she learned that they were toxic flowers.
user1: I like how Nick did not abandon Judy when she was injured.
user2: The toxic flowers are also a clever similarity to problems the are happening in the "real" world..
user1: I agree, but what would you compare them to in the real world?
user1: Because there was a prey-supremacist conspiracy in the movie.
user2: A plant that is "developed into a drug" that has "psychotropic effects". 
user2: Very clever way to keep parents interested in the movie as well as children.
user1: Lol, yes I understand what you mean now.  And I agree, the animated movies are really starting to make sure to incorporate the interests of parents.
user1: What did you think about the part when Judy and Nick took the serum out of the gun and put in blueberries instead?
user2: That was quite funny. They sure pulled one over on Bellwether!
user1: Yes, they did!  It was nice talking to you! Enjoy the rest of your day!
user2: Thank you! You too!

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: hi
user2: did you read something about a movie?
user2: are you still there?

conversation:
user1: hello
user2: Hi
user2: You have LaLa Land? THats strange. I have Zootopia!
user2: Have you seen either?
user1: thats interesting what is it about 
user1: i haven't seen either what are they both about 
user2: Zootopia is  about a rabbit who was top of her class at police academy and moves to the city 
user2: She is then placed on parking duty
user2: Her chief of police is plat by Idris Elba who is outstand.0ing
user1: oh that sounds like a cute movie. It sound like a show i would enjoy 
user2: It is great!
user2: They have to outwit a sly fox
user1: oh awesome.  Maybe i will watch it thanks!
user1: sly fox hilarious
user2: The various animals all have stereotypes
user1: Sounds like a movie I would enjoy!
user2: stereotypes that are accurate to the real life animals :)
user2: Did you leave? :(

conversation:
user2: hi 
user2: im here
user2: im gonig talk whit you
user2: about that movie
user2: zootopia
user1: Hello! What movie is it?
user2: is zootopia
user1: I see. Have you seen it before?
user2: what do you know about it
user2: really no
user1: Oh, okay. What do you think it's about?
user2: but i see litle
user1: Maybe it's about a zoo?
user2: it is an animated film of comedy and adventure is very interesting
user2: there are several anthropomorphic animals
user2: the main character is the nick fox
user1: I like animals. Are there other animals in it?
user2: there are several animals and a burrow
user2: It is the 55th animated film of the Disney classics series.
user1: Cool. Have you seen other Disney films before?
user2: I've seen a few disney before and they are also animals
user1: I've seen some Disney movies before too.
user1: And actually, I've seen Zootopia twice.
user1: It's pretty good!
user2: and is it very funny?
user1: Yes! Lots of good jokes!
user2: ah, it is fantastic
user2: this movie is based on a case that has several animals solve and the main character has to help a rabbit as I am reading.
user1: they solve a mystery!
user1: Shakira plays a gazelle!
user2: It is very novel this argument of a world without human only anthropomorphic animals
user2: are you there
user1: For sure. I like all their different personalities and different stereotypes.
user2: excellent, it's a funny, nice and new story
user1: Very original, which is nice to see.
user1: It seems more and more like movies are all sequels or remakes.
user2: then several of them want to be cops
user1: Who wants to be a cop?
user2: police

conversation:
user2: Hello there. The movie we are discussing is Zootopia
user1: Hi!  What is Zootopia about?
user2: Zootopia is about anthropomorphic mammals, especially a rabbit named Judy Hopps. She was an academy valedictorian when becoming a police officer but she has problems becoming an actual police officer. For example, she was put on parking duty by her chief who didn't see her potential. 
user1: Who is Judy played by?
user2: Judy is played by Ginnifer Goodwin.
user1: Who else is in the movie?
user2: Jason Baterman plays a small-time con artist, fox named Nick Wilde. 
user2: Idris Elba plays the police chief. And Jenny Slate plays a sheep who is the assistant meyor of Zootopia
user1: Oh cool.  Did the movie get good reviews?
user2: It got a 98
user2: 98% on rotten tomatoes
user1: Oh that's good.  What kind of movie is it?  A comedy?
user2: Yes it is a comedy. 
user1: Is it animated?
user2: It is! The animation has been described as "sumptuously state-of-the-art"
user1: Cool.  What year did it come out?
user2: It is fairly recent. It came out in 2016
user1: What was a major scene in the movie?
user2: A major scene in the movie would probably be when they find all of the animals, that have gone savage, at the Cliffside Asylum. They find out that the mayor, Mayor Loinheart, hides them from the public while a scientist tries to find out the cause. This causes Bellweather, the sheep, to become mayor. 
user1: Oh cool, that sounds exciting.  Is this a movie for kids?
user2: This movie has a thoughtful message to it that I think is good for all ages. 
user1: Do you know what it is rated?
user2: Maybe you could check online but it is "fast and funny enough to keep younger viewers entertained" 
user1: Okay great.  Were there any negative reviews?
user2: From what I know, there were none. It was very popular. 
user1: Okay.  Do you know how long it was?
user2: I don't know that but it was directed by Byron Howard and Rich Moore
user2: I really liked the scene when Bellweather is arrested because it shows the viewer that you can't judge a book by the cover. 
user1: That's good that is has a good message. Are there any other good scenes?
user2: Judy upset Nick at a press conference and she felt guilty for how Nick felt about her words and she quit her job. But she realizes more information about the case and returns to Nick to reconcile and get back to the case. It was really bittersweet that they could forgive and become friends again. It teaches children that not all friendships are lost but to be careful of their words
user1: Thats nice.  How does the movie end?
user2: Bellweather gets arrested. 

conversation:
user1: Hello
user1: Have you seen Zootopia before?
user2: Hello
user2: Yes, I have.  I enjoyed it.
user1: We watch it probably once a week or so. My kids really like it.
user2: According to the document, it got really good reviews, too.
user1: I like the part on the document how it has looking past stereotypes. That's a good lesson.
user1: Yeah, I would say 98% on rotten tomatoes is really good- because that review system can be quite harsh. 
user2: Yeah, I was surprised by how intelligent the movie was about social issues.
user2: I agree.  Rotten Tomatoes has a bit too much power these days.
user1: Yes, I have looked up movies before and was shocked to see how low some of the reviews were.  
user2: My page just switched, but it's still about Zootopia.
user1: Yeah, it will be more of the document. I believe 2 more "rounds" of this document.
user1: So now we can see the cast/intro stuff.
user1: My page looks the same tho lol usually it's more stuff. 
user2: I also see a "key scene" bit.  I forgot about the going "savage" bit of the movie.
user1: I don't think I knew that Jason Bateman was the voice of the fox. 
user1: OH yeah. the savage part. I always forget about that part, its a little dark to see, but my kids didn't think much of it.
user1: My favorite part was probably the sloth part.
user2: It helps me not to know the voice actor.  that takes me out of the movie when i recognize the celebrity
user1: that's a good point!  I kind of dont like knowing either.
user1: My document advanced 
user2: yeah, new scene added.  the asylum bit is mentioned.  another dark element.
user1: Yes that was a creepy part too
user2: lot of important themes.  but not preachy if i remember right
user1: I agree. They were sort of just vague things- but not really thrown in your face.  That makes it better.
user1: I think that is why my kids do not get bored with this movie - OR the secret life of pets lol
user1: I wonder if they will make a part 2 for this movie.
user2: maybe the riskiest bit was combining themes of racism with a police story.  it was brave to address that together.
user1: I didn't even think of it like that- pretty brilliant and like ya said, risky.
user2: i would watch a sequel
user2: my document screen is blank now.
user1: oh no- mine has a 3rd section  talking about when judy goes back to nick and they reconicle
user1: then they head to that subway train where the drugs were being developed by the night howlers 
user1: Judy and Nick obtain the serum as evidence, but before they can reach the ZPD,Bellwether confronts them in the Natural History Museum and takes the evidence,revealing herself as the mastermind behind a prey-supremacist conspiracy. Judy andNick are trapped after Nick refuses to abandon an injured Judy. Bellwether shoots aserum pellet at Nick to make him kill Judy, and summons the ZPD for help, but Judyand Nick have replaced the serum pellets in Bellwether's gun with blueberries.Enraged, Bellwether threatens to frame the pair for the attacks, but Judy has recordedBellwether's confession. Bogo and the ZPD arrive and Bellwether is arrested.
user2: oh yeah.  the subway bit is creepy
user1: oh i didnt know it would let me copy it here lol
user1: atleast u can see it now. and i think we can be done now too :D 

conversation:
user2: hi
user1: hi
user2: Do you want to talk about the movie?
user1: The movie is Zootopia released in 2016.
user2: I have watched that movie
user1: Rotten Tomatoes gives it a 98% rating - and 8/10.
user1: I have not seen it.  Was it worth watching?
user2: If you are interested in animations movies, you should also see this one
user1: Do you agree with the Rotten Tomaotes rating?
user1: Is it more of an adult movie or one to watch with kids?
user2: Those are very high ratings especially for rotten tomatoes
user2: it is a family movie, you can watch it with kids
user1: What age on the kids?
user1: What were some of your favorite scenes in the movie?
user2: I do not think there is an age restriction on the movie but the kids should be at some age to understand the movie
user2: there is DMU scene in the movie with sloth bears
user2: the scene is also in the trailers, you should definitely watch that trailer
user1: I will have to do that?
user2: no but it is a really funny scene
user1: How did you like the actors?
user1: Jason Bateman as a fox seems interesting.
user2: this is an animation movie so those are voice actors
user1: I bet Idris Elba made it amusing.
user2: I think she voice the bunny police
user1: I think Ginnifer Goodwin was the bunny police.
user1: Do you like the animation genre?
user2: I am not a real fan of that genre, but I love the famous ones, like Zootopia, Ice Age, etc
user1: I'm like you, not a real fan, but will watch some.
user2: zootopia is really good, if you watch the trailers, you will definitely want to see the movie
user1: Would the movie keep younger kids entertained for just a bit or most of the movie?
user2: definitely for the whole movie.
user1: that would be great then
user2: I heard that they are also making zootopia 2
user1: It must be a good movie if they are making a second one.  I will have to watch the first one for sure.
user2: Sure. do you want to add something about the movie or this is it?
user1: When watching movies in general, do you go by the rating?  Or do you take a chance to watch it if ratings are poor?
user2: I am a big fan of drama, sci-fictions movies. So I go with the genres, not based on ratings. 
user1: That makes sense.  
user1: I go more with the ratings myself.
user1: Do you watch more in theater or on DVD?
user2: Most on DVDs and netflix but I try to go to theaters once a month
user2: you
user2: ?
user1: I always rent.  Haven't been to a theater in years.
user2: for example, I watch the trailer of Zootopia on theater when I went to watch the new Star Wars movie 2 years ago
user1: I can't even remember the last movie in theater I watched.  That is so bad.  haha
user1: If the movie is based on a book, do you read the book?  If so, before or after seeing the movie?
user2: I do not want to wait certain movies to be available on DVD
user1: I keep a list of the ones that I want to see and the release dates.
user2: I do not read many books and I do not remember reading a book after seeing the movie
user1: I usually read the book prior to seeing the movie.  
user2: not my style
user1: What was your favorite character in Zootopia?
user2: of course the slothbear which has only 2-3 mins scene
user2: and then the rabbit bunny
user2: i meant the police lady
user1: From what I am reading, I think I would like the fox and the buffalo.
user2: the fox is the con one, he is also very good in the movie
user1: what about the sheep?  did it have much of a part?
user2: I do not want to give you spilers :)
user2: spoilers 
user1: good point
user1: what message/them did you take away from the movie?
user2: this is not one of those message movies, you go there, watched the movie, laughed a lot and have fun
user1: one of the best kind to have
user2: :)
user1: anything else on the movie you can think to add?
user2: I think you should definitely watch it
user2: at least watch the trailer with the sloth in it, it is about 2 mins
user1: I will have to do that.  Do you think the conversation can me marked as finished?
user2: yeah
user2: thanks for the chat
user1: Alright.  Nice chatting with you.  Thanks

conversation:
user2: hello
user1:  lleHoll
user1: hello
user1: Do you have anything to tell me?
user2: There's this movie you should see
user2: Zootopia.
user1: I like movies!  What is it?
user2: It's animated
user2: and a comedy

conversation:
user1: Have you seen Zootopia?  It is a good kids movie.
user2: Yes I have. Would you watch it again?
user1: Probably if someone wanted to watch it.
user1: It has the anthropomorphic mammals.
user2: Me too. Do you like Jason Bateman? I think he was a good choice to voie a character.
user2: *voice
user1: Yes Jason Bateman was the fox.
user2: He's very funny. 
user1: Yes he is, that is true.
user1: It has state of the art animation too.
user2: Did you find the animations to be cute? I thought they were adorable!
user1: Yes I thought it was "visually stunning" with the city scapes and whatnot.
user1: And yes the character animation was very good as well.
user2: I agree. Rotten Tomatoes even gave it a score of 8/10 which is higher than many movies
user1: Yes that is true, it is highly rated.
user2: It also has a good message to it- Especially how we should look past stereotypes.
user1: Definitely.  one should avoid species-ism.
user2: Do you like how the main character is a rabbit or would you prefer a different animal?
user1: No the rabbit was fine.  The plot involved predators going savage and the rabbit said the wrong thing at the press conference and made the fox upset.
user2: Yes. However the fox was a criminal. I'm glad Judy got praised for solving the case.
user1: Her words caused a lot of tension between predators and prey throughout the city.  It was unintentional though.
user2: That problem causes her to quit her job. What a shame
user1: That was too bad, she wasn't the best at handling the media like a politician.
user2: It is also natural for there to be tension between predators and prey though.
user1: Yes but you have to handle that too, just like different kinds of humans in the real world.  The savagery of the predators was caused by "night howlers" which were a flower.
user1: Which were a type of flower/
user2: It's comparable to the real world where drugs alter people's behavior and cause problems.
user1: Yes, but Bellwether the deputy mayor was having predators shot with a serum from the flowers in order to destabilize everything and become Mayor.
user2: That's wrong on many levels. Judy should have been the mayor because you could see that she had good intentions.
user1: Nah, Judy wasn't enough of a politician.  The lion was a decent mayor, but Bellwether tried to undermine the credibility of all predators in order to take control and make predators second class citizens, sort of a reverse-racist thing because in nature predators are at the top of the food chain.
user1: Well we've both had at least 12 entries so far, but the finish conversation button is grayed out.
user2: That's another way of seeing it. Except if Judy were mayor instead she may have been less experienced but less bad things would have happened.
user1: I guess so, maybe the sheep deputy mayor wouldn't have been as mad because Judy would have been nicer to her.

conversation:
user2: hai
user1: Hello
user2: how are you?
user1: Pretty good. I really recommend the movie zootopia. Have you watched it before?
user2: yes i was watched the movie.
user2: it's really awesome movie
user1: Agreed! I thought it was very funny and it was really fun to watch the different species. My favorite character was Judy Hopps.
user2: I thought Zootopia was this perfect place where everyone got along and anyone could be anything
user1: It really looked past species stereotypes right? 
user1: The movie had a rating of 98% on Rotten Tomatoes, do  you agree with that :)
user2: yes i agree that

conversation:
user1: Hi.
user2: Hey...so, have you ever seen Zootopia before?
user1: No what is it about?
user2: Basically it's an animated film where the premise is that a small town Bunny fulfills her dream of becoming a cop in the big city but it doesn't necessarily go as planned because she is assigned as a parking maid. She eventually pairs up with this con artist Fox and they stumble upon a big crime dilemma. 
user2: Has an all star cast
user2: And a 98%rotten tomatoes rating
user1: Zootopia sounds like a fun movie. Especially for kids. I take it is a cartoon?
user2: Yes, it's awesome for kids, but it's also really entertaining for adults. The kids will love all of the animal characters and the adults will enjoy the plot. 
user2: Do you have kids?
user1: I will have to get my family to watch it. I wonder if I can download it on Amazon. 
user1: Have you seen it?
user1: Rotten tomatoes is a reliable website.
user2: I have seen it, it's awesome! Jason Bateman plays the fox and I think he is terrific. 
user2: The family will love all of the characters. And it's funny!
user1: A meter maid bunny. Somebody had a funny idea.
user1: 98 percent is a really high rating.
user1: Jason Bateman is a good actor. Who else is in it?
user2: Absolutely. The fox is a "con artist" and the Otter is the bad guy. The police chief is a Water Buffalo. 
user2: Idris Elba and Ginnifer Goodwin
user1: Oh I liked Ginnifer Goodwin.
user2: Yea 98% is great, 8/10 on IMDB as well. 
user1: I wonder why only 8 out of ten there? Somebody was tough on them.
user2: I don't want to give too  much of the plot away for you
user1: I appreciate that.
user1: What year did it come out?
user2: Yea, probably. People can be huge critics. But if you generally enjoy movies, especially Pixar movies and whatnot I am confident you will enjoy this one.
user2: It came out in 2016
user1: Pixar is always awesome. I am surprised I missed this one.
user1: Thanks for the info.
user2: Absolutely. Anything else you want to know about it?
user1: No it sounds like something we will rent this weekend.
user2: Awesome, glad I could be of help to you. I really think you and your family will enjoy this one. Get the popcorn ready. 
user1: Lol. Have a good day.

conversation:
user1: Sounds like it would be family oriented
user1: I enjoy comedy moves, don't you?
user2: Yes, very much. Specially animated movies like Zootopia
user2: I really liked the movie. And apparently many other people did too, judging from it 98% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
user2: *its

conversation:
user1: I can't believe that they named that place in Zootopia Bunnyburrow. That is funny because they are rabbits.
user2: i am agree with you
user1: Ginnifer Goodwin was good as Officer Judy Hopps. I also like that funny rabbit reference. 
user2: have u ever watch the mvie
user1: Yes. One of my other favorite things about this movie was the state of the art animation. It was indeed as critics say, a fast and funny movie.
user2: do u like funny movie
user2: i like funny but most documentory
user1: Yes they are good.
user2: this was quite fast
user1: Yes I responded fast. The movie was also done in a fast way that catches your eye.
user2: yes
user1: Do you remember when Judy blackmails Nick into helping her?
user2: some times we just look that what happened
user2: no i dont remember
user2: that was too long
user1: That is true but back to the topic, Judy blackmails Nick into helping her. He confessed to tax evasion.
user1: After that they tracked Otterton to a limousine owned ba a crime boss.
user2: but it was too fussy
user2: dont you think
user1: No I am talking about the movie. The people might have got fussy in the movie I guess.
user1: Remember when at City Hall Bellwether offers Judy and Nick access to the cameras? What did you think about that scene?
user2: i am also talking the movie
user2: it was a movie shoot
user2: and risky
user1: Yes. Remember when they were given access to the cameras?
user1: They found out Manchas was captured by wolves.
user2: yes they were little confused
user2: and also fear
user1: Then after that Judy learns the night howlers are actually toxic flowers.
user2: toxic flower?
user2: what its mean?
user1: It was in the movie. They have severe effects on mammals.
user1: Later Bogo and the ZPD arrived and Bellwether was arrested.
user2: how mammals did;nt know about the movie
user1: There are mammals in the movie because it is about animals. It is called Zootopia because it is a cartoon fantasy movie.
user2: and Zoopia was quite smrat
user2: how long should we have to talk
user2: r u there

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: hi
user1: This movie looks really good, do you like funny movies
user1: ?
user2: Sure. But what kind of funny?
user1: Comedy, Adventure and Animation
user2: so it's an animated comedy?
user1: Yes, the name of the movie is Zootopia, it premiered in 2016.
user2: Is it about a zoo? BAsed on the title...?
user1: No, but you are close!  It's about a world with talking mammals instead of human life.
user2: Hmmm, I do enjoy animals that can talk... :)
user1: Zootopia is the name of the big city it is set in.  Yes, me too!
user2: So what kind of adventures do these talking mammals get into?
user1: The main character is a talking bunny who finished as valedictorian at the Academy but instead of front line police action, she gets parking duty!
user2: And if it's not in the zoo, why the name? Are they zoo animals?
user1: That's just what they called the city they all live in.  There is a red fox who is a con artist, and Idris Elba plays the Water Buffalo police chief.
user2: So the bunny, the fox, and the water buffalo are the main characters?
user1: Yes, there's also a diminutive sheep that is the assistant mayor of Zootopia.
user2: Okay, so what is the plotline of the movie? what are all of these animals doing?
user1: Well the con artist red fox also has a partner in crime, another red fox.  He hustles the rabbit (Judy) on her first day at the police department.  She figures out he is a suspect in another crime and tricks him into confessing to tax evasion.
user1: Then there are different high crime scenes with some of the animals going savage.
user2: What do you mean by "going savage"?
user1: They revert to a feral state.  
user2: Are there any human characters in this movie?
user1: No, just voiceovers for the animated characters.  Anyhow, tudy the new police woman/rabbit is trying to solve a case and uses the city's traffic cameras to find out that wolves have captured and carried off a missing chauffer.
user1: Sorry, Judy not tudy
user2: That's okay. I understood what you meant
user1: Judy finds out that the mayor, whose name is Lionheart is keeping the animals that went savage as hostages imprisoned in a place called Cliffside Asylum.
user2: so who is the protagonist in the movie? presumably the bunny who did well in school and got put on parking duty?
user1: Yes.  The mayor is the bad guy it turns out, he gets arrested for keeping the feral animals prisoners.  The diminutive sheep moves up to the mayor spot.
user1: So Judy quits the police force over some comments she made at a press conference that caused an uproar in the city.
user2: Hmmm, sounds a lot like real life
user1: Yes.  I'm not doing it justice, it is a very well crafted plot, you have got to see it to follow it.
user2: I'm definitely intrigued
user1: There's a finale it looks like at the Natural History Museum.  Mentions a prey-supremacist conspiracy.
user2: Thanks for telling me about it
user1: You're welcome.  It looks like the protagonist is a guy named Bellwether.
user2: That;s very interesting..
user2: I imagine I will check it out. 

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hello
user2: are you interested in Animation movies?
user1: I do like animation movies
user2: Have you got the chance to watch zootopia
user1: I have. I actually own it.
user2: great i too love the movie
user2: What did you liked the most in the movie
user1: I really liked how the bunny realized she was being judgemental and apologized to the fox.
user2: I loved the sloth portion it was very funny
user1: I guess I mean it was how she was prejudiced towards foxes just because of her previous experiences and the opinions of others.
user1: I liked the sloths too. My kids quoted it for weeks
user2: ZPD is cool just like nypd
user1: I agree
user2: i would love to watch the movie again soon
user1: I'm sure my family will watch it again within the next month. It is one of our favorites
user1: Are we just supposed to chat about Zootopia? I don't have the documents.
user1: I mean, can we talk about other animation movies as well?
user2: yes we are supposed to talk about zootopia
user2: the twist with night howlers was good though
user1: Okay, what did you think about the villian
user2: I liked the twist
user1: I was completely surprised that it was the assistant mayor.
user2: yes 
user1: I liked the twist too. 
user2: Lionheart was shocked too
user1: Well, he was a bit oblivious to her in the first place
user1: As evidenced by the mug she received from him
user2: yes 
user2: judy,nick and bellweather all three were bullied 
user1: It just goes to show that almost everyone has been bullied at one time. Even those who are bullies
user1: Well, it's been good to talk to you. Have a good day!

conversation:
user2: Okay! Hello and good evening.
user2: Ready to chat about the movie;)
user1: yes
user1: have you seen zootopia?
user2: Yes I have I absolutely love it 
user2: Just the cutest thing
user1: yes i love judy and how she is persistent on being a police officer. 
user2: Yeah I like how she is so tough
user2: And also the sly fox 
user1: and even when they try to give her a position as a parking attendant she owns it.
user1: yes the fox is great. he is really good inside and wants to also be something greater than his stereo type.
user2: Yes like you can just get lost watching it its so entertaining
user2: Yeah the fox is a hustler
user1: so otterton he was the missing otter that ate the berries. 
user2: im meaning to let my new german shepherd puppy watch zootopia with me lol
user2: yes the otter
user2: Im trying to remember haha its been a minute since i saw the movie
user1: by trying to be a good cop she saved the mob bosses daughter. so when the find the limo he lets them go
user1: and that is how they track otterton to the lab
user1: where the ram has been making them into bad animals
user2: Right because there were all the scratch marks inside the limo
user2: Yeah that was pretty intereting and I especially like the panther in the movie
user2: the rabid panther lol
user1: right the sheep whe was the mayors assistant is in on it and trying to make zootopia just for the herbivorous 
user1: yes he was trying so hard at first to hold it together
user1: oh yes bellweather was the sheeps name.
user2: there was a nother movie that was really good that is an animation you should check out 
user2: its called Son Of Bigfoot 2017
user2: have you seen it?
user1: i have not see that
user2: It is so good and very suspenseful 
user1: so you know who does the voices? any big names
user1: i think your new German Sheppard would like to watch zootopia with you.
user1: maybe snack on some carrots
user2: lol he hasnt had carrots yet
user2: hes 8 weeks old
user2: only thing close is sweet potato
user2: I don't know the voice over actors on that one
user1: zootopia hasGinnifer Goodwin and Jason Bateman as the voices
user2: I love animated movie like one of my favorites has to be ice age 
user2: I am not familiar with those people lol
user1: yes i like when they anthropomorphize animals for movies. 
user1: it makes it more interesting that if they jsut draw people. like when judy was hoping over and over to reach the big cars. and using animals take away the limitation of people. 
user2: Yeah exactly 
user2: The lion king I watched that movie so many times that was like so ggod
user1: jason bateman was in little hosue on the prarrie , silver spoons, hogan family , horrible bosses
user1: ginnifer goodwin played snow white
user2: I feel like people are much more creative in developing animated movie concepts rather than the everyday run of the mill box office movies i mean its like those are so predictable
user2: And there are so many remakes its ridiculous 
user1: yes they can have more freedom with animation there are no restriction on what can be possible. 
user1: do you think you will see zootopia again?
user2: I feel like people need to start coming up with better ideas for movies
user2: Oh definitely that one and Jungle Book
user1: that is great enjoy it . I love it so much. :) havea great night
user2: You too have a great night also

conversation:
user1: The movie sounds cute
user2: yes i agree i think it would be a popular movie
user2: i like how they address stereotypes in this, hopefully teaching kids not to do the same. 
user2: i think using animals is a great way to reach out to kid audiences 

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: Hello
user2: Do you know What is the title of the movie ?
user1: Zootopia
user1: How do you like thier introduction?
user1: Funny how they chose the rabbit to be a cop
user1: and the villians are foxes
user2: Yes, I think it is funny
user2: Especially the scene when the rabbit tries to talk to the slow moth
user1: yea that was a funny scene
user1: I think the director did a good job of creating personalities that are alot based on the animal species
user2: I agree 
user2: I only saw the trailer. What is your rate of the move from 1 to 10?
user1: I give it 8
user2: what is/are stopping you from giving it a 9 or 10?
user1: I dont really like cartoon movies that much 
user2: I see, but why did you decide to watch it? 
user1: with friends 
user2: Did you see it at a theater or from a DVD?
user1: in the theater
user1: I think we are suppose to talk about the pages on the left
user2: oh I think our tasks are different
user2: mine is to inquire about the movie
user1: Oh right you dont have access to it
user2: :)
user2: is it a happy ending movie?
user1: well on the new screen they talk about how the bunny is getting psycdelic effects from some toxic flowers lol
user1: yes it was 
user2: I'm out of idea haha
user1: I think the movie haws enough adult references to make it good comedy watch 
user2: oh really
user1: not just kid friendly disney movie 
user2: This movie has been quite awhile right?
user2: I saw the trailer long ago
user1: not really but within the year 
user2: When I was young I like to watch cartoon movies a lot

conversation:
user1: Did you know Ginnifer Goodwin was Judy Hopps?
user2: I am not clear about  the story
user2: how was the movie?

conversation:
user1: Hello! 
user2: hello! Have you seen Zootopia 
user1: I have, yes! 
user1: Have you? I went to see it in the theaters with my younger brother and sister.
user2: Wonderful! Yes it's one of my favorite Disney movies!! I really felt that it approached some heavy topics a a brilliant way.
user2: Haha I went and saw it in theaters with my older brother!
user1: What do you think that the most important topic it covered was? I liked that it was humorous, and really engaging for a younger crowd... but like typical Disney movies, it's got subtle content for older people. 
user2: It definitely handled discrimination in a way that was palatable to kids, but  it hit hard as an adult because it makes you look at the parallels in our lives. One of the best things about Disney movies in my opinion...it's not just for one target audience.  
user2: Plus Judy Hops is an amazing character!
user1: Totally agree.I think it also showed that things aren't always what they seem - and that people often have ulterior motives and hidden skills.
user1: Strong female police officers aren't exactly being shown in every single movie about LEO. 
user2: yeah I feel that it's super awesome that they had that "you don't have to fit into some's box in order to follow your dreams" theme 
user1: Agreed. It's a good introduction to the way that things can be complex! 
user1: it's also really interesting to me that movies have changed so much since i was little. I grew up with things like Fox and the Hound and A Bug's Life, and now they're making socially relevant movies for toddlers.
user2: Absolutely! I feel like it is going to end up being a really under rated movie, which makes me sad haha. It's well written, the cast is stellar and the message is solid. 
user2: I think it's awesome that Disney doesn't under cut children and dumb things down cause "they're kids and wont understand"
user1: When I heard who the voices were, I was surprised. They've been able to get some great voice talent in recent Disney animated movies.
user1: Yeah, even if they don't totally understand what they're seeing or hearing, it's still a good experience and a way to prepare them for what to expect when they get older. 
user1: I honestly don't know of many of my friends that actually saw this movie, which is kind of a surprise
user2: YES! It's such a safe way to learn about real life before it gets unfriendly. Haha I'm like a super geek and like force all of my friends to watch Disney with me lol.
user1: Yes, especially going with older family members. t
user1: That's why I try to take my siblings to movies, because I want them to learn more than just what's online or on TV. You can only tell so much with shortened videos. 
user2: Yep!  And no matter how many times I have watched it the scene at the DMV has me rollin. I love it.
user2: Also Mr. Big cracks me up as well.
user1: I honestly didn't notice any difference in that scene between the movie and the real DMV. 
user2: For real! It's so brilliant!
user1: Finnick was super cute, too. 
user1: and another "look beyond the surface" moment
user2: Haha ohmygoodness yes! Plus all of the clever inside jokes and references were really clever too
user1: I sometimes wonder if they have an employee that is just there to figure out how to get the one-liners and the hidden stuff into these movies. 
user2: Haha I hope so! Who ever makes it happen they are fantastic and deserve a raise and a cookie 
user1: lots of them. they've been doing good work for a really long time. (realistically i know it's multiple people, but.....)
user2: Well yeah, it's just fun to picture one overly sarcastic individual, with his own office in the corner, and people have to cautiously knock on the door to retrieve the goods for the latest movie
user1: Well, whatever he or she is doing, it's working. 
user1: Glad to have the opportunity to chat with you about Disney, I hope you have a wonderful night! 

conversation:
user1: I LIKE THE MOVIE
user2: OHH
user2: HELLO
user1: haiiii
user1: how was the film??
user2: its nice
user1: are you from?
user2: india
user2: you from
user1: are you like the movie?
user2: YES I LIKE THE MOVIE
user2: YOU LIKE THIS MOVIE
user1: ya i too
user2: HOW MANY TIME YOU WATCH THIS MOVIE
user1: 2 times 
user2: OH REALLY
user1: yes 
user1: what  was the jouner u liked from this movie?
user2: ALL THAT I LIKE 
user2: YOU LIKE THAT
user1: ohh nice 
user2:  THIS MOVIE
user1: did you like the  director?
user2: YES LIKE THAT
user2: YOU LIKE THAT
user2: YES
user1: who is your favorite hero?
user2: ARE YOU LOVE THIS MOVIE
user1: ya  i loved this movie
user2: DO YOU UNDERSTAND THIS MOVIE
user1: ya ofcourse 

conversation:
user1: Hi
user1: Hello?
user2: Yes.. Did you watch Zootopia?
user1: Yeah I've actually seen it
user1: Pretty good movie actually
user2: What do you like best aboiut it?
user2: about
user1: Pacing was spot on.
user1: Animation was good, but that's kind of the norm for Pixar now
user2: I like it too but some kids might find it a little scary..
user2: I think it has a good theme and moral lesson
user1: Can't remember the moral lesson. Is it don't be racist?
user2: About being honest and to pursue your dream
user2: Nick the fox tried to trick Judy but eventually they become friends. 
user1: Oh right, it's starting to come back to me now.
user2: Yes.. and apparently, Nick was bullied because people consider him untrustworthy as a fox
user1: Ah right, he was trying to join boy scouts or something like that but was bullied for being a fox.
user2: That is so sad... 
user1: I think it's still about racism and prejudice, the movie's moral theme, that is
user2: Yes.. some people just assume and judge other people
user1: Did you notice that Shakira was the gazelle?
user2: No, I didn't
user2: She was sexy even as a gazelle! lol
user1: Yeah, it's great how they made the gazelle dance like Shakira.
user2: Love it... nice song.. I still have it in my phone
user1: Can't remember the name of the song
user2: Try everything
user1: ok
user1: Did you notice Idris Elba as the water buffalo?
user2: Do you know who play the bunny?
user1: The bunny was Snow White from the TV show ONce Upon a TIme
user2: I did not.. 
user1: Pretty good casting
user2: Wow.. I did not know that.. 

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hi, How are you ? I have read the document about Zootopia and it sounds like it is a brilliant movie.  What do you think?
user1: Have you seen zootopia yet?
user1: It seems like it would be really good to watch with my grandkids
user1: What would make you want to watch it
user2: yes. I have seen it several times.  I think it is a great movie and is well described in the document.
user1: I think the diversity in this movie world be great!
user1: Would*
user1: It's rated 8 out of 10
user1: I have seen it advertised a lot recently
user1: I only received one document
user1: How many have you received?
user2: yes, it is described in the document as clever funny and diverse
user1: It also States that it would be a great holiday treat
user2: I received 1 about Zootopia only.  The document describes the summary and cast of the film
user2: yes it says it looks past stereotypes 
user1: I think it's great that it teaches to look over stereotypes
user1: Wow we both seen that at the same time!
user2: the document changed for me did it change for you?
user1: Makes you want to cheer little bunny Judy on!
user2: This document describes the remainder of the movie including the antagonist.
user1: There are too many people in this world that do things to hurt others and l believe that movies like this help to deter that.
user2: this one talks about night howlers
user1: Mine is still about Zootopia
user1: What is night owl about
user1: Night howlers
user2: it just changed again to what seems like a description of the middle of zootopia
user1: Do you find this confusing as to what they are wanting?
user2: It states that there are animals who go savage 
user2: Yes. Very!!!
user2: It states that one of the charaters were bullied.
user1: Yes they need to be more explanation
user1: Night howlers are toxic flowers. I see it now
user2: I think they want us to sum up what we see.
user1: Traffic cameras even in this movie
user1: It seems to explain the movie very well
user2: The document changed again to another section.  More details.  It seems like the document is becomming longer
user1: I really need to watch it one day
user1: I noticed that also. A lot more detail
user2: yes.  It does.  It describes the major and press conferences.  the main character solves the case
user1: Tax occasion with a  pen 
user1: Invasion*

conversation:
user2: Hai
user1: Whats up, have you seen Zootopia? Cause I have no idea what its about
user2: This is fully entertainment and comical movie
user2: What do you select this movie
user1: select this movie? What do you mean
user2: No this is super movie
user1: Haha, I still don't follow
user1: I mean it got good ratings if that is what you are referring to as "super"
user2: It was very good movie and ratting was good
user2: Hey
user2: Why you not like this movie
user2: Its very nice movie
user2: Hey replay me.......
user1: sorruy
user1: I don't know if I would like it
user2: Why was late
user1: Reading through the intro
user1: Had to answer the door
user2: Ok overall this movie is nice
user1: Have you seen it?
user1: What did you like about it?
user2: Its like full entertainment...all are must watch this movie.
user2: Its very comical movie
user1: Well it came out in 2016 so if I see it on TV, I'll give it a shot
user2: Oh is nice job
user1: So who is your favorite actor in it
user1: anyone?
user1: ...
user2: Rabbit
user1: You are making no sense....
user2: This is nice movie
user1: Is that all you are going to say?
user1: You haven't once used the document to the left of your screen..
user1: And we only have 10 minutes left on the HIT..
user1: Awesome
user2: Hey sorry for inconvenience rply.. jason acting was good 
user1: You really shouldn't accept these hits if you aren't going to say anything
user1: How big was jason's role?
user2: Its nice acting this jason

conversation:
user1: what is the movie about?
user1: hello
user2: Hi so Zootopia Is an animation about animals living like humans. Judy Hopps from rural Bunnyburrowfulfills her childhood dream of becoming a police officer in urban Zootopia.
user2: Despite being theacademy valedictorian, Judy is delegated to parking duty by Chief Bogo, who doubts herpotential because she is a rabbit. On her first day, she is hustled by a con artist fox duo, NickWilde and Finnick.

conversation:
user1: Do you like zootopia?
user2: i'VE NEVER SEEN IT BEFORE
user1: Oh ok, its a great movie, it has some really funny moments
user2: Just reading about it, it sounds kinda dumb though
user1: its alright, went and saw it with my little cousin
user2: I suppose if i were really in the mood for a comedy and i had none others to choose from,,,,i'd watch it lol
user1: Do you generally watch movies from disney?
user2: like, what's an anthromophoric mammal lol
user2: only with my grandkids
user1: An anthro means animal with human qualities
user1: Since you never seen the movie its hard to choose what question to ask lol
user1: There is a character Nick who is a fox in the movie, hes the funniest
user2: ya, i know. The whole concept seems so strange
user2: I see he's "voiced" by Jason Bateman
user1: Yea
user1: He does great voice acting
user2: ya i like him alot,,,but not usually as an animal!  :)
user1: lol yeah
user2: I dont see that there's any musical numbers in this film  :)
user1: yeah i dont think anyone sings. exept one of the characters who is played by beyonce
user2: which i would expect from Disney
user2: oh Beyonce?  i gotta look at which charachter she is
user1: disney has been on a roll with animated movies lately
user1: she plays a singing Gazelle
user2: for sure!
user2: they sure have been
user1: Judy is great as she is the main character, a bunny
user1: She shows that even if your small you can still acheive great things 
user2: Well this is all so bizzare i may just have to look it up tonight to watch with my grandkids!  lol
user1: Yeah its a great family movie for sure. 
user2: oh that's a worthwhile premise!
user2: I didnt see how long it was
user1: I think 90 minutes?
user2: oh that's reasonable
user2: is Zootopia the only movie or is it a series of them?  I didnt see that on there
user1: Its the only movie, its not a series
user2: I dont see the document any more
user1: I thought the movie was hilarious and very well animated. 
user1: Hmm weird
user2: well i definately think ill be taking youre advise on watching it
user2: although i betcha the grandkids have already seen it
user1: yeah for sure, its one of the top 10 disney movies in my opinion 
user2: oh wow!  THAT good huh?
user1: Heck yeah
user2: i wonder if i know any of the other "actors" in it
user1: Its a movie that gets you thinking about how we see society and who we think should be on top vs who should be on the bottom and teachings kids to not judge someone based on their size or how they look 
user2: mm hmm i read that in one of the reviews as well. that's definately a worthwhile message

conversation:
user1: Hi!
user2: hello

conversation:
user1: Hello, how are you?
user2: I am well. How are you?
user1: Good.  We are here to discuss Zootopia, right?
user2: My document did not load, so unfortunately I just have what you say to go off of. 
user1: Okay.  Have you seen the movie Zootopia?
user2: I have not. What can you tell me about it?

conversation:
user2: this movie sure has some good reviews.
user1: Ah, I have seen this movie many many times with my children, have you seen it?
user2: Yes, I also seen it with my kids
user1: I really enjoyed the part with Nick when he was a con art with finnick cause it was creative to remelt the popsicles
user2: Haha, that part was great!
user1: It also appears that rotten tomatoes and IMDB have high ratings for it, good to see
user2: yeah, this movie did really well with the critics
user1: as it should. I would re-watch it, in fact I do. 
user2: I've seen it once with my kids. I am surprised they haven't asked to watch it again.
user1: I like how judy has high ambitions to become the first rabbit cop
user2: That was hilarious! Funny character.
user1: poor nick is actually a good guy but people stereotype him as a untrustworthy "fox"
user2: That was brilliant. I loved the sheep character, too.
user1: yea who would of thought she was a Baaaaaaad guy....lol
user1: I also had no idea jason bateman played Nick!
user2: Oh wow, neither did I. thats cool
user2: lol
user2: I wonder if they are planning a sequel
user1: Do you like animation movies?
user1: I would love to see a sequel! 
user2: Yes, most of them
user2: My kids watch them and I must admit, I enjoy a lot of them.
user1: They seem to have some scenes and plots much directed at adults, lil inside jokes and snippets kids dont pick up on
user2: Most definitely
user1: Do you agree with the rotten tomatoes rating of 98%? thats pretty high!
user2: I do. It is high, but this was definitely a movie worthy of that score.
user1: its a good movie and all, but I've seen better animated movies than this, however I did laugh incredible hard during the DMV scene with FLASH 
user2: Oh man, that scene was hilarous.
user1: it is the best one of the whole movie, I cried almost first few times I saw it
user1: nice talking to you! :)

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi, have you seen zootopia?

conversation:
user2: Hello. How are you?
user2: Are you a Zootopia fan?
user1: I am good. I have never seen the movie. Have you every heard of anthropomorphic mammals?
user2: I have not actually
user1: Juddy Hopps fulfills her childhood dream of becoming a police officer. Do you feel that this inspires people to dream?
user2: I think it does actually. 
user2: Did you see the 98 rating on Rotten Tomatoes? That is really good
user1: Do you feel that Judy, the rabbit, is a good animal to choose for the role? In the movie she seems to doubt her potential. No, I did not see it. 
user2: I think it is a great choice.
user1: Unfortunately, she is fooled by a con artist fox. Do you feel there are real life foxes who steal others dream as portrayed in the movie?
user2: I do not think so. The movie had two directors. That is interesting.
user1: Unfortunately, Judy was class valedictorian but was on parking duty. Do you feel that this goes against the stereotype that valedictorians will have success later in life?
user2: I am not sure. The message of the film is really nice. 
user1: How do you feel about Judy changing into a criminal or blackmailing Nick?
user2: I think that was a good thing because it allowed her to grow from that and change later
user1: Do you like that a bad deed by Judy turned into a mission that would save Nick?
user2: I thought that was really interesting
user1: There are people who are bullied in real life. Do you feel that having a fox or Nick being portrayed as a person being bullied is a good animal to choose for this role?
user2: Yeah, a fox is a good choice in my view
user1: In society, the city would never allow access to traffic cameras. Do you feel that city hall was correct in allowing this access to Judy and Nick?
user2: Yes, I think so. Did you see the rating on iIMDB was 8/10?
user1: I think that is a good rating for an animated film. However, there is an important detail in the story. Do you feel that Judy should have quit her job?
user2: I think so. I don't see any other way for everything working out
user1: Do you suppose that receiving praise for good deeds can sometimes lead to one's demise?
user2: Of course. It can give one a lot of ego.
user1: I think so too. I feel that Judy made the right decision.
user2: I agree. 
user1: There were many great lessons in Zootopia. 
user2: Thats what makes it so great
user2: did you like the sloth?
user1: No, it seems as if the interesting character is Judy. She goes through many challenges that test her dreams and ambitions and learns some important lessons about friendship and the law.
user2: Thanks for chatting!
user1: Thanks

conversation:
user1: Hellow
user1: How are you?
user1: Have you seen any good movies lately?
user2: HI
user2: I am fine
user2: How are you
user1: I'm good. Have you seen Zootopia?
user1: it's a animated movie about anthropomorphic mammals
user2: No.. I see the latest movie of rock
user2: the name is zoomangi
user1: it follows the first bunny officer in a urban setting
user2: oh.k.. 
user2: interesting
user1: Zootopia is def the type of movie that the rock would have been in
user2: which year this film is released
user1: It offers a thoughtful inclusie message that is rich and timely 
user1: it was released in 2016
user2: oh... super.. 
user1: Rotten tomatoes has it sitting at 98%
user2: can you give the exact name of this movie
user1: Do you usually watch animated movies?
user1: It's called Zootopia 
user2: oh... k. i will search after some time to watch
user1: I def recommend it 
user2: ok ok
user1: fun for the whole family but i've watched it on my own 
user2: i rarely see the animated movie
user1: Ah. what was the last animated movie you saw?
user1: the characters are so well written and have such dept, I didn't even mind that it was animated. 
user2: i just saw the movie trailer in youtube.. it is nice
user1: There is this one harrowing scene that has the main character in a deadly situation and she is hunted by wolves, I actually cared for her safely. Which I'm rarely that involved in a movie. 
user1: It was got a oscar nom
user2: oh.. interesting. this zootopia trailer is very colorful 
user1: yeah, it's a beautifully colored movie, 
user1: the colors actually lend into the emotions during the scenes
user2: yes.. 
user1: Do you like social justice?
user2: did you watch this movie theatre or online
user1: This movie promotes fairness and teaches kids in such a gentle way 
user1: I saw in online 
user2: ok...fine
user1: I honestly didn't think i would see it until a friend convinced me to 
user1: Hope you see it! Bye!
user2: m. thanks. bye. 

conversation:
user1: Good morning
user2: Hello, I'd like to tell you about a movie.
user1: Have you seen any good movies lately?
user2: I recently saw the movie Zootopia. The movie was recently released in 2016.
user1: What kind of movie is it?
user2: It is a Comedy movie that takes place in a world populated by anthropomorphic mammals.
user1: So it is a cartoon?
user2: Correct. It is an animated comedy movie.
user1: how long is the movie?
user2: I'm unable to provide the specific length of the movie, but the thoughtful, inclusive message included in this state-of-the-art animation movie makes the movie feel like it goes pretty fast. 
user1: Did you enjoy the movie?
user2: I did enjoy the movie. I think that the director did a great job of making the movie enjoyable for all ages, especially for the young viewers. 
user1: Was there good music?
user2: I cannot comment on the music in the movie. 
user1: Do you know what ages this movie is recommend for?
user2: I can't provide specific ages, but with this being an animated movie I would assume that it is intended fo viewers between the ages of 6-12. 
user1: Would you see it again if you had the opportunity?
user2: Yes I would see this movie again. In fact, this movie received a 96% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. It also scored an average of 8/10. 
user1: Sounds like it was a pretty good movie!
user1: what was your favorite part?
user2: One of my favorite scenes was when the main character, Officer Judy Hoops, and her partner, Nick Wilde, gain access to the city's traffic cameras and discover that a group was captured by wolves. They located the missing persons and solved the case. 
user1: Do you have a character you fell in love with?
user2: I think the main character is easy to fall in love with. She's very optimistic and has a good outlook on her life. She's definitely easy to root for in this movie. 
user1: Did you take young kids with to watch this movie?
user2: I did, and they thoroughly enjoyed it!
user1: Sounds like it is one of those movies kids would watch repeatedly.
user1: Can you tell me anything else about it?
user2: There are a few big name actors and actresses that voice the characters. Ginnifer Goodwin, Jason Bateman, Jenny Slate, and Idris Elba.
user1: how were the graphics?
user2: The graphics were very good. There are a lot of different animals portrayed in this movie which made the graphics really good. 

conversation:
user2: I love this movie Zootopia, I have watched it numerous times!
user2: have you ever seen this movie
user1: me too i love it what's you find interressant about the movie
user2: I love how they used different animals in the movie as a way to portray different kind of people
user2: Like the slow sloths at the DMV that part was hilarious and so true, if we were animals the workers at the DMV would totally be sloths
user1: yes so true 
user2: what is your favorite part about the movie 
user1: it was very funny movie, zootopia offers a thoughtful message about the state -of- the art animation
user1: what's the name of the police officer in the movie
user1: what do you think about Judy Hoops as actor in this movie?
user1: what is the rating of this movie?
user2: im sorry
user2: i completely forgot about this 
user2: it looks like the rating is 8.1 out of 10 on IMDB
user2: and rotten tomates 98% so the ratings are really good
user2: The police officer is Judy Hopps right? 
user2: the bunny
user2: I think the acting and animation were excellent in this movie
user1: yes he is 
user2: That is so true about Zootopia having characters look beyond sterotpes 
user2: sterotypes and assumptions
user1: yes so true 
user2: thats funny carnivores eat herbivorous because it is in their nature 
user2: very true
user1: did you like this movie
user2: I loved this movie 
user1: did you watched before?
user2: I have watched it quite a bit 
user2: yes have you
user1: what is the names of the characters?
user2: Judy is the bunny cop
user2: and Nick is the sly fox
user2: is that right
user2: I love when she asks Nick, the fox to join the ZPD as her new partner 
user1: yes, judy, Manchas , Otterton
user2: Do you usually watch animations
user1: yes sometimes 
user1: what is night howlers?
user2: I remember that part with night howlers
user2: they are the toxic flowers 
user2: that made all the mammals messed up
user1: where did they find Doug?
user1: yes right 
user2: In the laboratory hidden in the city subway
user2: does judy quit her job
user1: why Judy and Nick obtain the serum?
user1: no is not right 
user2: don't they obtain the serum to solve the case
user1: right the serum was evidence
user1: why Judy was upset at a press conference?
user1: where Bellwether confronts Judy and Nick?
user2: i am not sure
user2: why is she upset 
user2: was it was she said
user2: about animals having a predatory biological cause for their recent behaviors 
user1: in the Natural History, he want to take the evidence
user2: Why was nick so upset about his childhood
user1: was was arrested at the end?
user2: yes
user2: nick was bullied as when he was a kid 
user2: because he was a fox
user2: is that right
user1: yes i think so
user1: why Bellwether shoots the serum pellet?
user2: to make nick turn savage
user2: well give him the effects of the toxic flower 
user2: the night howlers
user2: is that right
user1: yes so he kill Judy 
user1: right 
user2: but judy knew
user2: or realized at the time 
user2: that is what made the animals messed up
user1: he realized at the time
user2: do you think this movie deserved the rating it received 
user1: 98% i think its good rating it good movie to watch
user2: i agree
user2: it desereved that rating
user1: why Judy and Nick confromt Weaselton?
user2: does the end automatically 
user2: this conversation
user1: they said 4 paragraph i see only 3
user1: may be we have to click at finish conversation
user2: that is what i am wondering 
user2: i have never done this one before, so i am not quite sure how it works
user1: me too first time 

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hi
user1: I would like to encourage you to see the movie Zootopia.
user2: Yes
user1: It is a great animated feature about anthropomophic animals, including a young rabbit who is a rookie cop.
user2: Yes.
user1: She learns about being a parking duty officer, but experiences hardship when she is hustled by a pair of con artists.
user2: Yes.
user1: Many of the stereotypes rabbit Judy Hopps encounters have parallels to human experiences.  All in all it is a fun and likeable movie which has received a number of favorable reviews by critics.
user2: Yes
user1: Actors Ginnifer Goodwin, Jason Bateman, Idris Elba, and others round out a cast which delivers a thoughtful message of inclusiveness and has moments of humor, pathos, and suspense.
user1: Would you feel like seeing this movie?
user2: Yes
user1: There are many things to like about the film, and it delivers a lot of its promise of fun.
user2: Yes
user1: Perhaps the best thing about this film is the animation, which is delivered in Disney style through state-of-the art methods.
user2: Yes
user1: The story was directed by Byron Howard.
user1: One key thing to remember is the high ranking achieved on rotten tomatoes for this movie of 98% fresh.
user2: Yes
user1: Judy recieves praises for solving her case, but has to go above and beyond what she expected when guilt over the aftermath causes her to quit her job.
user1: Do you plan to see this film?
user2: Yes
user1: That's great.  I do recommend it highly.
user1: Be sure to watch for a fun performance by Jenny Slate as an administrative sheep.
user1: There are many reasons to see this great family film.
user2: Yes
user1: Another enjoyable and humorous performance is given by Bateman as a sly fox with a sad childhood.
user1: What do you think so far?
user2: Yes
user1: Have I interested you in the movie?
user1: What do you think you will most enjoy?
user1: I think anyone could enjoy the movie, whether or not they have kids.
user2: yes
user1: When you see the movie, would you review it for a website?
user2: Yes
user1: That's great.  When you see it, please consider doing that so others can see what you thought.
user2: Yes
user1: Are you comitted to seeing the movie because of something new you learned in this conversation?
user2: Yes
user1: Do movie reviews usually influence your choice of movie to watch?
user1: Please tell me what influences your choice of films.
user2: Yes
user1: I liked the scene where Judy is given her parking duty job because of the humor between her and the coworkers.
user1: What would you like to discuss about hte film?
user1: the
user1: Please participate in a dialogue about the movie.
user2: Yes

conversation:
user1: Hi there!
user2: Hi.
user1: is there a movie we are supposed to chat about?
user2: The movie is called Zootopia.
user2: It is an animated story.
user1: oh I have heard of it! have you seen it?
user2: I have seen it and I think it
user2: great
user2: Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 98% score.
user1: maybe I will watch it
user1: that is a high score!
user2: It has an all-star cast of actors. Big time actors
user1: who are some of them?
user2: Idris Elba, Jason Bateman
user2: the director is Byron Howard and apparently Rich Moore. Both directing.
user1: oh cool! definitely want to see it now
user1: does it have a good plot?
user2: Theres a crime that takes place and they have a limited time to solve it.
user2: So they go on a bit of an adventure.
user1: nice! is it funny?
user2: I would say it definitely enjoyable and funny. 
user2: Great animation and the budget is high.
user2: The animals have their own police department.
user1: yeah a lot of my friends have seen it and said it's a great movie
user1: haha that sounds interesting
user2: its very anthropomorphic 
user1: is it an all ages movie?
user2: Definitely all-ages.
user1: i think it's on netflix actually, do you happen to know?
user2: I'm not sure if it's on netflix. Maybe you could be right. If it is, I would definitely give it a watch.
user1: I might do that tonight actually! 
user1: thanks for the suggestion
user2: Animated films like this one will definitely be enjoyable without too much effort put forth on the part of the watcher.
user2: its not an art-house flick
user1: oh good to know. 
user1: yeah i am not really a fan of those
user1: I do like animations though like despicable me 
user2: If you like highly-rated films and all-family, all-ages kind of thing - i'd definitely indulge in this one!
user1: I definitely will! 

conversation:
user1: This movie has a good cast
user1: This movie has a good cast
user2: Yes, Also the story is good I love officer Hopps
user1: Nick Wilde seems like a good character as well.
user2: Yeah....and is hilarious how they talk about rabbit female discrimination  
user1: Seems like a good holiday movie 
user2: haha.... that couple Hopps and Bogo are kind of cool
user1: I like the message that they want people to look past stereotypes
user2: Yeah good message, and a rabbit cop is cute.
user1: Sounds like it will be a good comedy.
user2: Do you like this kind of comedy?
user1: I think it will be different but cute. What about you do you like comedy?
user2: Just a little bit, comedy is not my favorite.
user1: That is understandable.  Bunnyburrow is a cute name for a town.
user2: I love when Manchas "get savage" hahaha so funny did you liked that part?
user1: That part was funny and then Judy saves the day
user2: yeah, and then Judy learns that Nick was bullied as a child.... thats kind of sad
user1: That is and it is true to life so people can relate to it .
user2: when Lionheart and the others are arrested and Bellwether becomes Mayor is awesome.
user1:  Yes, I like that they hide them so the scientist can find out why they are acting the way they are .
user2: Did you liked that Judy and Nick became friends at the end?
user1: Yes I think lots of people will like the healthy ending
user1: happy
user2: Yeah, I like what Ginnifer Goodwin did with Judy
user2: A really nice movie for kids.
user1: Yes and I like that they did this movie so it would be appealing to all audiences.
user2: Exactly, you can watch it with family and and enjoy.
user1: And it shows that people still want to be police officers when they grow up
user2: Hahaha.... yes! But I think that the cute puppies and animals make the police look more cute!
user1: I agree with you . I think this movie will overall be a fun, cute, family movie
user2: Yes, I think comedy is most of the times for all the family
user1: And the characters will keep young children entertained 
user2: Do you generally watch this kind of movies?
user1: I have. I try to watch all different kinds of movies.
user2: Cool, I prefer horror movies haha
user1: Yes horror is good, best watched in the dark with the lights out .
user2: But is always cute to watch a movie were the characters are cute animals.

conversation:
user1: Hey. 
user1: Zootopia! awesome pick
user2: I have to read it first ok 
user1: Sure
user2: so I think that the police officer and the con artist would be good  and the sheep and buffolo seems quite funny
user2: did you see this movie ?
user2: what did you like about it ?
user1: Yeah I did 
user2: you have to explain why you liked it ?
user1: It was good movie for the whole family, adults and kids too
user1: I liked the characters and they had a lot of humor that you wouldn't expect
user2: but you are not explaining WHY you liked it for ? they want more specifics ok
user1: I liked the main character Judy was a bunny that became a police officer in zootopia city. the setting was good with a lot of hidden messages to reality that we live in everyday
user1: It didn't have any down time where you were bored pretty fast paced 
user2: it seems like a very entertaining movie and it looks like the bad guy got caught by the bunny ha
user2: alot going on here want to read more ok
user2: so they make out the fox to be the conning bad guy as a character because foxes are supposed to be sly lol
user1: Yeah really if you haven't seen it is a good one the other main character is a fox 
user1: sneaky con artist type
user2: so Judy catches him because she records him and then black mails him and tells the IRS 
user1: yeah they become friends eventually there is other bad guys
user2: so Judy feels bad because she judged the fox and quits her job because of it 
user2: then they go to the asylum 
user1: yeah she was upset that nick was in trouble because of her
user2: and the mayor is a lion ?
user1: yeah he is funny too
user2: and the scientist tries to figure out what caused them to act that way and they find out that its caused from flowers wow
user2: it seems kind of confusing and a lot going on here lol
user1: yeah some kind of poisonous stuff
user2: that is really great that they put blueberries in the gun and Bellwether gets arrested yaaa 
user2: Judy does a lot of recording lol
user1: yeah nick taught her that lol
user2: and they introduce the ram called Doug who was hidden in the lab, very exciting movie to be sure ha
user1: yeah I watched it in theaters and my kids watch it regularly at home now
user2: so glad that it all ended well and the bad guy was arrested and they found out what was the reason behind the wolves getting crazy 
user2: I don't think that I watched it but just the previews ha
user2: it seems very suspenseful but yet funny for a cartoon show 
user1: yeah it keeps you interested 
user2: so did Judy every come back and become a cop ?
user1: yeah she does after she goes home and finds nick  and apologizes 
user2: that is great !
user2: it doesn't really say here 
user1: yeah they become partners in the end
user2: that is what it looks like so I guess that the lessen learned her is NOT to judge others soley by what you see on the outside but what is in the inside of a person
user2: Judy assumed that because they were wolves that they were just wild when the whole time they were being drugged
user1: yeah the wolves were great they howled a lot lol
user2: so I think that we are done here? are they going to just let us know ?
user2: I might just go and go and rent it sometime, even though I am an adult and don't have children I sometimes watch the cartoon movies if they are funny ha
user2: We have both done over 15 messages so what is going on ?
user1: Not sure maybe a timer?
user1: oh finish conversation, lol
user1: at the bottom
user2: ok I thought that we weren't supposed to hit that unless someone didn't come onto the conversation after 5 min
user2: so should we do it and hit finish ?

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hello. What did you think of Zootopia?
user1: It sounds like a very interesting movie, I really like that they used anthropomorphic animals.
user2: Yes! The anthropomorphic animals were very interesting. The movement and quality of the movie was fabulous.
user1: I really like the message of looking past stereotypes, it was a great was to present how prejudice and assumptions can hurt others.
user2: Definitely, I was very impressed. Though it was a children's comedy, the movie had large themes and important points. Stereotypes are harmful and can drive people to extremes like what happened in the movie.
user1: Yes, definitely. The characters were very relate able and the story line was really engaging. 
user2: Did you have a favorite moment from the movie?
user1: I'm not sure if I have a favorite moment, but I really enjoyed watching Nick's character development through the movie. What about you, do you have a favorite moment?
user2: Nick's character really did develop. I think my favorite moment is when Judy is assigned to give out tickets and she tickets hundreds of cars. 
user1: Yes, I liked that she did the best she could even thought the job sucked and she did a crazy good job. Do you generally like this type of movie? 
user2: Yes, I think that movies that provoke thought are great. Talking about our society as a whole is important. Like in key scene number one where they are calling certain animals bad names. It is important to think about what we are saying to others. What about you, do you generally like this type of movie?
user1: Yes, I really enjoy animated movies and shows in general. I know that Zootopia was really highly rated by critics, do you usually pay attention to that before watching a movie?
user2: Animated movies and shows are great. I sometimes do pay attention. It depends. If I really want to watch a movie, I will not care too much. However, if I am going in theatres or to pay for a movie, I like researching it.
user2: What about you?
user1: Pretty much the same haha. If it's a genre I'm really into then I don't usually care what the ratings are. The animation and music was really good in this one too. I can't really think of any part of it I didn't enjoy.
user2: The only thing is that I thought it did get a little dark at times. It was amazing quality. Did you agree with the Rotten Tomatoes score? I would say it was accurate.
user1: Yeah it did get a little dark, my kids got scared a few times but they are 3 and 5. I think it's a pretty awesome rating, like almost perfect. It got pretty tense after Judy had the press conference.
user2: I could definitely see how they would get scared. It was intense. It really made you care about the characters.
user1: Yeah I agree. I think one downside for me was it started to get long for my kids, I think it was little long for younger kids.
user2: I could see that. The plot got kind of complicated and a little drawn out.
user1: Yes it did get complicated, which was great for older kids and adults. I like that they put so much detail into it but wish it was a little shorter.
user1: I need a little recording carrot pen like Judy had.
user2: That's true. It a good thing to have a lot of detail. I loved that carrot pen! It was hilarious. Very convenient.
user1: It was, I think it would be handy to have in real life. How do you think the voice actors did?
user2: I think the voice actors did a great job. Everyone had a distinct tone and expressed themselves very well. It adds a lot to a movie when the voice actors are so committed as they were in Zootopia. What did you think?
user1: I think they did really great as well, each character sounded very unique and easy to recognize. The ending was a really good plot twist too.
user1: I did not suspect the sheep was behind it.
user2: I had a theory that she could have been behind it. She was acting so sweet, but I got that it was a little fake. Again, the actors were great. I really enjoyed Nick's acting.
user1: Me too, they did a really great job in the art of each animal too. It was very cool the size differences you'd see.
user1: Okay we can finish the conversation now! Thanks, it's been fun!
user2: Thank you! Have a good one! 

conversation:
user2: zootopia is one of my favorite disney movies
user1: My kids have watched it and I have walked through the house while it's on the t.v. but I've never sat down to watch it!
user2: the voice acting was really well done also
user1: From reading the paragraph about it, I might have to check it out.
user2: yes please do so
user1: What was it about her being a bunny that made them think that she wouldn't be good at it?
user2: I guess they were just being prejudice 
user2: lease it had a good bit of funny moments in the film
user1: I like when they put underlying themes in it, as long as it doesn't distract from the cuteness of it all. 
user2: yes that way all ages can get something out of the movie
user2: it has all the right themes for a movie like this
user1: And it seems like they make good use of diversity.
user2: yes so what do you think about the introduction to the movie?
user1: Is this a new block that was just added to the reading material? I know I didn't miss it the first time.
user2: yes 
user2: so far it would have a intresting start if you watch it for the first time
user1: I like how in this key scene it uses the ideas of mischaracterizing a fox as being untrustworthy
user1: It also addresses how bullying can effect someone. 
user2: yes it reminds me of how some people are treated in real life
user2: and the second scene also has some of this
user1: Yeah I see that. It shows how words can have big consequences. 
user2: yes i think we both agree on that
user1: I like seeing movies address things like "cause of bad behavior" rather than saying bad kids or bad so and so. It's important to not use labels.
user2: yes we have way to much of it
user1: I agree. 
user2: it had a very good ending
user1: Haha. It also looks like it addresses drugs. 
user2: yes and the crooked person got what she derserve
user1: SO it has a happy ending. That's always a good thing. :)
user2: yes i am so glad 
user1: I'm glad they ended up being friends again. 
user2: and one day I hope we get a second movie

conversation:
user2: Do you like comedies?
user1: Hello!
user2: Hi
user1: I do, specially ones with Byron Howard! He's sooooooo funnny!
user2: The director?
user1: Lol, yes, his director commentary is always funny to me. Do you think there will be a zootopia two?
user2: I surely hope so, I know I really liked the Chief Bogo.
user1: I think Rotten Tomatos definitely got this one right.
user2: I agree, Did you like the foxes character?
user1: I like the character, he definitely added to the good storyline. 
user2: And the Blue Berries in the gun!
user2: Hilarious
user1: His character was really good, he could have his own spin off.
user2: I agree, "Nick the Fox"
user1: Nick the Fox got out foxed by the rabbit I liked that part, really clever.
user2: Ya
user2: I also liked the underlying Race discussion that the movie had
user2: I thought it added to its complexity
user1: Nick definitely saved Judy's butt. 
user1: I thought it was more about an underdog story.
user2: I can see that
user2: I honestly had the Sheep pegged for the bad guy from the beginning
user1: Turned out Nick had a sad past of his own, that definitely shown him in a better light.
user2: Yes he did he was picked on by the other kids.
user1: I can see the connection about race with the predator and prey dynamic.
user2: Exactly
user2: It's a hard conversation to have but i think they did it well.
user1: That was pretty clever of them to load the gun with blueberries. 
user2: Very
user2: I thought it was the perfect decoy
user2: It was pretty intense there at the end with Nick going for Judy's throat
user1: That was an interesting twist, a plant being the cause of the animals to go primal.
user1: Yeah, that was good.
user1: Maybe that was meant to be an anti drug psa.
user2: Perhaps it did say there psychedelic.
user2: they were**
user1: I felt the ending was satisfying. Came together well.

conversation:
user1: hello?
user2: Hi!
user1: So I guess I should get to the task at hand then
user2: yeah sure
user1: This movie is a family movie
user2: live action or cg?
user1: cg
user1: it was a popular film in 2016 with animals in it
user2: dude, all cg family films have animals....
user1: ah, oops. I see your point.
user1: family firms arent my thing
user1: most animated/cg films I find very boring
user2: focus please, stay on task
user1: sorry
user1: Judy hops is a rabit that has a childhood dream of being a police officer
user2: Zootopia?
user1: yep
user1: your good
user2: thanks
user2: CG films aren't my thing either but I have a room mate thats crazy about them
user2: she watches them at obscene volume levels in the living room with her brother 
user2: VERY annoying
user1: ouch
user2: you have no idea...
user2: oh, and she's 40 and married and her brother is in his late 20s
user1: thats kind of strage
user2: I have never seen the movie but i am assaulted with this movie and other like it every time I go out to the kitchen
user2: so I am unfortunately semi familiar with most silly CG/Animated films
user1: I see
user1: So you wouldn't be  interested is seeing this movie in its entirety?
user2: hell no!
user1: Not even if your kids or significant other wanted to see it?
user2: nope
user1: Well, I suck at this lol. I guess I can't persuade you to watch Zootopia.
user2: that was your task?
user1: sorta
user2: I feel bad for you. That's a dumb objective.
user1: ok, I guess we are done then
user2: nice chatting with you
user1: oh yes, nice talking with you too
user2: sorry about hating Zootopia and not wanting to watch it
user1: Its ok, bye
user2: bye

conversation:
user2: hi whats the name of the movie
user1: It's Zootopia.
user1: Zootopia's an animated film with various creatures and animals.
user2: k who is starring 
user1: Jason Bateman, Ginnifer Goodwin, Idris Elba and Jenny Slate do the main character's voices.
user2: great its a comedy movie i think so
user1: Yes, it's an animated CGI comedy.
user2: k could you tell the outline of the story
user1: It's basically about an anthropomorphic rabbit named Judy Hopps (pun) who wants to be a police officer.
user2: oh great
user2: then
user1: Judy Hopps is a hyper, energetic female rabbit who ends up in a bind with two others, which then unfolds the rest of the story.
user2: judy became a police officer
user1: Ultimately, yes.
user1: The story also features Nick -- a fox who is not trusted by others.
user2: oh fine what are other characters present 
user2: a fox deserves his role
user1: There's a sloth named flash, which is a comedic take on how sloths are incredibly slow.
user2: fine it plays a great role in the movie
user1: Yes. There's also the police chief named Bogo, who is a buffalo.
user1: And a fennec fox named Finnick -- a funny little guy.
user2: the outline of the story is very good and i like to watch it
user1: Yes, it caught my eye on TV spots.
user2: your narration is very good
user1: Thanks. I hoped for it to be.
user2: with pleasure 
user1: The movie is also in HD.
user1: Adult humor slipped in -- so enjoyable for not just kids.
user2: this kind of movies should be watched in HD
user2: thaks
user1: Yes. Blu-ray 1080p or possibly higher.
user2: thks

conversation:
user2: So we will be talking about Zootopia.
user2: Have you seen it?
user1: I have never seen it, but I have seen the cover for that movie on Netflix. What is it about?
user2: It is about a world populated by anthromorphic mammals.
user1: Interesting. Are there humans too or just the animals?
user2: Judy Hopps, comes from a rural town to chase her dream to be a police officer in urban Zootopia.
user2: Just animals
user2: Judy is underestimated because she is a rabbit.
user1: Is that a weak animal in this world?
user2: It has a 98% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and at 8.1 on IMDB.
user2: It is because she is a rabbit
user1: So people must like Zootopia. What kind of animals does she work with or befriend? 
user2: A fox named Nick Wilde, played by Jason Bateman.
user1: I do enjoy Jason Bateman.
user2: She blackmails Nick in order to get him to help her.
user1: Sounds interesting! 
user2: Nick was stereotyped and bullied as a child because he was a fox, and was seen as untrustworthy.
user1: Does she learn any good lessons?
user2: She has 10 hours to solve the case about animals reverting to their feral state.
user2: Reviews state that the movie has a very inclusive message.
user1: That's fantastic. I might have to see it.
user1: Would you say this is a family movie?
user2: Yes, Judy also makes a mistake and upsets Nick in the way she talks about it being a biological cause for the predators to revert back to their feral states.
user2: Her comments cause tension between the predators and prey.
user1: Is this suitable for a 3 year old?
user2: Yes
user1: Does Judy end up achieving her dream?
user2: It teaches people to look past sterotypes, a good lesson.
user2: She solves the case
user1: Thank you for your help and information.
user2: Yes, the movies is worth a watch, it is very acclaimed. 
user1: I will have to watch it.
user2: Yeah, I hope you enjoy it as much as I did.
user1: Thank you.

conversation:
user2: Have you seen this movie?
user1: Yes I have seen the movie. Did you like it?
user2: Yes, I thought it was really cute. I love animals and animation movies!
user1: Yes I love those types of movies too. Did you think it was funny?
user2: Yeah, I did. I thought the part with the sloth at the DMV was the funniest
user1: I thought that was the funniest part too. It had the whole theater laughing. What did you think of the story?
user2: I thought it had a very good meaning. It teaches people that we should be able to be what ever we want to be and not be judged
user1: Yeah it had a good meaning. Using animals to talk about stereotypes.
user2: Yeah, who was your favorite character?
user1: i liked the con artist fox Nick. Who was yours?
user2: I like Nick too!
user1: Cool. What did you think about Judy?
user2: I liked her. I thought her and Nick were a well fit team. I thought it was clever that they put a fox and rabbit together
user1: Yeah they were. I thought the animation was very well done too.
user2: I agree. Did you expect Bellwether to be a bad guy
user1: No I didn't . It took me by surprise. Did you see it coming at all?
user2: No, they did a good job on hiding it. 
user1: They did. What did you think of the night howlers? The flowers that turned animals into savages.
user2: I really liked the concept of it! It added a twist to the movie that I also wasn't expecting. What did you think of it?
user1: I thought it was great. It gave the film more depth. 
user2: Yeah, definitely! I just saw on the document that the film was rated a 98% on rotten tomatoes. That's cool that a lot of other people like it.
user1: Yeah its a very solid film. I didn't know that Idris Elba and Jason Bateman did the voices. What did you think of the voice acting?
user2: They did a good job. I also liked that Shakira played Gazelle and performed the song at the end
user1: Yeah that was one of the better musical scenes I've seen in an animated movie recently. 
user2: Yeah, I agree! I would rate the film a 10/10
user1: Me too. Good animation, characters, humor and story. Loved the fast pacing of the movie too.
user2: Yeah, every scene was amusing. They kept it going and kept my attention
user1: Yup. A very well rounded film.

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: Hello.
user1: Are you a Jason Bateman fan?
user2: yea absolutely!
user1: I loved Arrested Development.
user2: He is so funny.
user1: I wonder if this is the first time he's done an animated role.
user2: I think so, I can't think of any other off the top of my head,
user1: movie sounds interesting
user2: Super cute IMO
user1: I remember Idris Elba from The Wire
user1: That's a pretty high Rotten Tom rating
user2: He is pretty amazing.
user1: I'm a hetero male, but I think Idris Elba is very good looking
user2: Lol yes very. It's that accent
user1: don't think I know Ginnifer Goodwin
user2: I love animated movies, especially if they have some adult humor
user1: yeah. most do nowadays
user1: Pixar revolutionized everything
user2: Ginnifer Goodwin was in the TV show Once upon a time if you've ever seen that.
user1: don't think I have
user1: oh key scenes
user2: She is Snow White. Short dark hair
user1: snow white in what movie?
user2: Oh sorry in Once Upon a time.
user1: I saw that but can't remember much
user1: too many movies, too little memory
user2: True true. 
user1: but this sounds good
user1: I'd prob watch it
user2: Some animated movies don't seem to keep my kids attention. This one did.
user1: hmmm
user1: Wall-E is my fave animated
user2: I don't think I have ever watched it all the way through
user1: It's very deep

conversation:
user1: have you seen the movie zootopia?
user2: Yes I have. I liked the main character Judy Hopps. She was a cool rabbit. Did you like her?
user1: Yes i did. I also liked the fox nick wilde
user1: It was a funny movie. 
user2: Nick wilde was such a great character. I really liked the fact that he was complex and had a bad side. 
user2: I also agree that It was a funny movie.
user1: I agree. He obviously was hurt from his past. Dinsey does a great job developing complex characters that both children and adults can appreciate. It also is very relevant for our time in regards to the breaking of stereotypes that permeate our culture
user2: Yes, exactly. The directors, Byron Howard and Rich Moore did a great job in making sure those subjects would still be entertaining for children. 
user1: Well, that's what they do, make animals act like us. It's sometimes really weird watching the behaviours that do be portrayed that way. Really eye-opening. Makes you realize that sometimes we stereotype people without even trying. 
user1: For example, the police cheif was an african buffalo, sterotypically strong willed or "bull headed". We would definitely consider most police cheifs to be that way
user1: Bunnies are "innocent naive women". They are trying to teach us that all people deserve an equal shot. 
user2: Exactly. Judy hopps being portrayed as a bunny was an amazing choice. It really highlight the way society can view people. She even overcame hardships and was valedictorian but because of who or what she was, they still placed her in parking duty.
user2: I really liked when judy learned that Nick was bullied as a child. She realizes that all types of people have been through hardships.
user1: I like that they portrayed her as a flawed character who even though she was the main hero, still struggled with stereotyping. The moment when she realized that nick wasn't all bad was one of the key highlights in the film. Even the best people still have problems, and thats ok, we just need to work on them together. 
user2: Yes, the ultimate message of the movie was about being inclusive. We all do need to work together. Again, such an intense topic but the movie did a great job of being entertaining and humorous throughout.
user1: Oh yes i agree! Thanks to the great actors and actresses. Ginnifer Goodwin was the perfect voice for judy
user1: jason bateman was perfect for nick as well.
user2: My perfonal favorite was Idris Elba. He portrayed chief Bogo wonderfully. Still, I cant discount ginnifer goodwin nor jason bateman. Great cast all around,
user1: Personally though im still trying to figure out if there was symbolic meaning to the night howlers thing. How does that play into stereotypes? I mean, i guess it caused the people to freakout and misjudge because of preexisting misconceptions. On a side unrelated note, my favorite scene was the one in the nudist center
user1: lol
user1: that scene was hilarious
user2: Im not entirely sure if the night howlers had a symbolic meaning or not. I guess it was to enforce the predator steretype? I do want to say that what lion heart did was wrong but I can sympathize. It must have been hard to win office with all the stereotypes about predators floating around. Do you agree with lion hearts decision to capture the affected predators?
user1: I feel mixed emotions about his decision. If i was trusted with preserving the citizens safety, i would have probably acted accordingly. We imprison people who are mentally ill...
user1: ahh
user1: thats it
user1: night howlers must be mentally ill people because they are acting without knowledge of what they are doing. 
user2: Yes, I agree the action was correct but the secrecy and not informing the public? Thats what I think I have a problem with. If the goal was truly protection he would not have secretly done it.
user2: After all he got arrested for falsely imprisoning them.
user1: at the sime time though, he was attemtping to keep the public calm... ignorance is bliss they say
user1: Imagine if the president told us that there was some unkown thing causing all African Americans or some other minority to begin attacking people?
user2: So mayor bellweather was a prey-supremacist. I dont know why I think that phrase is hilarious lol
user2: You're right, I guess that would give people license to attack african-americans. I see.
user2: Ok i retract my earlier statements lol
user1: LOL its a self contradicting idea isnt it?
user1: Its a moral quandary isn't it?
user1: techincally speaking what he did is illegal, but at the same time... should it be?
user2: Anyway its funny how bellweather wants to paint predators as murderous and she's the one that actually tried to kill judy. How ironic.
user2: My guess is he should have informed higher ups who most likely still would have kept it secret. 
user1: Yup and im assuming that bellweather represents the idea of violent white surpremists claiming that minorities are at fault for problems
user2: Well shes labeled a prey supremacist so I'd have to agree. Too bad she would endanger people to try to prove a false narrative. 
user1: Agreed. Well, anyways my friend, its been sweet talkin to ya. It appears it is time to finish the conversation. Happy turking to ya!
user2: Thanks its been a pleasure talking to you. Happy turking bro. 

conversation:
user2: hello
user2: I really liked this movie.  I think that both jason bateman and ginnifer goodwin were great as Judy and Nick
user1: I really like Jason Bateman.
user1: I also like animated and comedy movies.
user2: This was a good one because it was for adults and not just for kids.
user1: I really enjoy movies that try to add something for the parents that have to be there. That is a great point.
user1: I feel like this movie is also trying to make a social statement.
user2: Yes, i have a 3 yr old and i like that it has a good message
user1: I am not sure who in society is supposed to be the herbivores and who are the carnivores.
user2: That is a good question.
user2: I do like how they show that a so called "weak" bunny can be the hero
user1: Yes! It's unclear to me if they doubt her for being a bunny or a woman. Either way it works!
user2: Right!!  I thought for a bunny but it could be because she is a woman. lol
user2: I also like the message about using hurtful language.  It is something that I am trying to work on with my son.
user1: Interesting that they would use a kids movie to discuss stereotyping. Trying to get ahead of the curve I suppose.
user2: This is when they learn about using hurtful words.
user1: All of the characters also seem to be specific and purposeful. The assistant mayor is a sheep (follower).
user2: yes a follower but she is the sneaky one, not the fox.  Even though Nick is the one that is sterotyped as sneaky.
user1: I have never found a fox to be that sneaky. They should have considered a raccoon. 
user1: It's also interesting that they point out many stereotypes are true. 
user2: I think that they are trying to get you to see that sterotypes often times can be wrong.
user2: the fox is trustworthy
user2: the bunny strong and brave
user1: Good point!
user2: the sheep untrustworthy and sneaky
user2: the lion a coward to some extent
user1: I wonder what "going savage" is supposed to represent?
user2: idk
user2: it is showing some sterotypes are true but more intense and evil
user1: It was a great movie and I hope they make a second one.
user2: me too!
user1: This movie had MUCH more substance than most of the kids movies out now.
user2: I like the way Nick and Judy tricked the assistant mayor 
user1: I think Jason Bateman is really good at putting feeling into characters. Even animated ones!
user2: Jason Bateman was amazing in this movie.  
user2: The other theme I liked a lot is the teamwork theme
user2: I think its important to show my son sometimes you do need a friend
user1: I really like the animation as well. My kids really relate to the animal theme.

conversation:
user1: Hello?
user2: Hello!
user1: Hi! So what was the movies name you just read about?
user2: The movie we will be discussing is called "Zootopia"
user2: Have you seen it before?
user1: Yes! What about you?
user2: I have! 
user2: What did you think about it? :)
user1: I really enjoyed it. I think Disney did a really great job. What did you think about it?
user2: I agree! I thought it was really adorable and appreciated the moral of the story
user2: Animations these days are so realistic!
user1: Yeah, I thought the animation was really well done aswell! I thought the story was told very well too
user2: Absolutely!
user2: Who was your favorite character?
user1: If I had to pick a favorite character I would definitely have to pick the fox named "Nick" because he changed his complete character throughout the movie
user1: who was your favorite?
user2: Yes he was a really good character!
user1: I also like Judy because she was a cute bunny
user2: she was, and I like how she proved that being small should be a reason for people to underestimate her!
user2: My favorite was probably "Yax" Played by Tommy Chong
user1: Yeah I liked "Yax" too. He was the Yak with long hair right?
user2: Yep! 
user2: What was your favorite part or scene of the movie? :D
user1: My favorite was when judy and Nick were in the DMV with sloths. It was so funny
user1: what was your favorite part?
user2: That was my favorite scene to!! :D I laughed so hard when the sloth got the joke Nick was telling and his eyes opened slowly and wide!
user1: :D Yeah that was hilarious 
user2: And then at the end when he was speeding haha 
user1: Yeah I loved how name was "Flash Flash 100 Yard Dash" too
user2: Ha yes it was clever!
user1: I think zootopia as a city would be pretty cool to live in
user1: I liked how all the animals fit in
user2: yeah it really would! 

conversation:
user1: Hello, how are you?
user2: I'm great! and you?
user1: Not too bad. Happy Valentines' Day!
user1: So, have you seen this movie yet?
user2: Same to you.
user2: I did watch this movie.
user2: Have you seen it?
user1: I unfortunately havent yet, but in reading the summary I have here, it looks like something my girls (5 & 8) might like 
user2: I believe they would like it.
user1: So, what makes you say that? Was it funny? Any adult humor in it for the parents? :)
user2: The humor is rather ageless. And the social message is a very good one, very current.
user1: Yes, I agree. The message to look past stereotypes is very relevant. We live in a diverse neighborhood and my kids go to school with a mix of kids from different ethnicities.
user1: Pretty interesting key scene there with the Fox having been bullied when he was younger for being a fox.
user1: Definitely translates to the kind of treatment that ethnic minorities might face
user2: Yes, I agree.  It also seems to imply that even as valedictorian, the female rabbit struggles in a male-dominated workforce.  One mistake and she's already on probation.
user1: Boy, these animated films are so much more thought out than they used to be! 
user2: Haha, I agree.
user1: Feels like the live action films for adults are now the mind numbing projects solely for entertainment 
user1: Wonder if the children of today will carry over this strategy into films in the future. 
user2: I also noticed that Zootopia is supposed to be a peaceful place where all can get along. But then for some reason the animals revert to a "savage". 
user1: What do you mean by reverting to a savage? Were they influenced by an animal that was not peaceufl?
user2: I hope that our children carry forward the social message.
user1: How would you feel if the movie promoted a viewpoint that you did not agree with though, and it went hidden within a film made for children? Would you still think that movies should have that ingrained within the story?
user2: So, we read that all animals in Zootopia, carnivore and herbivore live in peace.  The first scene refers to a couple of animals going savage.  Then we learn in the second scene that these savage animals are taken to an Asylum for testing.
user1: Interesting, maybe that is symbolic for some sort of mental health treatment.
user2: I feel that really good movies ask us to question our pre-conceived notions and usually provide a different perspective. 
user2: It's almost implying that denying natural impulses is the "normal" thing to do.
user1: Yes, I would agree with that. And its important to explain that to our kids as well.
user2: I agree, we should discuss the movies that our kids watch and ask their opinions an what they see.
user2: My document is blank now.
user1: Again we agree.. easier said than done though with our busy lives and being able to interpret the message ourselves haha
user1: My document is still on page 2, but I think I get the jist of the movie and will definitely put it on our watch list
user2: I'm a grandma.  When my children were growing up, I had very little time.  Now that I have special visits from the grands, I use that time probably better than I did as a mom.

conversation:
user2: hi
user2: u like it?
user1: Hello, what is the name of the movie?
user2: zootopia
user1: Oh, yes! I really enjoyed that movie!  Do you like it?
user2: yes
user1: What do you like about it?
user2: cute animals
user2: what about u?
user1: Yes, I agree.  The animals are very cute.
user1: I like how they had they're own little town, as well.
user1: Wasn't the main character like a cop of the town?
user2: the rabbit
user1: Yes, the rabbit.
user2: yeah
user1: I enjoyed the main character.
user1: And I liked the theme of the movie.
user2: yes me too
user1: Anything else you liked about the movie?
user2: what do you think is the theme?
user1: I think the theme was to never give up.
user1: What do you think the theme is?
user2: yeah i think so too
user2: be an optimistic rabbit
user1: Right.
user2: look past stereotypes
user2: a funny, smart movie
user1: Exactly! I agree.  Children/Animated movies have really evolved over the years.
user2: that is true
user2: a lot of smart movies
user2: do you have a favorite scene?
user1: Yes, they are starting to involve a lot of deeper meaning, and providing comedic relief for even adults.
user2: indeed
user1: My favorite scene was when all the friends worked together.
user1: Yours?
user2: yes that one
user2: and the ending
user1: Yes, I liked the ending as well.
user2: nice talking to u

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: Hi! How are you?
user1: Are you still there?
user1: Have you seen Zootopia?
user1: Hello??????

conversation:
user2: Hi.  You should watch Zootopia some time.  It's a great film - 98% on Rotten Tomatoes.
user1: That sounds like a pretty good review! Whats it about?
user2: The main character is a rabbit that wants to become a police officer.  But she gets relegated to parking duty!  The characters are great and are very anthropomorphic.
user2: I should mention it is animated.  The rabbit isn't a real life rabbit!
user1: I was going to ask if it was animated...that makes sense!
user2: Jason Bateman voices a red fox that hustles the rabbit on her first day on parking duty.
user1: And who stars in it..who voices the characters?
user1: Ah I see
user2: Besides Jason Bateman, there's also Ginnifer Goodwin, Idris Elba, and Jenny Slate.  Bateman was the only one whose voice I recognized.
user1: Would this be a good movie for young kids? Would parents enjoy watching it too?
user2: Oh, yeah.  Reviews say that it is fast and funny enough to keep younger viewers entertained, while others have mentioned it is very smart, funny, and thought-provoking.
user1: And do you know what animation studio made it? 
user2: I don't remember.  I don't think it was Pixar, but it may have been.  It was directed by Byron Howard and Rich Moore.
user2: There's a scene where Judy (the rabbit) blackmails the fox to help her solve a crime.  She ends up saving his life, but kind of gets in trouble with the police chief.
user1: Im not familiar with those directors.
user1: What kind of trouble does Judy get into?
user2: The chief wants her to resign, but she still has 10 hours to try and solve the crime.
user1: Hmm thats not a lot of time.  Does she end up solving the crime?
user2: She and the fox get access to the traffic cameras.  But they discover that all these animals are going feral or savage and are being hid in an insane asylum.
user1: Wow! Sounds like an interesting plot.  I wonder how it ends up.
user2: After solving the mystery, she gets the fox to join her in the police department as her partner.  But she upsets the fox at a press conference.  She ends up quitting her job.
user1: Are they able to make up?
user2: There's a thread of predator vs prey though the movie, so some of their conflict stems from that.
user2: Hmm... my document disappeared.
user1: Interesting! Do you know what Zootopia is rated?
user2: The sheet didn't say, but I think it is PG.
user1: Ok...thanks!
user2: The animation is supposed to be very good.
user1: Thanks to your recommendations and summary, I think I will
user1: Check it out

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hello
user2: So the movie is Zootopia.
user1: What is it about?
user2: I think you will like this movie.  Rotten Tomatoes has it at 98% and an average of 8/10 on IMDB.
user1: Why do you think I will lke it?
user2: Its an animated movie with a clever plot.
user1: Is it a movie for kids?
user2: It is kid friendly, but might have some scary parts in it.  It takes place in a world where there are no humans, only animals doing human jobs.
user1: Is it funny?
user2: The main character is a rabbit who becomes a police officer
user2: Yes.  It is listed as a Comedy adventure
user2: You still with me?
user1: yes
user1: is there anything else i should know about the movie?

conversation:
user1: Hello. :)
user2: Hi, the movie Zootopia is a great animated movie. I think you would love it!
user1: oh yeah. can you tell me what it is about?
user2: It is about a bunny from Rural Bunnyburrow who wants to fulfill her childhood dream of becoming a police officer in urban Zootopia
user1: oh is this an animated or cartoon movie? I've never heard of it.
user2: It is an animated, comedy, adventure feature film
user1: awesome! I bet my kids would like it, is it old?
user2: It is moderately old released in 2016
user1: I will have to check it out. does she end up becoming a cop?
user2: She becomes academy valedictorian, however, she is delegated to parking duty by Chief Bogo, who doubts her potential because she is a rabbit
user1: awww so she starts out on bottom of totem pole.
user1: is everyone a bunny?
user2: Yes, she is at the bottom of the totem pole, however, she is optimistic 
user1: are the ratings for it good or don't you know?
user2: No, everyone is not a bunny it seems we have a fox named Nick Wilde and African buffalo played by Idris Elba
user2: and a sheep
user2: The ratings are good with an average of 98%
user1: oh wow, can't believe haven't heard of it!
user1: I will have to check it out!
user2: Yes, you should
user1: did you enjoy it?
user2: Yes, I enjoyed it. Judy also helps cracks a case 
user1: oh awesome, then maybe she will get more work than parking duty 
user1: any big names in the movie for voice over?
user2: Yes, Judy is praised for solving the case
user1: oh good
user2: Idris Elba is a big name in the movie
user1: not sure if i know them, ill look them up on imdb
user2: It seems I am having technical difficulties viewing my document
user1: oh no we must be close to done I would think?
user2: I can't click finish conversation
user2: Go ahead on your end if you can
user2: Things were going well
user1: yes mine shows I can, thanks! have a nice day
user2: You too

conversation:
user2: Hello there
user1: Hi there!
user2: The names of the characters are pretty funny in this movie. "Judy Hopps"
user1: I know! It definitely seems pretty clever that they used a naming pun in a movie about animals.
user2: Yeah, and that the director Byron Howard decided to make the fox the cunning, deceiving animal!
user1: Oh yes! Just like how it's represented in stories and novels!
user2: What do you think of the first critical response? Seems like it's strangely worded. How can a movie be sumptuous? 
user1: I'd
user2: Sorry what was that?
user1: I'd say that the reviewers were thoughtful and that a movie could definitely be "sumptuous". It's animated after all, so they can put a lot more detail and have more wiggle room to change how it looks.
user2: Yeah I guess you are right. I wonder how much wiggle room they actually ended up making for themselves
user1: Definitely!I was also interested in the scene where we start learning about the happenings in Zootopia sure was fascinating, I was excited to know why the animals were becoming ravenous.
user1: It's so clever that they made the animals go "savage" as if they had rabies.
user2: Yeah all this thought into the character development really makes me want to see this movie!
user2: I originally thought it was just a movie for children
user1: I think that's great that many filmmakers nowadays account for all audiences. Someone has to get those kids to the movie, right? 
user1: The rising action as Judy is trying to figure out what's happening in town is great, they really put a twist in there. It had me believing the "night howlers" were the culprit the whole time, when it wasn't!
user2: Haha, yes you're definitely right! 
user2: What do you think about the use of blackmailing in a children's movie?
user1: I think that many of these concepts and issues are going to come across in an individual's life, and although its made to be lighthearted, it is a great way to exposure even young children to a terrible thing that people can do to one another.
user1: I think we shouldn't shy away from those 'tough' topics and it's great the director put that in there!
user2: Yeah that's a good point you have there. Rotten Tomatoes and IMDB seemed to agree with the director
user2: It is a bit hard to follow these scenes since the characters are so new to us, wouldn't you agree? Although they are quite fascinating!
user1: I agree! The director really keeps us questioning the values and allegiances of the characters all the way to the end of the movie.
user1: What do you think about the lamb being the 'bad' character the whole time?
user2: I think it's pretty funny that in scene number 3 they are using blueberries for ammunition in the gun!
user1: Oh yes! Not only did they make it friendly and appropriate for the children, it gives a great effect in the movie as a replacement for the serum and as a bloody spatter (even though its just blueberries).
user2: Haha the lamb being the bad character doesn't surprise me. I can't imagine children growing close or feeling badly for lambs since most kids have limited exposure to them.
user1: For sure. 
user1: Great talking with you!
user1: Cheers.
user2: Great talking with you too!

conversation:
user2: What do you think about the Rotten Tomatoes rating of this movie?
user1: I like their rating. It's very appropriate. Don't you think so?
user2: Yes, I find it quite right because the movie actually deserved it.
user1: Do you have an opinion about Chief Bogo?
user2: Yes, I like the character. A buffalo as a police chief is just perfect. 
user2: What do you think about the response from the critics to the movie?
user1: The critics  are on par with what the movie stand for. It also make you think about the stereotypes too. Do you agree?
user2: Yes, totally.
user2: Do you like the Fox character? Its name was Nick, I think
user1: He a very typical con artist per his fox trait. I feel bad for Judy Hopps thought. She' bit naive. 
user1: What do you think?
user2: I think it goes with the stereotype from a rural people who tends to be naive and way too nice for its own sake.
user2: What scene did you think was key to the movie?
user1: The scene when Judy was trying to catch Manchas is brilliantly done. Do you have key moment?
user2: When Judy blackmailed Nick to force him to help her, for me it was a key moment in the plot.
user1: That was another brilliant one. I love the carrot pen she used. What do you think of Nick afterward?
user2: That Nick wasn't so bad as I though initially. His personality is just a result from being bullied as a child.
user1: I agreed, the stereotype they have of a fox so prominent . Just like the critic said. 
user2: What do you think about the scene when Manchas was captured by the night howlers?
user1: I felt sad for Manchas. It's a relief at first but realizing it was the night howler and they being imprisoned by mayor. It was not right.
user2: Yes, totally. And then the Bellwether gets the major position, what a moment
user1: Classic good guy winning! Right? What do you think of Judy Hopps comments?
user2: I think Judy made a terrible mistake by pointing out the reason of the behaviours to the biological predator instinct.
user1: I agreed with you. It caused tension with all the predators and prey in Zootopia. I wish she didn't quit her job due to guilt. What do you think?
user2: Yes, that was a bad decision because she took the easy way to get out of her problem. She should've rectify her mistake instead.
user1: I totally agreed. Glad you think the same way. Hopp should do something.
user2: What do you about the discovery from the plants that evoke a response from the animals that have been poisoned with the true "night howlers"?
user1: That revelation was interesting. Also mean there are items that can make them talk. And you?
user2: Yes, pretty good cliffhanger. What do you think about the plan to expose this serum to the public?
user1: Personal opinion might be bad idea. However that makes for great second movie! I hope to see Nick and Judy working together in second movie. 

conversation:
user2: Ever seen zootopia?
user1: No l have not. What's it about?
user2: Its about alot of things
user2: but i woudl say importantlu about human differences and relating them  back togeother
user1: Is a kids movie
user2: yes, its an cartoon film, but am an adult and i cried
user2: i think most people do
user1: What made you cry?
user1: Can you tell me more about the movie
user2: there are many connection to real life, as far as race, class, religion 
user2: its very smart and funny
user1: What kind of characters does it have in it?
user2: it has all kinds of zoo animals
user2: i like sloths
user1: Is it appropriate for kids of all ages?
user2: ohhhh yea
user2: i would take everyone to see this film
user1: I worked for a zoo! I love animals also.
user2: it has a 98% rating
user2: its literally one of the best films of last year
user2: it won an oscar
user1: That's great my 3 yr old granddaughter shoots like it then do you think?
user1: Should*
user2: oh for sure!
user2: and they will learn from it too
user1: I think l May have to watch it tonight!
user2: it has themes of kindness and acceptance 
user1: It's it a colorful movie
user1: Is*
user2: its very bright and lively
user2: great music and writing
user1: Do you know how long of a movie it is?
user2: hmmm i think its about an hour and a half
user2: not ooo long
user2: its out on netflix 
user1: That's a good length for a movie
user2: and its for rent im sure
user2: your grand kids will love it
user1: I found it on Netflix yay! Thank you!

conversation:
user2: Our topic today isZootopia, which was so middle of the road that I can't strongly recommend it OR bash it
user1: What is Zootopia about?
user1: And why do you think it was in the middle of the road?
user2: In a world of anthropomorphic animals, a  bunny named Judy becomes a police officer, and encounters discrimination because she's a bunny.
user2: It wasn't horrible and it wasn't stellar. The plot goes how you expect it to, standard scripting.
user1: What type of animals are the other police officers?
user1: Why do you feel less empathic towards Judy?
user2: Chief is a buffalo, desk guy is a cheetah I think? Mostly tough animals
user1: Are there similarities between Judy and marginalized groups?
user2: Judy has every right to be an officer, and can do the job well, but the anvil drop heavy analogies are grating
user1: Why do you think Judy wants to be an officer?
user1: What type of analogies did you not like?
user2: To prove her toughness and go against type for a bunny. It's small town girl dreaming of the big city. 
user1: What city is Judy located in? 
user2: Some of it was analogous to racism, some was about her being small and weak which was clearly sexism. It was just exhausting. 
user1: Does her family or town support her move?
user2: Judy is from Bunnyhollow and now works in Zootopia.
user2: Her parents support her, kind of, but would love for her to give up this foolishness and come home. They worry.
user1: What's the difference between Bunnyhollow and Zootopia?
user2: Country vs. city. Rural vs. urban
user2: Then we get a big, unsurprising reveal of corrupt government in the city and coverups and a medical condition that feels like a stand-in for drug abuse
user1: I would think she would have a harder time doing the reverse... going from an urban area to a rural area... 
user2: You know, a kids movie!
user1: Wow! this is a kids movie? 
user2: Yep. Kinda gritty for kids, isn't it?
user1: Extremely!
user1: What type of effect do you think this will have on children?
user1: vs the effect the script writer wanted it to have on children?
user2: Oh, the medical issue is actually psychotropic flowers. I had forgotten how clear they made that. Psychotropic flowers that only work on predators. 
user2: I'm sure the writers intended for the movie to inspire kids to be nice or less racist or something but I don't see them absorbing that message. 
user1: Similar to Poppy seeds in the Wiz... 
user2: A bit, yeah. 
user1: What do you think the writers could have done differently for children to get the message
user2: The phrase 'prey supremacist conspiracy' comes up
user2: like the prey animals were poisoning the predators on purpose to get rid of them and take over. If that's not at least a little bit like crack cocaine and the govt in the 80s...
user1: hahaha.... 
user1: that's horrible and hilarious at the same time!

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hello, how are you?
user1: Very good how about you?
user2: Great.  It looks like we're chatting about Zootopia today
user1: Okay ! great movie 
user1: what was your favorite part?
user2: I have to say, that movies about anthropomorphic animals are pretty clever.
user2: Did you know that Idris Elba plays the police chief?
user2: He's the same guy who plays Charles Miner on "The Office".
user1: No idea!  
user1: What was your favorite part of the movie?
user1: I had no idea he was in the office.
user2: Heh, the scene in which "Nick" takes "Judy" to the DMV
user1: hahah  yea that portion was very good.
user1: I enjoyed  how the movies conveys a message that is both relatable to kids and adults
user1: it kept my attention
user1: I also though it was very funny how the little bunny wants to join the police force.

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: HI! What are your thoughts on this particular movie? Do you think you would have enjoyed it?
user1: What movie are you talking about?
user2: Zootopia
user1: Oh that looked interesting. Could you tell me about it?
user2: Yes. I think that this film is a great children's film because it is about a rabbit who tries to fulfill her dream as to becoming a police officer but hse also doubts her potential only cause she's a rabbit
user1: That sounds pretty cute. You don't see many rabbit's as a police officer
user2: I believe that a film like this helps children build confidence in themselves and also how to look past species stereotypes. I guess they used rabbits to get the attention of children
user1: That's sounds great.  I love movies that show kids they can do what they put their mind to
user2: children seem to pay more attention when things like animals talk haha
user1: I'm assuming this is a cartoon movie? 
user1: Or it would have to have some amazing CGI
user2: No haha it is an animated movie
user2: it is a world made up of anthropomorphic mammals
user1: oh neat. Is there a plot line to the movie?
user2: Yes it seems as if there is a rabbit who doubts her potential and then there is a rabbit that is an optimistic rabbit  who helps her build her confidence
user1: interesting. and i'm sure there's some interesting story as a police rabbit
user1: This sounds like a really cute movie
user1: I will have to give it a shot
user2: And all within that it tries to show the different stereotypes in their world
user2: Yeah it does. It actually received 98% on rotten tomatoes which is a site that rates how good or bad a movie has been rated
user1: oh wow, thats impressive
user1: I wonder how it did in the box office
user2: box office?
user2: never heard of that
user1: How much money they made when the movie came out
user1: but 98% is impressive
user2: ohhh i seee
user2: What I also thought was very neat was how at the end of the movie they used guns but instead of the guns shooting out bullets, serum pellets came out of the gun
user2: i thought it very clever
user1: hmm I don't know about the guns
user1: what are serum pellets?
user2: Yes, at the end of the movie the main characters make one of the officers try to kill someone
user2: I believe the villain in the movie was Bellwether
user2: pellets are rabbits poop
user1: they are shooting rabbit poop?
user2: Yeah like instead of bullets
user2: it's a children's film so they have to keep it appropriate for their viewers

conversation:
user2: It has a very high score on Rotten Tomatoes
user1: It has a high IMDB too, meaning audiences also liked it, not just critics
user1: Did you enjoy the movie?
user2: It was very thought-provoking for an animated movie
user2: What did you think of it?
user1: I agree, though I felt like they were trying to have it both ways with the message about inclusivity. It was unclear if predators or prey animals were supposed to represent marginalized groups, as the discrimination frequently shifted back and forth.
user1: I have a young nephew who enjoys the movie a lot. Did you watch it with any kids, or with friends?
user2: No. 
user2: You are right though because animal stereotypes of predator and prey are actually true for the most part
user1: Were there any actors in the film that you particularly like
user2: I love Idris Elba
user1: I do too, I thought his role was very funny

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hello
user2: Have you seen Zootopia?
user2: It's a really cute kids movie.
user1: I think I did. it seems familar.
user1: It got a very high rating, 98% on rotten tomatoes.
user1: Who was your favorite character?
user2: I liked the fox.
user2: Yeah it got a really high rating.
user1: Do you know what actor played him, or rather voiced him?
user2: Yeah it was Jason Bateman
user1: Oh I see now.. 
user2: He did a great job
user1: He is very likable.
user1: I also liked ginnifer goodwin in the main role.
user2: He is.
user2: I liked that the movie was so well rounded
user2: She did a great job, too.
user2: I had never heard about her before.
user1: Yes I agree it is a funny smart movie.
user2: It is!
user1: So she quit her job? I don't recall that part.
user2: Byron Howard did a great job directing it
user2: She quit because she made controversial comments
user1: I also think rich moore directed as well.
user2: But then she went back after the town needed her
user1: Ah yes
user2: Oh yeah he did.
user1: Bunnyborrow is a cute name for a town.
user2: It really is.
user2: I liked how the fox and the bunny ended up getting along so well
user1: I think that was part of the point as one critic says they ask characters to look past specific stereotypes.
user2: I can definitely see that.
user1: I though the howlers being flowers was also clever.

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hello!
user2: Did you like the movie?
user2: I'm sorry the movie we are talking about is Zootopia
user1: I am not sure. I haven't read about it. I don't see any text, unfortunately. 
user1: I can comment on what I know, but I am supposed to comment on what I read...and no text has appeared to me to read. Only this chat window. 
user2: That's ok my task to have a conversation with you about zootopia
user2: Have you seen the movie?
user1: Thats' true. but it says only to comment on what you read. And yes, I have seen it and I adore that movie!
user1: Have you seen it?
user2: It's about a group of animals who work in a police station and solve a crime
user2: I have seen it.
user2: Were you able to solve the mystery before the end of the movie?
user1: Yes :) Well...not really. but I had my suspicions!
user2: My favorite character was Offiicer Judy who was yours?
user1: It's also about a young rabbit trying to fulfill her dream of being a police officer and she encounters a lot of resistance! But she perseveres and proves her worthiness.
user1: My favorite character was definitely officer Judy. Although I had a soft spot for the fox. 
user2: Yes a lot of the characters have to overcome stereotypes based on what other animals think of the their breeds.
user1: I enjoyed the scene through the mouse town! 
user2: I did too.
user1: It reminded me of the world we live in. Worlds within worlds!
user1: Did you take your kids to see it? Or just go yourself? Was it worth seing in theaters?
user2: I saw it on Netfilx.  I watched it because the critics gave it such high reviws and I liked some of the actors doing the voices.
user1: So , would you recommend it to others ? 
user1: Describe the overall plot. Was it cheesy and repetative? 
user2: I would because it addresses the issues of breaking down barriers and looking past stereotypes
user1: Can you describe some of the characters to me? 
user2: A bunny from the country dreams of being a big city police officer, she solves a crime with a fox who has a bad reputation
user2: Judy is the bunny police officer and Nick is the fox.
user1: Haha. I love that pairing. Sounds cute! 
user2: When Judy realizes the flowers are toxic did you think that it was metaphor for the drug epidemic in urban cities?
user2: It was just like a crime movie but for children.
user1: does it have adult content? I know that many animated series have suggestive themes and I need to know what ages to bring to the movie if I took a group. 
user2: It doesn't have adult content but it does present adult issues like prejudice, stereotyping, and crime in a way to teach children.
user2: I would recommend older children maybe 6 or older.
user1: Yes, I did (flowers) It reminded me of some of the flakka videos I have watched. I think it will help small children to know drugs are bad. Cops are good. 
user1: Well. I think I have all of the information I need. Have a great day!
user2: I agree it did show cops in a positive way and also showed some compassion to people who may be on the wrong side of the law.  
user2: Thanks,

conversation:
user1: hey
user2: I really like the movie Zootopia. 
user2: The Rotten Tomatoes rating is 98%. That is a really good rating for a movie.
user1: zootopia yeah that was good
user1: what was yuor favorite part

conversation:
user2: Hi - So what did you think was thought-provoking about the movie?
user1: I thought the inclusivity message in Zootopia was the most thought-provoking aspect of the film.  What about you?
user2: Yeah I thought it was really cool how they were always trying to look past the stereotypes and not use hurtful assumptions - I think my wife and I liked the movie more than the kids did
user1: Yeah I agree.  Sometimes the message is too deep for children to understand, so it makes for a good experience for both parents and children alike.  Do you watch a lot of family comedies? 
user2: Yeah we watch a lot of family stuff - usually prefer a combo of funny, smart, and thought-provoking 
user1: I liked the scene where she is hustled by the con artist fox duo.  What was your favorite scene? 
user2: I thought it was comical that even though she was valedictorian of the academy, the chief gave her parking duty just because he thought she was a timid rabbit 
user1: Yeah that was a great scene.  Do you agree with the average rating for the movie on Rotten Tomatoes being an 8/10?  Do you think it should be higher? 
user2: Sorry having a little tech difficulties with it loading up 
user2: Yeah I was just looking at that. I think its pretty awesome that they gave ti a 98%
user1: 98% is much higher than I though it should be.  I think the 8/10 that both Rotten Tomatoes and IMDB have is just about right.  
user1: Do you think the blackmailing that happens in the movie is a little too advanced for children? 

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: Hello. I'm reviewing Zootopia. Have you seen it?
user2: No I have not.
user2: Who stars in it?
user1: Jason Bateman, Jenny Slate and Idris Elba. All good actors
user2: What type of movie is it? Action, drama?
user1: It's animation. Maybe that's why I haven't seen it yet. Don't normally look for those types. Made in 2016
user2: OH animation! Is it a Disney film
user1: I don't see anything that mentions Disney. The introduction is - a world populated by anthropomorphic mammals, and one has a childhood dream of becoming a police officer in urban Zootopia.
user2: If not Disney, does it say what studio made it
user1: Director Byron Howard, Rich Moore. Rotten Tomatoes 98% average 8/10 IMDB 8/1. Good ratings
user2: I do not know what anthropomorphic means, do you
user1: Lol. Me either. I can't see anything about studios.
user2: IS Byron Howard related to Ron Howard, the famous director
user1: Funny, I was just thinking the same thing, Opie from Andy Griffith Show. 
user2: yes Opie
user1: Yes, this is a Disney film. 
user2: I am not an expert on animation, but usually they have many types of animal characters, what type in theis movie
user1: There's the first rabbit to join the police force - that's one character. I'm still reading.
user2: Usually Disney has a very good sound track and some star singing the signature song, is there a song in this nominated for a Grammy or Oscar?
user1: I'll see if there info on that. Idris Elba plays Chief BOGO , head of the police department
user2: My guess is the main rabbit character has a love interest, not necessarily a rabbit, how about in this?
user2: Idris Elba I am not familiar with
user1: English actor, real deep, strong voice
user1: Gee, lots of awards. Best animated 2017 - Golden Globe 2017, kids choice awards
user1: Idris e
user2: If I remember correct Shakira did a big song from a Disney movie recently, did she do this movie?
user1: Idris Elba was in Pacific Rim, Dark Tower, and I think for a short while he played a boss in "Office"
user2: I was not a big OFFICE viewer
user2: Maybe the song TRY VERYTHING was from this movie
user2: Everything
user1: Oh yes, you know your movies! Shakira did voice for Gazelle the biggest pop star in Zootopia.
user1: That's the song!
user2: Is it a very long movie?
user1: One hour and 50 minutes. Not bad if it keeps my interest. 
user2: Do you know if it is available on Netflix?
user1: Yes it is. Wonder if my grandchildren watched it yet. I'm gonna ask.
user2: Maybe I will grab a beer later and watch it
user2: Not quite sure what else I can ask
user1: Sounds good. Funny I keep up with movies but not this one. Probably because I'm so drawn to those series on Netflix, Shameless, Orange is the new Black. I don't see any more info to give you about this movie..
user2: ok, lets finish the conversation

conversation:
user2: hi i am ganesh how was the film hobbit?
user1: hi
user1: Hobbit?
user2: you saw that movie?
user1: Yes
user1: It was good
user1: I love those little hobbits
user1: Have you seen Zootopia?
user2: yes
user2: children love that movie
user2: very intresting movie i ever seened
user1: I would love to live with talking animals
user2: good 3danimated comedy film
user1: Did you like the rabbit police officer?
user2: ha ha that as funny...
user1: Did you like the Fox character?
user2: when they access traffic camera it was so intresting
user2: police officer roll is very good
user1: yes
user1: What did you think of the animation?
user2: fox police office is also very good
user2: that was perfect
user1: I liked this movie because I really love rabbits!
user2: ha ha cool 
user1: Do you like animated animal movies?
user2: pig too weared a cute dress
user1: Yes, I love the pig!
user2: yes that was giving huge pleasure to me and my childrens
user2: but cheetah face was not good
user1: The night howler flowers are scary, don't you think?
user2: female police office fox is very cute in action
user2: love preposal was something different
user1: yes for sure
user2: they make us so happy by seeing the movie
user2: my family loves that

conversation:
user1: What did you think of the reviews given to Zootopia?
user2: I thought the review given to Zootopia was right on the money.
user2: It's a very good film.
user1: I think it was a little over the top in terms of reviews. I think I would of given it a 7 overall
user2: I respectfully disagree, because where else would you hear a story of a rabbit as a police officer?
user2: For that as well as the message of looking past species stereotypes, I would give the movie at least 9 out of 10 stars.
user1: It's not the story, that I felt was over the top. It was the reviews overall. I think rotten tomatoes can be a bit biased with certain films
user2: Yes, I agree that rotten tomatoes is a very biased website, but overall they actually hit it right out of the park with this one. 
user1: Story-wise I think it was decent but it's been done before. What did you tink of the story?
user2: I thought that the story was very good, and that even though it's not believable that a rabbit would be a police officer, the underlying message of looking past species stereotypes as well as hurtful assumptions is something that we could use in our culture today.
user1: I would agree with that, I did like the subtle nod to race relations. I think it was well written into the movie overall. How did you like the animation itself?

conversation:
user1: Well that movie was pretty entertaining I thought at least. 
user2: I always enjoy the Zootopia movies.
user1: I like the morals it has about hardwork and aspirations.
user2: The graphics and animation are brilliant also.
user1: yes they are, colorful and vibrant!
user2: There is a lot of thought that goes into the creation of each animal.
user1: I did not realize Jason Bateman played Nick
user2: I didn't either, it really surprised me.
user1: Least the Rotten Tomatoes and IMDB ratings are pretty close to reflective the truth. 
user2: I never really know how the rotten tomatoes scores are calculated
user2: My niece loves the rabbit.
user1: I remember that scene where they caught manchas and chained him up but was gone when Bogo shows up. 
user1: I of course love Flash from the license branch lol
user2: I like all of the characters. 
user1: poor nick who couldnt be a ranger scout and was stereotyped for being a fox and untrustworthy
user1: judy knew what they felt like in the fact no one thought a bunny could be a cop
user2: I think it is sort of politically driving making the female a bunny.  
user2: Sort of demeaning
user1: yeah makes it even more of a stereotype, being small and female in a majority  male industry 
user2: Your right. 
user2: The men are buffalo and the woman a rabbit.  
user1: Yeah and then nick proves himself and help her solve the case and she accidentally says some choice words that rubbed him the wrong way.
user2: Nick was sterotyped just because he was a fox.
user1: well he was doing some questionable stuff at the beginning lol with popsicles and such
user2: That is so funny.  I love the fox!
user1: who knew the whole time the sheep was the bad person 
user2: I know, nobody expect a sheep to be the villain.
user1: not sweet little soft spoken bellweather
user1: least they caught her
user2: I wonder when the next Zootopia will be released?
user1: I know that would be cool to see them together as a team or something
user1: my kids like it and i can stand it lol

conversation:
user1: Howdy!
user2: Hello 
user1: Have you seen the movie Zootopia?
user2: So what movie is this? 
user1: Zootopia
user2: No I have not, can you tell me about it? 
user1: Sure, so... even as an adult I've wanted to see this for a  while but haven't gotten to it
user1: It's an animated film about animals who are cops
user2: I also have not seen it, but I thought it looked king of amusing 
user1: Yeah! I have neices and nephews and they all LOVE it.
user2: Oh that sounds funny. Animals pretending to be cops. 
user1: So there's an optimistic rabbit cop named Judy Hopps
user1: She's the optimistic rookie
user2: That's good to hear that other children like it as well. 
user1: Mhm. It was a hit with kids I think
user1: Then there's a fox played by Jason Bateman
user2: Do you think it would be able to hold an adults attention as well? 
user1: I think so, the story seems kind of interesting.
user1: The reviews were pretty exceptional
user2: Ok that's great 
user2: I also read some reviews on it and it was rated well. 
user1: One of the reviews called it "brilliantly well-rounded"
user2: Is it a pixar movie? 
user1: And that it had a "thoughtful, inclusive message that's as rich and timely as its sumptously state of the art animation"
user1: wow
user1: another one said
user1: "funny, smart, and thought provoking"
user2: Well that is speaking pretty highly of the movie 
user2: I suppose it's probably pretty good though 
user1: haha yep, it's making me want to see it more now.
user2: Maybe you should watch it tonight! 
user1: I might
user1: there's a list of plot points here
user1: but I don't really want to spoil it
user2: Ooh what website are you reading it? 
user2: Ok it looks like our conversation is done. Thanks. 
user1: It's in front of me here in the hit, but it might be from IMDb
user1: yeah you too!

conversation:
user2: sounds funny
user1: I think so too
user1: zootopia
user2: good stuff that movie is
user2: sounds like an interesting film
user1: tes indubitably so
user2: yeah
user1: yup
user2: not sure how to get this hit over
user1: same
user2: Nick sounds interesting
user1: yes he does
user1: savage sounds intense
user2: it does
user1: exciting tho
user2: it brings some anger to it
user1: its very csi feeling
user2: reminds me of crime shows
user1: yeah ncis and the like
user2: super interesting tho
user1: judy solved the case
user2: yeah good for her
user1: bunny burrow is a funny name
user2: makes me giggle too
user1: i like how its animals
user2: yeah its super kawaii
user1: you mean like cute?
user2: hahaha yeah
user1: night howlers were a drug
user2: kind of neat twist
user1: yeah its a nice surprise
user2: I like the judy records the convo
user1: she is a smart bunny

conversation:
user2: Hello 
user1: Hi
user2: So what's the name of the movie that you read about?
user1: I was just reading about Zootopia
user1: It is rated very well at 98% on Rotten Tomatoes you should watch it
user2: What genre of movie is it?
user1: It's a comedy/action adventure and it smart and thought provoking according to critics
user2: Hmm interesting
user2: What's it about?
user1: It is about a bunny named Judy that wants to be a police officer but isn'
user1: 't given a fair shot because she is a bunny
user2: Sounds cute.
user2: How long is the movie
user1: They go on a mission to stop Mr Big a crime boss. She blackmails a fox named Nick inot helping her
user1: I am not sure how long it is 
user2: Oh, ok
user1: Even though it is a kid movie it has a ton of underlying messages about how you shouldn't stereotype people. It is worth the watch for sure even if it is a bit long. 
user1: The bunny and the fox become friends which is super heart warming
user2: Sounds very positive.
user2: I don't know what else to ask about it
user1: Do you think you would like to see it?
user2: Does it have catchy music or cute songs like a lot of kid movies?
user2: Yeah sure
user2: I would like to see it
user1: It is brilliantly well rounded with state of the art animation and directed by Byron Howard and Rich Moore so I would assume yes
user2: Ok
user1: The parts about some animals turning "savage" because of toxic flowers is pretty crazy
user1: I almost feel as though it is a great film for anyone who likes a good cop mystery because here in the last paragraph it looks like there are some awesome twists.  
user1: Is that the kind of movie you enjoy?
user2: Oh, well i love those, i actually just finished watching a detective show before i started this
user2: It sounds like a good movie to check out
user1: I really enjoy them too especially with a feel good end. Do you like happy endings?

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: hello 
user1: So did you read the paragraph.
user2: Shall we talk about zootpia movie
user1: yes, you may. I have never heard of it though.. 
user2: yes, I can read all those.
user1: Is it an interesting movie?
user2: its okay, I will share my opinion on that movie you can also tell some movie in your thought
user1: Yes, please.
user2: zootpia is a wonderful animation film, every age people will able to see that movie
user1: Ok, good. What is the story line
user2: then the story about optimistic rabbit,
user1: Wow, it sounds nice. What are the main character names?
user2: I have seen that movie in a weekend with my friends 
user1: Good, can I take my son to that movie.
user2: that optimistic rabbit is the main character of this film, 
user2: yeah sure, your son really like this movie well
user1: Is there a name for this rabbit in the movie.. does he have a love interest in the movie?
user2: Are you there you have to say somthing bro
user2: something
user1: Yes, I am here
user2: it's a comedy and adventure film 
user1: Is there a negative character in the movie?
user2: no bro
user2: was anything else
user1: No thats all for now.. Will check it out
user2: chat fast because a document is finished 
user1: Thanks for all information..
user1: What is the next document?
user2: yes, bro, we end our conversation
user1: Sure, as you wish.
user2: I have finish conversation thank you bye
user1: Bye bye

conversation:
user1: hello, when was the last time you watched zootopia
user2: Hi I dont know if ve ever watched the movie beforehand 
