wiki document:
cast:
Angelina Jolie as Maleficent
Sharlto Copley as Stefan
Elle Fanning as Aurora
Sam Riley as Diaval
Imelda Staunton as Knotgrass

critical response:
Maleficent' demolishes stereotypes that were only tweaked in 'Frozen
[it] surprises not for its baroque visions of a colourful woodland enlivened by joyous fairies and a forbidding castle peopled by unhappy humans, but rather for the thematic richness of its story gloriously personified by Angelina Jolie in the title role.
there's a lot of levitating cliffs and odd flora. But despite their bleeding-edge digital design, the backgrounds have all the depth of the old matte-painted backgrounds of the analog days,
Still, for all its limitations, 'Maleficent' manages to be improbably entertaining to watch, due solely to its title character.

director:
Robert Stromberg

genre:
SuperHero

introduction:
Maleficent is a 2014 American dark fantasy film directed by Robert Stromberg from a screenplay by Linda Woolverton, and starring Angelina Jolie as Maleficent with Sharlto Copley, Elle Fanning, Sam Riley, Imelda Staunton, Juno Temple, and Lesley Manville in supporting roles. Loosely inspired by Charles Perrault's original fairy tale and Walt Disney's 1959 animated film Sleeping Beauty, the film portrays the story from the perspective of the eponymous antagonist, depicting her conflicted relationship with the princess and king of a corrupt kingdom.

movie name:
Maleficent

rating:
Rotten Tomatoes: 51% and average: 5.7/10
Metacritic Score: 56/100
CinemaScore: A

year:
2014

description:
Maleficent is a powerful fairy living in the Moors, a magical forest realm bordering a human kingdom. As a young girl, she meets and falls in love with a human peasant boy named Stefan, whose love for Maleficent is overshadowed by his ambition. As they become older, the two grow apart, and Maleficent becomes protector of the Moors. When King Henry tries to conquer the Moors, Maleficent mortally wounds him and forces him to retreat. As he lies dying, he declares that whoever kills Maleficent will be named his successor and marry his daughter, Princess Leila. Stefan visits Maleficent in the Moors. He drugs her, but cannot bring himself to kill her. Instead, he cuts off her wings with iron, which is lethal to fairies, and presents them to the king. Devastated by Stefan's betrayal, Maleficent turns the Moors into a dark kingdom. She finds a raven named Diaval to act as her wings, spy and confidant. She transforms him into different forms as needed, including human. 
Despite her initial dislike for Aurora, Maleficent begins to care for her when the bumbling and neglectful pixies fail to do so. After a brief meeting with the young Aurora, Maleficent watches over her from afar. When Aurora is fifteen, she encounters Maleficent. Knowing that she is being watched over, she calls Maleficent her 'fairy godmother.' Maleficent tries desperately to undo the curse but is unsuccessful, as the curse proves to be unbreakable by any means other than true love's kiss. In the forest, Aurora meets Prince Philip, and the two are attracted to each other. On the day before Aurora's sixteenth birthday, Aurora tells Maleficent that she would like to live with her in the Moors. When Aurora returns to the cottage, the pixies inadvertently tell Aurora of her past. Having learned of Maleficent's true identity, Aurora runs to her father's castle. 
After a brief reunion with his daughter, Stefan locks her away in a room for her own safety while setting up a plan to kill Maleficent. However, the power of the curse draws Aurora to the dungeon, where a spinning wheel magically reassembles itself. She pricks her finger and falls into a deep sleep, fulfilling the curse. Maleficent, intent on saving Aurora, abducts Phillip and infiltrates Stefan's castle, but Phillip's kiss fails to awaken Aurora. At her bedside, Maleficent apologizes to Aurora and kisses her forehead. Aurora awakens, as Maleficent's motherly feelings towards her count as true love. However, as Maleficent and Aurora attempt to leave, they are ambushed by Stefan and his guards, with an iron net dropping on her. Maleficent transforms Diaval into a dragon, and he battles Stefan's guards, but he is eventually caught as well. Stefan taunts Maleficent, who is dizzy and sick from the iron, his former love for her fully gone, but before he can deliver a killing blow, Aurora finds her wings and releases them. They fly to Maleficent and reattach themselves. Maleficent carries Stefan to the top of the castle's highest tower and beats him easily and quickly in battle, but cannot bring herself to kill him. Stefan attacks her as she turns away, however, and both plummet from the tower. Maleficent breaks away and sends Stefan to his death. 

conversation:
user2:  iH
user1: Hi there
user1: Angelina Jolie in Maleficent was amazing!
user2: I haven't seen Maleficent.
user1: It's like Sleeping Beauty but not animated.
user2: "Maleficent" gets rid of stereotypes found in Frozen.
user1: Oh I haven't seen Frozen. Maleficent is considered a Superhero Genre
user2: Oh really, that is kind of weird. I would have thought it was more of a Fantasy.
user1: It would make more sense! It is from Disney!
user2: Still for it's limits, it is improbably fun to watch, due to it's characters.
user1: My favorite character is probably Angelina Jolie's because she is a great actress!
user2: Well, she meets and falls in love with a boy named Stefan.
user1: And they grow apart. She is the protector of the Moors forest.
user2: It's sad that Stefan drugs her and cuts her wings with Iron.
user1: She gets payback. I like that!!
user2: Maleficent basically gets a bird to spy on Stefan like a stalker. It's quite funny.
user1: Despite her dislike, She cares for Aurora and watches over her. 
user2: I think she is still a good person, just jaded.
user1: Well, Aurora refers to Maleficent as her fairy godmother. 
user2: Oh, that is funny. I think there is a link to Cinderella!
user1: Oh right, because she has a fairy godmother. I love the multi-universe concept. Disney did that with Marvel. 
user2: I haven't seen much Marvel. I think that Aurora is going to betray Maleficent. 
user1: It looks like Aurora told Stefan about Maleficent. 
user2: So Aurora is supposed to be Sleeping Beauty!
user1: Oh, and Maleficent is the dark witch?
user2: Oh wow Disney, you did a good one! 
user1: But Maleficent awakens Sleeping Beauty?
user2: Wait, so there is no prince charming?
user1: Doesn't look like it.
user2: Wow, Maleficent tried to let Stefan live and Stefan just had forever rage for her.
user1: Yea, I think Maleficent cheated on him or something. 
user2: That is like true love.
user1: That is crazy love. If you can't be in love with someone, then no one can?
user2: I see what you mean.
user1: Well, I want to watch the movie now.
user2: I think that I might watch it, but it's not at the top of my list.
user1: Yes, Marvel is far better, but all Disney is good!

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: Hello!
user1: how are u ?
user2: good, you?
user1: im ok 
user2: have you seen this movie?
user1: so have u watched ..
user1: nope
user1: but i do like angelina jolie
user2: i havent either, but i love the story of sleeping beauty
user2: me too
user1: iy has 51 in rotten tomatoes
user1: so hmm
user1: not that good
user2: 5.7 out of 10. yikes
user1: i know
user2: so this movie is more about the villan
user1: is a dark fantasy film
user1: yes
user2: wow
user2: so she was originally a fairy
user1: yes
user2: i cant believe its been so long since this movie came out
user1: she fells in love with a human it says
user1: i know
user2: right
user2: and then her wings are cut off
user1: i think i only heard about this movie once
user2: oh wow
user2: ah man phillips kiss doesnt work
user1: and her lover betrayed her
user2: stefan is auroras father
user2: and maleficent loves him
user1: yea
user1: i feel bad for her now
user2: oh boy
user2: she sends stefan to his death
user2: yeah i feel bad too
user2: i know its different, but i like the old fashioned sleeping beauty too much
user2: i dont like how they changed it around
user1: yea
user2: they changed it for it to only get a 5.1 rating
user1: this film wanted to break the stereotype
user1: but it was too much
user2: righy
user2: right
user2: they fixed it when it wasnt broken
user1: yea
user2: it was too much
user1: and i havent heard about that director
user1: i wonder if this is the first movie he made
user2: he actually sounds familiar
user2: it probably takes a lot to direct a movie like this
user1: i think u are right
user2: but its metacritic score was 56/100. ow
user1: really low
user2: from what i hear angelina jolie performed really well in it
user1: well i love her
user1: im a girl
user1: not like that
user2: lol
user1: haha
user2: she is a good actress
user1: i think she is a great person and actres
user2: there is a scene where aurora is a little girl and she goes up to maleficent
user2: and they had to use Angelinas daughter
user1: oh really ???
user2: because her daughter was the only one who wouldnt get scared and run away lol
user2: so i like that
user1: yea
user2: but the critical responses
user2: it is interesting that, like frozen, a prince was not needed for the true love scenario
user2: it was like a mother daughter love
user1: and i love that
user2: which i really like
user1: i hate that u need a prince all the time
user1: to make " everything  better "
user2: me too
user2: it seems like a very entertaining movie
user2: and i will have to watch it
user1: i might give it a chance this weekend 
user2: me too
user1: but i dont my 2 year old would stand still

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: hi
user2: I've never seen this movie, but looks to have some good actresses
user1: I have seen it. It was very good, and yes the actresses were great. I can't believe rotten tomatoes gave it such a low score
user2: that is quite low
user2: I enjoy dark fantasy flicks, so I may enjoy this one
user1: Disney has been doing well with their live action movies on classic disney movies. And yes i do believe you'll like it if you like dark fantasy. It gives a new take on maleficent. 
user1: Plus the visuals were amazing
user2: I heard the visuals were great
user1: Disney really knows how to create some great visuals that's for sure lol
user2: Robert Stromberg has done some good work
user2: Oh yeah, the Moors, that forest.  I remember that
user1: I'm not quite familiar with him. What other movies has he done?
user2: he did the production design on Avatar
user2: and alice in wonderland
user2: King Henry says whoever kills Maleficent will be named his successor and marry his daughter.  
user1: o I love those movies as well
user2: The Moors got turned into a dark kingdom after Stefans betrayal.
user2: hello?

conversation:
user2: Hi there,  do you typically watch movies with similar ratings?
user1: sorry. had troubl;e finding where to type.
user2: No problem!
user1: i am a lover of movies, so generally do not base my movie watching on other peoples reviews, but on whether or not it looks interesting to me
user2: I agree, I have the same views.  It seems as if they casted pretty well for this movie. 
user1: this is one of those that i had mixed feelings about going into because sleeping beauty is actually my favorite disney princess.. and Maleficent is my favorite disney villain.
user1: i did not like Elle Fanning as Aurora actually. i thought she was too... i don't know the word.. smiley and airy and flighty.
user1: i actually loved Angelina Jolie as Maleficent... and i generally do not like Angelina Jolie.
user2: Oh very interesting!  I think Angelina played her role pretty accordingly. I wonder if they'll make a second movie.
user1: the other casting i thought was pretty good. especially the king. made the perfect villain you didnt know you would hate until you hated him.
user1: a sequel would be interesting but i dont know where they would take it.
user1: um... hello/
user1: where did you go?
user1: i think i would have liked the movie more if someone other than elle fanning had played aurora. but that is my biased opinion 
user1: i wish my partner had stayed... would have been a good conversation
user1: oh well.

conversation:
user2: HI
user1: Hello
user2: How are you doing/
user2: ?
user2: *
user1: Im doing well
user2: Good
user1: Have you seen Maleficent?
user2: Yes ofcourse
user2: its so lovely
user1: Its really good
user2: what do you like about it
user1: The CGI is really good
user1: and the storyline is fantastic
user2: i really agree with that
user2: totally agree
user2: and also the casting
user1: It tells a great story about how good intentions can turn out bad
user2: and all other components of the movie is great
user1: yes it stars Angelina Joile
user2: yes its a clean movie
user2: shes suitable for this role
user2: she pulled it out really good
user1: It got a score of 51% on rotten tomatos
user1: i feel it should have been higher
user2: yes
user2: but the characters served justice 
user2: to the movie really well
user1: It also has Sharlto Copley as the male lead
user2: yes he is really good
user1: has he been in anything else you know of?
user2: yes i do
user1: tell me
user2: chappie
user2: a team
user2: free fire
user1: oh nice
user2: hardcore henry also

conversation:
user2: Hey there
user1: hello
user2: How are you 
user1: I am good how are you?
user2: Thank you i am fine 
user2: Have you seen the movie 
user2: Its a great movie 
user1: Yes I have seen it, and I found it quite good. It wasn't your typical Disney live-action, but it is due to this that it was great. definitely surpassed the ideas seen in Frozen.
user2: Lol
user1: The movie Maleficent is also a great look at the untold story of Sleeping Beauty
user2: Yes its true
user2: Well sleeping beauty its an old movie bud really good
user2: I think the new ones are excellent as well
user1: So very true. I just like the digital look of the fairytale setting that plays off the original animated scenery.
user2: Are you a fan lf disney movies?
user1: This movie did cause me to loathe King stefan though... I mean he tore her wings off.
user2: I like pirates of the Caribbean more than all the other Disney'
user1: Yes and No. I find that the animated films are quite nostalgic, but the live-action films like Maleficent in which you see the darkness behind the films cater better to me nowawdays.
user2: True i think you are a good movie reader
user1: Though I do find the Jerry Burckheimer productions better than Robert Stromberg who did Maleficent 
user2: Yes you are correct 
user1: But Maleficent has a far more heartbreaking background than the Pirates movies.the background of Maleficent, and even the fact taht she cared for Aurora despite her villian status makes her likeable and hateable at the same time
user2: Which ones are your favorite movies animated or action 
user2: How many times have you seen this movie
user2: I quite have not seen the whole movie
user1: I like the action ones best I think. and ive only seen Maleficent once.... while the storyline was great, I am not complelled to watch it again. 
user2: Yes me too 
user1: what parts have you seen
user2: To be honest i dont really remember much
user1: I mean I do give them credit for the live-action of the whole Phillip rescuing Aurora from Maleficent thing, but even with computers and the live-action, none of it did justice to the animated version where she turns into the dragon
user1: plus they added a darker element where King Stefan also falls to his death
user2: Well i do remember that part
user2: Are you into movies critics 
user1: I find this movie confuses me lol. You're happy she gets her wings back, but mad Aurora's dad died... or is that good too? He wasn't bad in the animated version.
user1: Eh I do take looks at Rotten Tomatoes here and there
user1: they hated this movie by the way lol 
user2: You seen to well know much about the whole production kind 
user2: Lol

conversation:
user2: nice
user2: super
user1: Maleficent was an amazing movie.
user2: yaaaa
user1: What did you like about it?
user2: romantic movie
user2: i like romantic

conversation:
user2: Hello.
user1: hello
user1: Maleficent is a movie with great acting, Angelina Jolie plays the main character Maleficient
user2: Oh good to know. Actually I haven't seen it before and I am trying to figure out if it is worth seeing.
user1: If you start watching it, you will not want to stop.  The actors make it worthwhile.   You know it is based on the film Sleeping Beauty and is about the antagonist in that film.
user2: Interesting. Is it appropriate for kids?
user1: Its CinemaScore rating is an A.
user1: Yes, my kids loved it
user2: And where does the history take place?
user1: It takes place when sleeping beauty is a little girl
user2: And what happen with her?
user2: What did you like most on it?
user1: The best part is the story line.  It begins with Maleficient living in the Moors, which is a magical forest 
user1: Maleficent falls in love with a human, but they fall apart.
user1: Maleficent turns against the people, and protects the Moors.  When the kind tries to attack her she kills him and retreats. 
user1: The king offered whoever killed Maleficent could marry her daughter.  Stefan cannot bring himself to kill her but instead cuts off her wings and presents them to the king. 
user1: Maleficent turns the Moors into a dark kingdome.
user2: It seems nice. It is a fairy tale though. And what about the other characters?
user1: It is a fairy tale
user1: Do you like fairy tales?
user2: Yes for sure. Does it have lots of adventure?
user1: The cast includes Angelina Jolie as Maleficent, Sarlto Copley as Stefan, Elle Fanning as Aurora, Sam Riley as Diaval, and Imelda Stunton as Knotgrass
user2: Very interesting. Are the special effects nice?
user1: Yes, very action packed.
user1: The special effects are good, because the movie was just made in 2014
user1: Maleficent raises a child who she dislikes, but grows very close to her as she raises her.
user1: The girl is named Aurora, and she calls Maleficent her "fairy godmother"
user2: Oh and the baby is Sleeping Beauty? That sounds interesting.
user1: Yes, it is interesting
user1: Are you familiar with the story of sleeping beauty?
user2: Yes for sure. I like it.
user1: So the ending of the movie is interesting, because Stefan locks his own daughter away.
user1: Do you like movies that have a twist at the end?  Because this movie does
user2: For sure I like. Don't tell me the end but is it surprising?
user1: Yes, the end is surprising. The movie will keep you on the edge of your seat.
user1: Any other questions about the movie?
user2: On you are almost convincing me to watch. Is there too much violence?
user1: I am not sure about that, and I am not sure about the rating.  It was not too much for my kids, but it may be too much for yours depending on their ages.
user1: Do you like watching movies with violence?
user2: I like but not just because of the violence. It has to be some purpose. But in this case I am more concerned about the kids.
user2: Thanks a lot for your talk. It was really nice.
user1: Thanks

conversation:
user2: hello there
user2: what do you think of the movie Maleficient?
user1: hi. I really enjoyed this movie. How about you?
user2: I have not seen it yet
user1: I think it's interesting to note that the genre is listed as "Superhero." I never thought of Maleficent that way. I always saw her as the "bad guy." It mentions that the movie is based on kind of a combo of the original fairy tale and Disney's Sleeping Beauty from the '50s, and in both of those versions one couldn't see Maleficent as anything but bad. But this movie offered a fresh, new perspective on her.
user2: interesting perspective
user2: i see that it only got a 51% score on rotten tomatoes
user1: True. Not a great Metacritic score either
user2: ok
user2: I guess theyre misinformed
user2: they did get an A from Cinema Score tho
user1: Yes. Under "critical response" I see that they mention that Maleficent demolishes stereotypes that were only tweaked in "Frozen." I suppose they're referring to showing a movie from the perspective of the antagonist.
user2: intersrting
user2: thanks
user2: that's very likely
user1: This is also probably the reason why in the introduction it's listed as "dark fantasy"
user1: An interesting perspective we see here is that Maleficent doesn't start out as an evil character, but more or less becomes evil ("turns the Moors into a dark kingdom") because she is betrayed by someone she once loved and she thought loved her.
user2: very interesting info!
user1: As protector of her land, the Moors, Maleficent is forced to defend it when a neighboring king attacks it. She mortally wounds this king and brings down his vengeance on herself. He says that whoever kills Maleficent can have his daughter and his kingdom.
user2: wow
user2: fasinating
user2: i guess i gotta watch it
user1: Stefan, who Maleficent had known from childhood, decides he has the ambition to become the heir to the throne. He drugs Maleficent, but even he isn't heartless enough to kill her. He removes her wings with iron, which according to this document is lethal to fairies (I didn't know!), and presents her wings to the king.
user2: wow
user2: nice
user2: you know a lot about it
user1: Just reading about the key scenes. At first, Maleficent doesn't like Aurora. No big surprise there since this movie was based on Disney's movie. However, after meeting Aurora briefly when the girl is young, Maleficent decides to watch over her from afar. She wants to undo the curse, but she can't, as the only thing that can is true love's kiss.
user2: nice
user2: thanks
user1: Right before she turns sixteen, Princess Aurora meets Prince Philip. On the same day, the pixies accidentally tell Aurora of her past. Now Aurora knows Maleficent's true identity isn't really that of "fairy godmother," and she runs off to her father's castle.
user2: cool
user2: very interesting
user1: Also just before her sixteenth birthday, Aurora tells Maleficent that she wishes to live with her in the Moors.
user2: oh cool
user1: So, Aurora runs to her father's castle. After being briefly reunited, Stefan locks her in a room for her own safety. He's obviously terrified of the curse. However, Aurora can't help but be drawn to a magical reassembled spinning wheel, on which she pricks her finger and falls into a deep sleep, fulfilling the curse.
user2: nice
user1: Maleficent is intent upon breaking the curse at this point. She captures Prince Philip and infiltrates Stefan's castle. She gets Philip to Aurora, but his kiss does not awaken her. Maleficent apologizes to the still-sleeping Aurora and kisses her on the forehead. Aurora awakens. Apparently the feelings Maleficent has harbored through the years for Aurora were truly love. 
user2: ok
user1: In her attempt to escape, Maleficent is stopped when Stefan drops an iron net on her. Iron, remember, is fatal to fairies. Maleficent turns her spy and confidant, Diaval, into a dragon in order to help her, but he is caught as well
user2: thanks
user1: In the end, Aurora reunites Maleficent with her wings.

conversation:
user2: Hey!  Just saw an excellent film, Maleficent, starring Angelina Jolie.  Have you seen it?
user1: I haven't
user1: is it good?
user2: It doesn't have a gret rating on Rotten Tomatoes, but CinemaScore gave it an A
user1: Well, the important thing is that you liked it, versus what the critics said
user2: IT was pretty good, yes... It was based on a fairy tale, by Charles Perrault
user1: it seems to have an interesting plot
user1: and Angelina Jolie seems like a good fit for the role
user2: Well, the story comes from the POV of her character and it's quite unexpected
user1: I think that's quite brilliant
user1: i'm sick of fairy tales that depict in all good or all bad.  real life isn't like that
user2: Oh yes, the depiction of her relationship with Aurora, the princess, really sets it apart... 
user1: Can you elaborate on that?
user2: I mean the plot was pretty dark... but it starts with Malefecents first love, stefan
user2: he betrays her to the king and it makes her turn the moors into a foreboding place
user2: She gets a Raven servant that she transforms into different beings as needed and pretty much retreats into her darkness
user1: Angelina is perfect for a dark role
user2: It's true.  Even critics that didn't like it say she was the highlight of the film
user2: I mean I understand the characters darkness too... Stefan betrays her by cutting off her wings with iron... that's pretty mercenary
user2: Stefan is played by Sharito Copley... and Aurora by Elle Fanning
user1: I'm glad to see Angelina getting praise for a role
user1: wow i like the dark edge
user2: Oh sure, and well deserved.  Maleficent watches over Aurora from afar... and she really portrays that kindness under the bitter
user2: Aurora's innocent 'mistake' of calling Maleficent her 'fairy godmother' makes her want to undo the curse on the child... but she can't... an discovers its only broken with true loves kiss
user1: aw so its bittersweet
user2: In a way, yes.  Maleficent sees how the pixies bumbled it up... and they do so again when they tell Aurora all about the past... making her run to her father's castle... 
user1: Angelina has that evil stepmother look
user2: Oh yes... and the look of the film was touted by critics as part of its charm... so 'colorful' and 'bleeding edge digital design' so the look of characters and scenery was commented on
user2: Of course when the princess gets back to the castle the third act is pretty dark too... he locks her away for 'her safety'
user1: So basically Malicefent was a dark person because of this jerk that ruined her life
user1: I think this the year of making the evil woman the hero...think of "I, Tonya"
user2: The true antagonist is Stefan yes... he plots to kill her.. and of course Auroras curse finds a way to fulfill itself... 
user2: And this film was 2014... so maybe it is the decade... LOL
user1: sure, people are getting more into complexities and injustices and understandings.  it's the zeitgeist
user2: Fairy tales always reflect as such... this one no different... as the true love needed to break the curse was the 'motherly' love all along... not Prince Philips... 
user1: well that seems different, usually it's the prince that saves the day
user1: someting about a stepmother dynamic, though, seems to be evil i wonder why
user2: LOL yes, but maleficent saves Aurora and then she saves Maleficent by releasing her wings and Stefan, the real bad guy, dies... so it was pretty great LOL... Anyway, it was nice chatting about it! :)

conversation:
user1: Hi there. Have you ever seen Maleficent?
user2: No i havent.
user1: You should check it out. It's a good movie. It takes a fairytale and turns it upside down.
user1: The main character is played by Angelina Jolie.
user2: upside down? sounds like this is not your typical fairy tale.
user1: No. Not at all. The fairy tale tropes like a prince saving the day are completely different here.
user1: It got an A on CinemaScore
user2: So how does it qualify as a fairy tale then.
user1: It's got the same characters as the Sleeping Beauty fairy tale
user1: They interact in different ways in this version though
user1: It's interesting to see things from the standard "villain" point of view
user2: Oh so its a dark tale told from the villain point of view.
user1: Yes exactly
user2: Thats interesting!
user1: So we get to see the relationships between her and the princess from Maleficent's point of view
user1: It goes more into her back story too since she's the main character here
user2: Any well know actors in this film
user1: Angelina Jolie plays Maleficent
user1: And Elle Fanning plays the princess Aurora
user2: Oh, I love Angelina, shes beautiful.
user1: She does a fantastic job with this character in my opinion
user1: A lot of critics agreed too
user2: Not sure who Elle Fanning, at least not by name, maybe if i see her picture.
user1: She's really good as Aurora
user1: The movie shows her growing up and then meeting Maleficent
user2: What was the box office score, Rotten Tomato? and such 
user1: I'm surprised, but it only got a 51% on Rotten Tomatoes
user1: But an A on CinemaScore
user1: In the movie, even though Maleficent hates Aurora at first, she kind of grows on her
user2: Were there any cool special effects?
user1: Well Maleficent is portrayed as a powerful fairy with giant wings
user1: So there were some effects to get the wings right and she flies some when she's younger
user2: Whats the basic story line in this film? so one trying to overcome someone adversity?
user1: So Maleficent falls in love with a human from a neighboring kingdom
user1: He seems nice at first, but then he betrays her and cuts her wings off so he can become king
user2: Why and how did the two meet up, Aurora and Maleficent?
user1: Aurora is the awful king's daughter
user2: Oh that king sounds horrible.
user1: So she curses the baby to get back at him, but then actually grows to like the girl as she watches her grow up.
user1: Then she feels awful for cursing her and tries to undo it
user2: Whats the nature of the curse she put on her
user1: That's actually taken straight from the original fairy tale
user2: So this villain appears to have a conscience?
user1: She curses her to prick her finger on a spinning wheel and fall into a deep sleep to be woken only by true loves kiss
user1: She kind of develops a better one throughout the movie
user1: As she grows up too
user2: Oh, Ive heard this tale before. so like she ant grow up around any spindle but still manages to prick her finger one day.

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Hello, are you interesting in hearing about a movie I just watched?
user2: Did you know what Maleficent is a SuperHero movie?
user2: Sure, what movie did you just watch?
user1: I didn't know that actually
user1: Maleficent, but I didn't know it was in the Super Hero genre before watching
user1: It certainly seemed different than other Disney films.
user2: I didn't either. I thought it was more of a Fantasy movie. It stars Angelina Jolie, my favorite actress!
user1: I think her look was good for the part.
user1: She has strong eyes, which villans usually have
user2: I don't get why it was rated so low though. The cast looks good and that plot seems ok. The critics are getting too critical like entitled Yelp reviewers.
user2: I agree she does have strong eyes!
user1: It's been out since 2014 and has a rotten tomatoes average of 5.7/10....hmmm, doesn't seem like an appropriate score.
user2: Well, I thought she was a witch and not a fairy, but that's cool to know!
user1: One of the critics says that Maleficent demolishes stereotypes that were only tweaked in Frozen...which ones though?
user2: Probably the one about being a strong woman doing good things allows you to get the things in life you deserve.
user2: And overcoming adversity.
user1: I was wondering if it was the one about not needing  a man, lol
user1: honestly I really need to watch this movie, it really does sound great
user2: Hmm probably. She falls in love at a very young age, whereas I don't know what happened with the "Let it Go" cast.
user1: Do you generally watch movies with so-so ratings?
user1: You haven't seen Frozen???!!!
user1: that's shocking, lol
user2: Yea, just overheard everything from little kids singing all the time. However, back to Maleficent, she takes on caring for a younger fairy, Aurora.
user2: Maleficent seems like a decent person with morals.
user1: This is weird because I thought they were real people, but interesting to learn and makes me want to rewatch the movie.
user1: So, do you agree with the rating of the movie?
user2: Well, Aurora learns who she is and goes back to her father.
user2: I think Aurora actually betrays her
user1: I see that it describes the animation very well
user2: I can't say if I agree with the rating.
user2: Disney is usually relaly good.
user1: So what did you like best about the movie?
user1: I like the people cast for the parts.
user1: I like that the story line is a little unique.
user2: I don't get why the prince wants to kill Maleficent.
user2: But I like that he doesn't succeed.
user2: And when pushed to the limit Maleficent decides it's me or him.
user2: And it looks like she made the right decision.
user2: I think that's my favorite part.
user1: Well thanks for sharing some of your thoughts on the movie
user2: Hey you too
user2: Have a great day!
user1: You too

conversation:
user1: hello
user1: how are you
user2: Doing great! And you?
user2: This movie received a 51% on Rotten Tomatoes
user2: It was directed by Robert Stromberg.
user2: Have you seen this film?
user1: yeah
user1: i have but i do not remember that well
user1: how did the story go again?

conversation:
user1: I really enjoyed watching Maleficent. I enjoy Angelina Jolie as an actress, and I think she did well in this film. I know it got some mixed reviews, but I thought it was entertaining.
user2: I enjoyed the movie as well! It is definitely the opposite of "Frozen" (which I preferred much more actually) but it was enjoyable regardless. Angelina Jolie is a big name actress so just watching it for the sole purpose of seeing her was great. She did a good job!
user1: I also really enjoyed the visual effects in the movie- it was very visually appealing. What was your favorite aspect of the film?
user2: Yes, I agree!  It was definitely visually appealing. My favorite aspect of the film though was how the they played out a different version of the Sleeping Beauty film we all know and love. Its darker and foreboding.. but still a lovely film to watch.  The visual effects were absolutely stunning and the actors did a great job on depicting their characters.
user1: Thats a good analogy. I thought they did a wonderful job with that part of the film. What did you think of the supporting cast? I really liked Elle Fanning and Sharlto Copley in the film as well
user2: The supporting cast did wonderful! I've seen Elle Fanning in other movies and boy can she act! Her depiction of Aurora here was just very well done. Sharlto Copley also did a great job as Stefan! It was refreshing to see another version of this character~ Do you agree with the rating of the movie?  Personally, I think it deserved more than 5.7 on Rotten Tomatoes.  I'd give it at least a good 7/10. What about you?
user1: Sorry, I forgot to respond right away. I believe it was better than the Rotten Tomatoes and MetaCritic scores... definitely around a 7 or an 8.
user1: Do you like superhero movies in general?
user2: No worries!  Sorry, I forgot to respond as well.  Yes, I love Superhero movies! How about you?
user1: Yes, they're one of my favorite genres. I really enjoy all times of cinema, but superhero and action movies are among my favorite.
user1: I don't know why we haven't been given a new document yet... I believe it was supposed to change after three conversation turns
user2: Yeah...this is strange..
user1: There we go
user1: So the scene with Maleficent  as a young girl did a lot for setting the tempo of the movie. I thought it provided a good amount of detail for her back story. How did you feel about the scene?

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: morning
user1: lots of TEJ HITs so that was good
user1: Anyways
user1: Have you seen superhero?
user2: In real life?...Nope
user2: But in movie, theres a lot.
user2: Have you watched Maleficent?
user1: Was directed by Robert Stromberg
user1: Yeah that' the movie
user1: Was looking at the wrong title
user1: Scored a 51 percent
user2: Yes, he was the director of that movie.
user1: I have not seen that movie
user2: Its fine if you haven't watched that movie.
user2: I watched that movie twice, so you can ask me anything you wanna know about that movie.
user1: Sharito copley played district 9?
user1: Is it a good movie?
user2: Not sure if that one is related to that movie.
user2: Yes Maleficent is a good movie.
user1: Hes a good actor
user2: Oh, you are talking about Stefan.
user1: yeah
user1: Is it animation?
user2: Yes he is a good actor.
user2: Theres a lot of 3D effect in this movie. Its basically a fantasy movie.
user1: i like fantasy movies
user1: Whats the movie about
user2: I think you should watch this movie because I'm sure you'd like it.
user2: The movie is about Maleficent who is a powerful fairy living in a Moors who fell in love with a human.
user2: This human is Stefan who betrayed her so that he will become a King.
user1: hmmm
user1: wonder if my daughter would like it
user1: Thanks
user2: Stefan cut her Wings and become a King.
user1: lovley
user2: I'm sure your daughter would liked it.

conversation:
user1: hi
user2: Hi there!
user1: hows it going
user2: Have you seen Maleficent?
user1: have not
user2: It's good
user1: whats it about
user2: Maleficent stars Angelina Jolie and only got 51% on Rotten TOmatoes.
user1: thats bad
user2: I don't really care for how they criticize movies since they have rated other movies low in the past which were good.
user1: good point
user2: I mean it received an A from CinemaScore.
user1: well thats better
user1: did you watch it
user2: The movie is about Maleficent's relationship with the princess and king.
user1: oh ok not that interesting sounding
user2: Well, I am surprised by the fact that it was a Super Hero Genre
user1: that doesnt make sense
user1: should be fairytale
user2: She is a decent being since she cares for a younger fairy at the time.
user2: Yea, exactly!!!!!
user1: oh i see. thats some fake news
user2: Right
user2: Well, Aurora the fairy learns who Maleficent is and rats her out.
user2: Like alittle snitch.
user1: snitches get stitches 
user1: everyone knows that
user2: I don't think Maleficent was a snitch
user2: but if your hypothesis is correct, she could be a snitch and that's why the prince left her.
user1: no the person who ratted her out
user2: And now wants to kill her, but that's speculation
user2: Ah
user2: I see what you mean.
user1: yup i remember the trailer for this
user1: never interested me tho
user1: but good talk
user2: Yea
user1: have a good one
user2: Well he goes after her several times
user2: she kills him
user2: I think it was a good talk
user2: have a good day

conversation:
user1: How's your day going?
user2: It's great! Have you seen Maleficent from 2014?
user1: I did not see that movie. That's the one with Angelina Jolie, right?
user2: Yes it has Angelina Jolie, Sharito Copley, Elle Fanning and Sam Riley.
user1: Is the sequel to that movie The Huntsman with Chris Hemsworth? That was a dreadful movie.
user1: But I did hear good things about Maleficent. Is it the Snow White tale from the bad lady's point of view?
user2: No, I don't think so. It's loosely based on Walt Disney's Sleeping Beauty. It shows the story of the antagonist, showing her conflicted relationship with the princess.
user1: Oh, ok. And what was her relationship with the princess?
user2: I'm not sure her exact relationship with Princess Aurora, but she is not fond of her and places a spell on her to prick her finger on her 16th birthday.
user1: Probably the old "she's prettier than I am" issue that old queens seem to get. Seems like a pretty dark movie.
user2: It is unexpectedly entertaining to watch due to the title character.
user2: Maleficent is a powerful fairy in a magical forest realm neighboring a human kingdom.
user1: I am liking the live action movies that they have started coming out with. Jungle Book was great. Did they keep the scene with the dragon in this movie like they had in the animated version?
user2: I am not sure if I remember that, but Maleficent fell in love with a peasant when she was a young girl. His love for her was overshadowed by his ambition and they grow apart and Maleficent becomes the protector of the Moors.
user1: Oh, I see. Eventually she becomes jealous of the 16 year old girl. Kind of a change in roles for Angelina, how does she hold up?
user2: Angelina gloriously personifies her role as Maleficent. There are lots of levitating cliffs and odd plants, but despite the bleeding edge design the backgrounds have of th old matte painted backgrounds of the analog days.
user1: Nice. Kind of stayed true to the roots of old, unlike some of these over done effects we often see nowadays, ahem, Michael Bay. 
user2: Yes it very much stayed true to the roots of the original.    It was directed by Robert Stromberg and is considered a super hero film genre.                                                                                                                       
user1: Has he done any other films? 
user2: I don't know for sure, but as the movie continues Maleficent begins to care for Aurora despite her strong dislike for her. She does that since the pixies that are to be watching over her fail to do so.
user1: So she turns good in the end?
user2: She does desperately try to undo the curse and Aurora asks to live with Maleficent and the Moors just days before her 16th birthday.
user1: Kind of a fate thing....it was bound to happen. It sounds like a pretty good movie, I may have to check it out. Is Maleficent like an all powerful being?
user2: It is a pretty good flick. She can change people into dragons and has wings to fly. She is pretty interesting character.
user2: I think it is worth a watch.
user1: I'll have to check it out. Is it on Netflix or Amazon Prime?
user2: I am not sure that is something to check though. I hope you are able to watch it.
user2: It got a CinemaScore:A
user1: Nice. I will add this to my movies to watch list. Nice chatting with you!
user2: Great! Nice chatting with you also! 
user2: Gppdbye
user1: Goodbye.

conversation:
user2: Hey there!
user1: Hello!
user1: Have you seen the movie Maleficent?
user2: How are you?
user2: I have
user2: You?
user1: I'm great thanks, and you? I have not seen this movie
user2: You haven’t?
user2: It’s a fun movie really.
user1: I really haven't. wow,I did not know that Angelina Jolie played Maleficent.. Who was your favorite?
user2: I guess, her
user2: She portrays her role very realistically.
user1: Rotten tomatoes score was only 51% but the CinemaScore was an A, guess mixed reviews. 
user2: Exactly, critics don’t love it, but the oiblic does?
user2: Do you think their rating system is fait?
user1: Seems like a fair representation of a mixed review. This was out in 2014, I really missed it by a lot!
user2: Exactly
user1: Loosely based on sleeping beauty, I get it. Sounds like it would be good
user2: Right, but it still is a great movie in my opinion.
user1: Have you seen it more than one time?
user2: Would you watch it after this chat,
user2: I’ve seen it two times now
user1: I think I will. 
user2: Great, you were missing out on a great movie
user1: I wonder if its on Netflix.
user2: I don’t think so
user2: I haven’t seen it on their rooster so far
user1: I am sure I can find it easy enough. Disney :)
user1: Maleficent seems to be a cool character. A lot of powerful moments. 
user2: It’s avery intense movie for sure
user2: Definetely check it out.
user1: Cant wait, critics says "it manages to be improbably entertaining to watch, due solely to its title character"
user1: back handed compliment a bit 
user1: Will you be watching it again after this chat?
user1: Still with me?

conversation:
user2: Hello. 
user1: Hello
user2: What did you think of Maleficent?
user1: Its not my favorite movie, it was a little boring.
user1: How about you?
user2: What did you find boring?
user2: I liked it okay. It wasn't very memorable.
user1: The story was slow and I didn't care enough about the characters.
user2: I agree about the characters.
user1: Was there anything positive?
user2: I thought the costumes were nice.
user2: And the special effects
user1: Same, some of the settings were interesting too.
user1: Are you a fan of Sleeping Beauty?
user2: Yes definitely. They  did a good job creating a "magical" world.
user2: It isn't my favorite, but I like it okay. What about you?
user1: Same. Do you think that impacts your feelings about Maleficent?
user2: I think it was interesting how they gave the villain in Sleeping Beauty more depth and made her more complex in this movie 
user2: I didn't have strong feelings about her character to begin with though.
user1: Do you think you might feel differently about Sleeping Beauty now that you've seen this movie?
user2: No not really. What about you?
user1: Same, I don't think I like either story enough.
user1: Do you like movies of this genre generally?
user2: Not particularly. I like the originals better usually. What about you?
user1: I can like it but generally not the ones aimed towards children.
user1: How do you feel about Disney movies?
user2: I like some of them, but a lot of them have boring plotlines.
user2: What about you?
user1: I like a lot of them.
user2: Which are your favorites?
user1: I really enjoyed Moana.
user1: How about you?
user2: I liked that one too. I liked Tangled.
user1: Do you think you like the animated films more than the live action ones?
user2: The animated ones usually, you?
user1: Same-- the live action ones tend to come off poorly

conversation:
user1: Hi. I just saw an okay movie today 
user2: I really like this movie do you?
user1: I sure did.  SuperHero was good and unfortunately didn't get good rating
user2: What did you think about it?
user2: I'm going to buy it.
user1: Wow. you liked it that much.  who was your favorite actor actress
user2: Elle Fanning
user1: I agree she did do a great job. I like angelina jolie 
user2: I loved her for this character, but not really a fan of hers.
user1: lol. we all can't like everything that everyone likes. 
user2: Very true.
user2: This movie was so well put together it felt real to me.  How about you?
user1: It was a little dark and some children might not understand it .   
user2: True but I like it for the older children.  Goosebump stage
user1: I understand where you are coming from . Overall I feel it was a good job by robert stromberg. 
user2: Yep.  Most of the movies now just get better.
user1: I never was into goose bump or the darker movies. However, I watched as a favor to my friend
user1: Good plot . what was your favorite part
user2: Where she would sit in the woods and watch from afar.
user2: I wonder if there will be a part 2.
user1: I think they purposely leave it open ended just in case there is room for part 2 or 3 depending on how well it goes over.
user1: I think I will rewatch it . After all it is a snowy day here and you usually miss one or two things the first time watching a movie
user2: Yeah.  I am really hoping there will be a sequel.  I'm so ready for one.
user1: Okay. Hope they do for your sake. It was very suspensful and I do love romance.  who doesn't like a fairy God mother so to speak
user2: Yeah.  For some reason this movie has stuck in my head since I saw it in the theatre.   I'm just drawn to it.
user1: Wow. You really did like it. I definitely will be rewatching it. how many times have you watched it
user2: Once...lol
user1: Do you think Stefan actually dies or makes it somehow. Since maleficent breaks away and send him to the death
user2: I think he makes it.  Well I'm hoping anyway.
user1: yes me too

conversation:
user2: Hi
user2: Have you see maleficent? 
user1: I have not, was it good? 
user2:  I haven’t seen it earlier either.  However it looks like you got a rotten tomatoes score 51% I’m pretty sure that’s a low number .
user1: I'm not an Angelina Jolie fan, but the trailer looked good actually 
user2: Oh it does look like she was the star of the movie. I think I remember did she have like big black horns on the top of her head.
user1: yes, she looked scary!
user2: Though it through it it looks like it was dark Disney movie
user1: yes, i agree.   I would watch it if it came on tv, but not pay for it in a theater
user1: If she's the villain maybe i will like it   lol
user2:  I agree it looks like it’s only been out for like four years  so I guess it’s one of their newer ones. it looks like it’s being pitched is the anti-frozen 
user1: do you generally like Disney movies? 
user2: I did as a kid and now that I’m a parent I get to see them all again  and they have so many jokes that would’ve gone over my head as a kid.  But I truly love horror movies 
user1: omg, so do I!!  
user1: whats your favorite horror movie? 
user2: I like campy horror but I think  my all-time favorite one will always be silence of the lambs
user2:  I didn’t realize mail left us it was a fairy character I guess they’re super dark fairies then 
user1: good one!  I just watched that again last week! Do you like The Evil Dead movies? 
user2:  Yes I enjoy those a lot too I also kind a like the British comedic take offs of their horror 
user1: give me an example?
user2:  Shaun of the dead but it was a take on zombies is well was just funny British comedy 
user1: I've never seen that 
user2: It was prey good. As I read through this Maleficent article it looks like it was super dark to. A bad love story meets curses and betrayal I guess
user1: now I want to see it lol 
user1: I think i'll look it up on my on demand this weekend and see if it's there 
user2:  Wow this is super twisted Cinderella story it looks like maleficent  Took the daughter of her former lover guess to punish him .how is this a kids movie 
user1: well it was nice talking to you , have a good  day! 
user2:  Oh did finish conversation come up for you it’s still greed
user1: I t didn't sorry.. too soon... lol..
user2: Greed = grayed out
user1: yes  it's grey
user2: Lol  have a great day 
user1: you too!!  

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hi, how are you?
user2: I am good thank you. How are you?
user1: Similar, thanks for asking! Have you seen the movie "Maleficent"?
user2: No I havent. Is it a good movie?
user1: I have heard good things about it! Do you like dark fantasies/ fairy tales?
user2: I like fairy tales.
user2: Who are the main actors in it?
user1: It's based off of Sleeping Beauty.
user1: Angelina Jolie playes the main character, and Elle Fanning is also in the film
user2: Oh, I think I have heard about it. What is the story line?
user2: Is it a movie my kids could watch?
user1: Maleficent is a fairy that lives in a magical forest which borders a human kingdom. She falls in love with a human peasant boy as a youngster but then they drift apart into adulthood.
user1: I'm sure older kids would enjoy the film, but probably not your youngest
user1: It's a little violent and contains acts of betrayal
user2: Oh
user2: What is it rated?
user1: I honestly don't know! I woud assume it to be in the PG realm
user2: Thats good. My older two kids should like it then
user2: would you recommend it to others?
user1: I would if they like the fantasy genre
user2: I see
user2: have you watched it?
user1: I have not seen it personally
user1: I am not one for the genre
user2: i might have to check it out
user2: What is your genre of movies?
user1: I like dramas, comedies, suspense and horror
user2: What is your favorite movie?
user1: Oh man, I have so many that I really like! Trainspotting is amongst them.
user2: I dont watch movies much besides disney lol
user1: Well then you'd probably really like this one because it's based off of Sleeping Beauty!

conversation:
user2: What do you think about Maleficent?
user1: I enjoyed it! I thought Angelina Jolie did a really great job portraying such an interesting title character.
user2: Yes! She is the best! I dont think Rotten Tomatoes gave her a good rating like they should have.
user1: agreed! I was surprised to see that it had such a low rating.
user2: Who was your favorite aside from angelinas character?
user1: I thought Elle Fanning was great! She really embodied Aurora well. I think she's a great actress.
user1: Who was your favorite?
user2: I enjoyed Auroras character as well.
user2: She portrayed it as good as the animated one.
user1: I agree! The movie as a whole felt consistent with the original animated film :)
user2: I love that most of the time the evil ones are really misunderstood.
user1: yes! I found myself sympathizing a lot with Maleficient
user2: I also enjoyed the scenery that they portrayed in this movie. It was still magical.
user1: I agree! it really felt like we were in a fairy tale
user1: I have to say: the movie was a lot darker than I expected it was going to be! Did you expect that it would be such a dark film?
user2: I didnt expect it to be dark at all. It seemed like it was going to have alot more of the princess magic like feel but instead it painted a new picture of this fairy tale.
user1: I thought the scene where Stefan cuts off Maleficient's wings was really shocking!
user2: Yes it definitely was. It was so sad.
user2: How about the true loves kiss. I didnt expect that..
user1: Me neither. And I was surprised that Maleficient was initially Aurora's protector!
user2: Yes. This is definitely a family favorite.
user1: I don't know if I'd let young kids watch it, though-- it's really scary in parts!
user2: If i had a choice i would choose her to be my fairy god mother
user2: I agree! I dont have young kids so it wouldnt be a problem but i can see how it can cause nightmares.
user2: It definitely was not a good end for stefan.
user2: The way he fell to his own death.
user1: Agreed! 
user1: He deserved it, though
user2: Phillip did seem like quite the charmer.
user2: How did you like that Maleficent was the true loves kiss?
user2: well in motherly love .
user1: I can see why Aurora was attracted to him!
user1: I was surprised that she was the true loves kiss!

conversation:
user2: Hello
user2: Are you there?
user1: What did you think of the movie?
user2: I recently saw Maleficent
user2: It was really good
user1: I agree, I really enjoyed Elle Fanning
user1: who was your favorite character?
user2: Yeah she was great as Autora
user2: The crow was really good.
user1: I didn't think it deserved at 51% on rotten tomatoes
user1: The cinema score seems to be better 
user2: Yeah im not sure i trust rating sites very much
user1: have you seen other films by the director Robert Stromberg? 
user2: They did a great job with the CGI for the creatures in the moores. 
user2: Not that i know of
user1: same with me 
user1: did you find the magical forest realm to be realistic? 
user2: Well, as realistic as a magical fantasy relm can be
user1: it's sad that aurora had a curse on her and couldn't undo it
user2: Yeah but that had to be kept from the original story from the brothers Grim 
user1: yeah that makes sense 
user1: i liked how the raven was able to change forms 
user1: what did you think about that 
user2: Yeah , he was my favorite character, when he was changed into a dragon was fantastic
user1: oh i didn't read about that part 
user1: what happened? 
user2: When the king traped her in an iron net her last resort was to turn the crow into a dragon to fight off the knights
user1: that's rude of the king! 
user2: haha yes it was
user1: at least stefan was finally killed
user2: which is rare in a disney film
user1: i was worried that Maleficent would die in the fight 
user1: yeah thats a good point 
user1: i know it was inspired by sleeping beauty 
user2: Yeah it had a happy ending
user1: but i don't think anyone died in sleeping beauty 

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Hey how are you.
user2: I am very good, so lets talk about this movie.
user1: Yes! I am trying to recall some of the best scenes of the movie already, I though it was decent.
user2: Right right, same here, I feel like the make of for Maleficent was too good though.
user1: Haha absolutely.
user1: I cant believe it is almost 4 years ago. :O
user2: I know, time flies like crazy.
user2: I remember seeing this movie in the theaters though.
user2: You?
user1: Theaters also but I did not really get to enjoy it since I was with my kids and had to focus on them too haha.
user2: Haha, right right.
user2: I like the actor that plays Stephan btw.
user2: Stefan*.
user1: Ohh him, I feel like he got a lot of other movies too, he played well as Stefan.
user2: Hes a great actor, up and coming that time.
user1: Yeah. To me the plot for this movie is somewhat refreshing right?
user2: Exactly, I remember seeing this as like an experimental type of movie trying to make a change in to somewhat of a repeating cycle of kids movie.
user1: That too, but I won't really consider this as a kids movie haha
user2: Right right.
user2: I remember it being too dark.
user2: Like cinematic wise.
user1: Hahaha kind of.
user1: I can't believe it got a low rating though.
user2: It should be at least 75% in Rotten tomatoes!
user1: 80 even hahaha
user2: Any favorite part of the movie?
user1: The key scene in the document for me that stands out was Malifecent and Stefan in the tower.
user2: Right, that scene was intense, I feel like that was the climactic part of the movie.
user1: Yes, although I feel like this movie would definitely confuse a lot of people plot wise if you wont be paying much attention to it.
user2: Definitely, too much going on, maybe thats why it got a low rating.
user1: Yes, I would still rewatch it though just too clear things up if I am in the mood again. haha.
user2: You read my mind.
user2: I miss watching Angelina Jolies work haha, thanks for the great conversation, have a good one my friend!
user1: Hahaha, yeah, no worries, you have a good one too! Bye
user2: Later.

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: hi
user1: what is the name of the movie
user2: So i am reading about this great movie
user2: It stars angelina jolie and is a disney movie
user2: fairy tale, based on another disney movie
user1: I think she was great in that.
user2: yes she plays a wicked person who is very strong with her powers
user1: she had wings and was a life size fairy
user1: Can I ask do you know the name of the movie?
user2: i have watched it with my kids before and they were scared in certain parts, but really enjoyed it
user1: I do.
user2: yes i know the name
user1: Do you want my title to compare?
user2: sure that would be great
user1: Did you kids like it overall?
user2: yes they like this particular movie
user2: she lived in a magical forest that bordered a human village
user1: Maleficent is the movie name
user2: yes excellent!
user1: I plan on watching this movie tonight
user1: Is the movie name I suggested aligned with the one you had in mind?
user2: yes it is. very good
user1: I think she was not wicked until something wicked was done to her by someone she trusted
user2: its all ends well in that movie
user1: What parts did you kids find scary?
user2: yes she showed a different more caring side in that movie
user1: How long is the document?
user2: when they were little a few years ago just her look in the movie
user1: Did you get a document?
user2: its on the 3rd page now
user2: yea
user1: When do you plan to rewatch?
user2: after we watched the movie we had to watch the original sleeping beauty to contrast both
user2: we own it on blu ray :)
user1: Is the movie, a movie you own ?
user1: Okay, 

conversation:
user2: This sounds like an entertaining movie. I like fairy tales anyway, so this sounds intriguing.
user1: Do you think it was to dark to be a fairy tale? Most fairy tale moves are bright and bubbly.
user2: That is true. Although if you think of hansel and gretel for example, where the children get eaten, or red riding hood where the wolf ate the grandma. lol. a lot of times fairy tales can be dark. Do you generally like dark tales?
user1: Since, Maleficent is a Disney film. You think they would make it more soft since children are the target audience of their movies. True fairy tales are dark fantasy like this move.
user2: Yes, I'm thinking that this one was not targeted to children though. What do you think about Angelina Jolie as the lead role? 
user1: She does bring a richness to the role that is hard to capture. What was her best scene in the film in your opinion? 
user2: There are so many excellent scenes. I'm actually surprised that the reviews are so low for rotten tomatoes and metacritic. 
user1: They are middle of the board which is not bad. I expected ratings in the upper 70 to 85. Did they effect your opinion of the film?
user2: I usually don't watch movies that have such bad ratings, but I gave this one a try. I thoroughly enjoyed it. 
user1: The animated film version has a powerful influence on critic judgement. So I understand why the ratings are so low.
user2: Yes, that's a good point. What rating would you give the movie if could? 
user1: A range between 72 to 81. The film captures who Maleficent was but not enough of her personality.
user2: What did you think of the story line? It seems to differ quite a bit from the sleeping beauty fairy tale that I've read before. 
user1: In this film, you see the cause of the villain's hate. The original fairy tale only shows one side or the aftermath of Maleficent's story. Do you think this film explains both sides enough?
user2: Yes, I think that is what I enjoyed about this film. It is not one sided like many fairy tales are. I like the suspense of waiting to see how the film will turn out, considering the viewpoint of the different sides. 
user1: Since you see both sides in the film, do you think Maleficent was justified in reacting that way in the end?
user2: Yes, I think she is justified. She has gone through so much in her life. What do you think about it?
user1: Yes. She is innocent until Stefan betrays her by drugging her and cutting off her wings. I feel that he could have done something else to reach his personal goals.
user2: Yes, I think so too. What do you think of the cinematography? It seemed a little lackluster to me, although it had the potential to be amazing. 
user1: It feet the mood of the plot. I didn't get use to it until later in the film. But once you're in the story is works when you get the tone.
user2: What did you make of the relationship between Aurora and Maleficent? 
user1: Maleficent sees herself in Aurora and wants to guide her down the right path. Do you think King Henry and Stefan are kind of the same character?
user2: Hmmm. I hadn't thought of that before, but I can see what you mean. There are some similarities. Do you think they are the same character?
user1: Both want to have complete power in some form or another. The king wants Moors while Stefan wants to feel powerful and be see as such.
user2: Yes, I can see that. I thought the final scene was so suspenseful. It had me on the edge of my seat. Will one die? Who will win? Will they both die? I was happy by the ending though.
user1: Me also. I am going to rewatch it. I think watching it again will answer so question I had towards the end.
user2: I want to watch it again this weekend too! Its been a while but discussing it has made me want to rewatch it!
user2: I'm going to try to understand better the relationship between aurora and maleficent. And also the similarities between King henry and stefan. 
user1: The relationship of the king and Henry makes me think could Prince Phillip be the same or opposite in a way. Rewatching would help answer that question.
user2: Yes, that will be interesting to keep a look out for. 
user1: Why do you think Maleficent's kiss works but not Price Phillip when they are at Stefan;s castle?
user2: I suppose because of her magical powers. I hadn't really questioned it. Is that not addressed in the movie?
user1: I agree with that. I guess her love was stronger than his for Aurora at the time.

conversation:
user2: hey hey
user2: this movie, am i right?
user1: Hey
user2: what's up
user1: What did you think of the movie?
user2: just thinking about this movie, malifecent, starring angelina jolie, man, is it a great example of a movie that I've seen
user1: I have never seen the move, but it has a good cast.
user2: metacritic gives it 56 out of 100, but I'm like, this movie is a solid 60 
user1: cinemascore gave it an A
user2: sharlito copley, forget about it
user1: anglina jolie
user2: They know what's up
user2: it's totaly a superher genra movie as well, inmy opinion
user1: how does maleficent mortally wound king henry?
user1: seems dark for a fairy tale
user2: this movie has a raven
user1: I guess they call it a dark fantasy film
user2: A powerful farie living in the moors, what a character to play for jolie. right up her wheelhouse
user2: yeah, it's a total 2014 dark fantasy film
user1: That scene seems more like what I would think the film would be like
user2: when that one guy cuts off some wings of some kind, talk about dark!
user1: I guess that's the dark part
user2: It's crazy that she dislike aurora initially, as it pertains to the plot of the film in a significant way
user1: I'm not sure about this origin story
user2: what's wrong with it?
user1: Seems like they're adding a bunch of back story to something that doesn't need it
user1: I'm guessing that dragon scene doesn't look great
user1: Hey, she got her wings back!
user2: like a bunch of hack screenwriters reverse engineering a story from a uncomlicated one just to add uneeded dramatics tension, and other things they can check off their screenplay writer's checklis
user1: exactly
user1: Stefan isn't a great name for a baddie
user2: man, you can't deny when stefan locks his daughter ina a room it's pretty great. My favorite part
user2: 1i just love the room and how it was decorated. see ya
user1: and an iron net!
user1: see ya
user1: are we done?

conversation:
user2: Lmk when youre done reading
user1: You should watch the movie Maleficent.
user2: whats that about?
user1: It is loosely inspired by Sleeping Beauty.
user2: Any good actors?
user2: Have you seen it?
user1: Angelina Jolie, Sharito Copley, Elle Faning and Sam Riley.
user1: I have seen it.
user2: Did you like it?
user2: Is it a "popcorn" movie? Haha or something worth paying for? We know how ticket prices are these days.
user1: I did. It is very beautiful. It has a colourful woodland enlivened by joyous fairies.
user1: I think it would be worth paying for.
user2: Good to know.
user2: How loosely based on sleeping beauty? I
user2: Angelina Jolie is the main character? I like her.
user1: Pretty loosely. Instead of being all about the princess. It is about Maleficent herself.
user2: Ah the witch
user2: How many apples are in the movie?
user1: Jolie plays Maleficent who is a powerful failry living in the Moors, a magical forest realm that borders the human kingdom.
user2: Are they all poisoned? 
user1: No apples in this one.
user2: Does she grant wishes? Or just have magic powers? 
user2: Really! No apples...hmm
user1: She doesn
user2: Not sure if I'd want to see this 
user2: The lack of apples is concerning
user1: She grants no wishes. She is queen of the fairy realm.
user2: Whats the plot?
user1: Maleficent falls in love with a peasant boy as a child. They grow apart. The king tries to take over the fairy realm and Maleficent mortally wounds the king. The king swears that who ever kills Maleficent will become king and marry his daughter. The peasant boy goes in to try and do it. 
user2: Ohhhhhh
user1: He betrays her love and becomes king.
user2: WOW
user2: SPOILERS DUDE
user1: Big spoilers.
user2: But that does seem like a good movie now
user2: I dig fantasy stuff so 
user2: Is this disney?
user1: It is really good.
user1: It is Disney.
user2: Nice nice
user2: Thanks for the reccomendation
user2: Bye
user1: You are very welcome. Have a great day.

conversation:
user1: Hi, how are you?
user2: good!
user2: how are you?
user1: good, thank you
user2: are you curious about the movie?
user1: Which movie is it?
user2: maleficent
user1: what's it about?
user2: it's a superhero movie
user1: cool, I like those
user1: who's in it?
user2: angelina jolie plays the main character 
user2: it's loosely based on the sleeping beauty
user1: That sounds interesting.
user1: Did you like it?
user2: yes
user1: does it have a good plot?
user2: yes it's very interesting, i like how the they take a twist on sleeping beauty by showing you the antagonist fairy's side
user1: That sounds like a really cool angle
user1: I like a good anti-hero
user2: also it's heartbreaking because her childhood love ends up becoming the king/father of the sleeping beauty princess. and the king tries to kill her and he cuts off her fairy wings. that's when the fairy becomes dark
user1: wow! It sounds like a dark take on a fairy tale
user2: however, she ends up growing fond over princess aurora, who starts to call her "fairy godmother".  it shows you angelina jolie's dark character is not so dark after all
user1: It sounds like something I would love
user2: yes it's super cool!
user2: you should watch it when you can
user1: I like a anti-hero's back story
user1: why exactly they turned into the person they did
user2: it got an A grading on CinemScore
user1: Sounds good
user2: then you'll love this movie :)
user1: OK take care!

conversation:
user1: Hi what is the name of the movie?
user2: It is Maleficent.
user1: Cool what year did that movie come out?
user2: It came out in 2014. I did not see this movie, though.
user1: What genre of movie is it? Like a drama or fantasy?
user2: It appears to be kind of a fantasy movie loosely based on Snow White.
user1: Oh that sounds cool. Who plays the main character?
user2: Angelina Jolie is the main star. 
user1: She's a great actress. Are there any other big name stars in the movie?
user2: I don't recognize any of the other stars, but I don't follow stars that much.
user2: Sharito Copley, Elle Fanning, Sam Riley
user1: What are the reviews like? Mostly positive or negative?
user2: It seems to have gotten mixed reviews. The Rotten Tomatoes score was 51%.
user1: Oh, that's about average. Are there any key scenes that people are talking about?
user2: I can't find anything in particular, but maybe it is when Malificent kills the king.
user1: Wow that seems like a huge twist!
user1: Are there any really negative reviews from any critics?
user2: It seems Maleficent is actually a fairy living in area near humans.
user1: Wow that sounds pretty interesting!
user2: While the king is dying, he offers his kingdom to whoever kills Maleficent.
user1: Sounds like a very interesting plot
user1: Are you planning to watch this movie in the future?
user2: Yeah, one guy drugs Maleficent and cuts off her wings which is lethal to fairies.
user1: Oh that's terrible!
user2: I might watch it with my daughter.
user1: Based on the information you provided, I actually feel like I want to see this movie now
user2: Maleficent gets her revenge in the end. It seems she actually becomes a dark character.
user1: Wow that sounds intriguing! Are there any other interesting facts about the movie?
user2: Evidently the movie is bit violent for this type of movie.
user1: Oh really?
user2: There are graphic scenarios evidently -- like you might see in a horror movie. I'm not sure how they actually play out on the screen.
user2: Okay, I'm done. Nice talking with you.

conversation:
user1: Hello!  How's your day?
user2: Pretty good! How is yours? 
user1: Great thanks!  :)   So it looks like we'll be talking about Maleficent today, I loved this movie.  How about you?
user2: Yes, I enjoyed it. Very different from the cartoon sleeping beauty, I liked seeing her side of the story.
user2: Who was the guy who cut off her wings again? 
user1: Yes, I really liked seeing the story from the other perspective too.  
user2: What I felt annoying what the 4 fairies... they were so slow
user1: that was Stefan who cut off her wings
user1: I liked the 4 fairies at the end, but through most of the movie they were just annoying as you say
user2: Stefan ! Yes he was horrible to Maleficent. Betray for power, classic story line 
user1: yes... I was very surprised to find myself being sympathetic with the character who is the bad guy (or girl, I guess)
user1: at the beginning of the movie, when she meets Stefan in the forest, you think that they're going to be life-long friends, and it just broke my heart when he betrayed her like that
user2: yea a lot of movies these days make you feel sympathy for the “villain” 
user1: yes, I suppose that is a fairly popular theme these days
user2: Yea mans greed, destroying friendships. Who was your favorite character ?
user1: I think Maleficent was probably my favorite, but I also liked the raven Diaval
user1: I love how she just turns him into whatever she wants, even though it irks him   LOL
user2: Mine too! He added humor to the movie. He was the one who actually took care of aurora lol
user1: yes exactly
user2: What did you think about the CGI when she turns into a dragon ?
user1: Oh I really loved that!  Stunning effects all the way through the movie
user1: I also really appreciated all the twists and turns in this movie
user1: it's a story we all know so well, but it never really went the direction you thought it would
user2: Agreed! When they show where she lives , with all the mystical creatures. Looked like a very nice place existz 
user1: Yes, even though I knew the scenery was all CGI, I kept finding myself thinking that I would love to visit there 
user2: Right , when I first saw the trailer I thought it was gonna be her , seeking revenge taking a much more darker tone but I was wrong 
user1: exactly!  And then when it's revealed that the only way to break the curse is by true love's kiss, you expect it to be the guy Aurora met in the woods, and I was totally surprised that it was Maleficent's kiss that did it
user1: kept me guessing til the very end, and I love that
user2: I often wondered why people think locking up their child would kept them safe... lol
user1: I agree
user1: I think the scene with the room that had all the broken spinning wheels was great, it really creeped me out
user2: Didn’t they light a fire of all of them ?
user1: even though I knew what was going to happen, I actually sat there yelling "no! no! don't touch the stupid thing!"   Yes, and then one of them reassembled itself from the pieces
user2: Magic! 
user1: it truly was
user2: What age was it that the it would take affect 
user1: and then the fight scene after Maleficent got her wings back, that was thrilling
user1: 16, wasn't it?
user2: Yes that’s what it was 16.
user2: Well it was nice talking to you about the movie :) 
user1: you too!  :)
user2: Have a good day!

conversation:
user1: HI... How's your day so far?
user2: Hello! It's going great. Sorry for some reason.. I wasn't allowed to chat for a second. Thanks for asking though
user1: What do think about the story line? I like back stories.
user2: it's good from what I can tell, the dark fantasy films usually from what I know have good back stories.
user1: I like that you can see a story from another point of view.
user1: Do you like angelina jolie as an actress?

conversation:
user2: Hi there
user1: hey
user2: So do you like movies?
user1: yes i watch movies all the time.
user2: That's wonderful
user1: have you seen the movie listed by the survey
user2: I have! What do you want to know about it?
user1: i think starting with the title is a good idea lol
user1: whats the cast and director like
user2: It's called Maleficent
user1: whats it about?
user2: The main person is Angelina Jolie (who places Maleficent) and it's directed by Robert Stromberg.
user2: It's basically Sleeping Beauty, but just a darker version based on the bad person from Sleeping Beauty.
user1: who does angelina jolie play?
user2: The main character, Maleficent.
user2: Got any other questions?
user1: yes
user1: who plays sleeping beauty
user2: There isn't an actual sleeping beauty character, it's just loosely based on some people from Sleeping Beauty.
user1: sounds interesting.
user1: what was a key scene in the movie? 
user2: It's super interesting, I'd definitely recommend it. An interesting concept. 
user2: I don't want to give too much away, but there's a lot of fairy tale themes and drama where a lot of people are trying to kill Maleficent.
user2: Any other questions?
user1: so you would say it was a movie worth watching?
user1: was the acting good?
user2: Yeah definitely! You won't see many other movies like it. 
user2: And yes definitely, Angelina Jolie steals the show.
user1: sounds like a pretty cool movie.
user1: did you have a favorite scene? 
user2: There's a pretty intense one, where Stefan and a couple other people are trying to kidnap and kill Maleficent. She and Aurora have to escape, and I won't tell you how it ends, but it's pretty intense.

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: hello to you too :)
user2: have you seen this movie before?
user1: I think Maleficent is a decent movie.  I expected it to be a bit better, but I still like Angelina Jolie.
user2: I thought I pick another movie but somehow we are chatting about maleficent
user2: Angelina jolie is a great actress
user2: so what is this movie about?
user2: What makes it decent?
user1: I know, I think she is beautiful (and shares a birthday with me)
user1: It's loosely based off Sleeping Beauty.
user2: haha for real? when is your birthday?
user1: June 4th.
user2: Sleeping beauty? is Angelina jolie play the sleeping beauty in this movie?
user2: June 4th? cool, less than three more months
user1: No she plays Maleficent, who is the main villian from sleeping beauty, and this movie shows how things transpired from her point of view.
user2: so this movie focus on the villain point of view? cool
user2: does it make the villain seem more decent? 
user2: and did she die at the end?
user1: Basically she and the main guy, Stefan, get a long great as kids, but grow apart as they age, and she becomes the guardian of the moors (a magical forest), and the King tries to conquer the Moors and when she fatally wounds him the King declares whoever defeats her can marry his daughter and become heir.
user1: Stefan visits Meleficent and tries to drug her, but can't bring himself to murder his childhood friend.
user2: so basically the king was trying to destroy the forest which she is protecting, does not sounds like she is the bad person in this story.  he tries to drug her?  Does she have special power in this story?  Is she not a witch or something?
user2: ah, she is the fairy
user1: She becomes very upset by Stefan drugging her and turns the Moors into a dark kingdom and finds a raven named Diaval that's her confidant. And can transform him into different forms (such as a human.
user1: She doesn't like Aurora, but begins to care for her when the pixies can't. And she watches over Aurora from a distance.
user1: At 15 Aurora realizes she's being watched and begins to call Maleficent her fairy godmother.
user2: kind of a sad stories about how a fairy and human love each other but ended up hurting each other at the end. and the princess is aurora in this story right? so what happens at the end of the story?  Did everyone get a happy ending?
user2: so decent means not bad and worth watching but not a movie where people said it is the movie of the year right?  Maleficent looks like it got average rating for the most part.
user1: Aurora is the princess yes, and Malefecint put a spell on her.
user2: but maleficent does not hate the princess in this story right? She has issues with the human friend and the king but not the princess so it is different than sleeping beauty.
user1: I believe Aurora is Stefan's child.
user2: aurora is not the king's child?  but you said she is the princess...
user2: she is the princess not s he is the princess
user1: Maybe she is, it is a bit confusing.
user1: In the long run someone tries to kiss Aurora to wake her and it doesn't work.
user2: Anyhow, I like Angelina jolie so I would probably watch her movie just to watch her in action, or dressed up haha. I think most of movies involve her have been good and have decent stories, though an average rating is rare for movies she is in as her movie usually has higher rating.  so she was kissed but she did not wake up?  so how did she end up getting saved at the end?
user1: Maleficent goes to Aurora's bedside, and apologizes for putting the curse on her and kisses her forehead, which awakens Aurora.

conversation:
user1: Hi, have you seen the movie Maleficent?
user2: Yes, but its been a while. It was good.
user2: Hard to believe that the movie was in 2014. Seems just like yesterday.
user1: Sure was! I loved how it was from her point of view. Angelina Jolie did a great job I thought. Who else was in it?
user2: She was the main one that I remember.
user2: I'm surprised the Rotten Tomatoes score was only 51% though.
user1: Well you know how lopsided RT can be. Elle Fanning was in it as the Sleeping BEauty
user1: U keep thinking about how Maleficent's horns were shorn, that was intense
user1: I keep thinking, not "U", typo
user2: Kinda neat it was inspired by the Walt Disney 1959 animated film of Sleeping Beauty.
user2: The Cinema Score was an A. That's pretty good.
user1: Indeed, I thought it didnt really get enough respect overall, it worked really well as a fairy tale movie
user2: The critical responses are always confusing to read.
user1: Oh wow, I forgot that her love interest is who cut her horns off, that's even more intense!

conversation:
user2: Hey!
user2: Hello?
user2: Anybody home...
user2: Whats the title of the movie?
user1: Have you seen any Angelina Jolie movies?
user2: I did, mostly the Tomb Raider movies she had.
user2: And also "Wanted"
user1: I think you're supposed to guess the title
user2: Lol, not really.
user2: You just have to tell it to me if I asked what was the title...
user1: It's a "SuperHero" fantasy type of film with Elle Fanning
user1: It's Maleficient
user2: Cool!
user2: I loved that movie, it is so underrated haha,.
user1: I actually haven
user1: Maleficient was a fairy that lived with the Moors... she turned it into a dark kingdom
user2: You should definitely watch it.
user2: Yeah, Angelina Jolie was very fitting for that part. Hands down...
user1: I think I will since it has something to do with Kings and Moors
user1: Do you know who Diaval was?
user1: Or the year that it came out?
user1: It actually received a 51% Rotten Tomato score... I'll have to see the movie to see if that is fair.
user2: I seriously forgot already.
user2: All I focused on was Angelina Jolie because I have a crush on her ever since Tomb Raider came out.
user2: Wow, thats it?!
user2: Rotten Tomato critics are so delusional sometimes.
user1: It received an "A" for a cinema score though
user1: It received an "A" for some reason and it is loosely based on Sleeping Beauty, so it's worth watching for me.
user1: I grew up with stories like Sleeping Beauty
user2: Yeah, I can still remember some parts of it paying homage to great stories like Sleeping Beauty.
user2: Can you tell me more about the plot again?
user1: Maleficient is a fairy that lives in a magical forest alongside a kingdom of humans
user1: She falls in love with a peasant boy named Stefan
user1: It ends up not turning out well for the two lovers because Stefan plans to kill Maleficient
user2: Ooooh!
user2: That was the King right?
user1: I don't think he was a king... he was a peasant
user1: They ended up fighting and Maleficient sent Stefan to his grave
user2: Ooops....
user2: I think I may have spoiled something...
user1: It seems that Maleficient was hiding her true identity from a person named Aurora
user2: If you havent watched it.
user2: Go for it! LOL. Thank you so much for the great conversation my friend.
user2: Have a good one! I might rewatch the movie again, thanks to you.
user1: Great!
user1: Even with all of the film's limitations, it still seems that it will be entertaining to watch, due solely to Angelina Jolie's character
user1: There are also some pretty cool cinematic features like floating cliffs and weird plantlife

conversation:
user1: Have you seen Maleficent ?
user1: Maleficent is a 2014 movie with Angelina Jolie.
user2: No, only the previews
user1: It's a dark fantasy.
user2: How good was the acting
user2: Was there animation?
user1: The film has a Rotten Tomatoes score of 51
user1: No 
user2: Did you see the movie?
user1: You should see it.
user1: Yes, I saw it a few years ago.
user2: I wll later on tonight, thanks
user1: It's loosely based on Snow White.
user2: Does it havedwarts?
user1: I do not think so.
user1: It's based on Sleeping Beauty not Snow White, my mistake.
user2: I thought it wasA CHILD'S MOVIE.
user1: It's a dark fantasy, not for little kids.
user2: Excuse the typos
user1: Cinemascore is an A.
user1: That's okay.
user2: Jollie isn't one of my favorite actresses, but I wiil Check the film out
user1: Good idea
user2: Is it very log?
user1: Metascore is 56
user2: I thought this was 3 comments per page
user2: OK
user1: I do not know how long
user1: Yes, you are right.
user2: Are there any other well-known actors?
user1: Eli Fanning, Sam Riley
user1: Walt Disney made the 1959 Sleeping Beauty this is loosely based on.
user2: I remember the story from Tv
user1: Yes
user1: The film has Angelina Jolie's Character as main character in movie.

conversation:
user1: Did you like the movie?
user2: I love any movie Angelina Jolie is in.
user1: I thought Angelina Jolie was great in this movie.
user2: and I've always liked Elle over Dakota Fanning any day.
user1: I can't believe this movie only got 51% from Rotten Tomatoes...
user2: Yeah, I don't think it was deserving of that.
user1: Yeah, Elle was perfect for this role. So innocent looking...
user2: I agree
user1: I like the different take on this classic tale.
user2: Right? I think that's what made it get the rating it did.
user1: I loved that part at the beginning when she was a little girl fairy and becomes friend with Stephen.
user2: You know, Maleficent wasn't always a bad person
user2: Yeah, her story is sad
user1: Yeah, it was Stephen who betrayed her
user2: I guess she loved him more than he loved her.
user1: It's hard to imagine the original Sleeping Beauty movie was made in 1959!
user1: I also like that Meleficent can't really dislike Aurora because Aurora is so sweet...
user2: Yeah, that's a long time ago.
user2: She cannot be resisted.
user1: Sad and sweet story...
user2: Definitely a lot darker than the cartoon
user2: I like that direction though
user1: More complex.
user1: So the true love was Maleficent not Phillip. 
user2: I suppose it was
user1: I loved it when she got her wings back!
user2: I wasn't expecting that surprise
user1: Stephen stayed bitter and cold to the end...sad
user2: He got what he deserved
user1: Sadly, yes.

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: hello
user1: Have you seen the movie SuperHero with Angelina Jolie?
user1: Oops, I mean the movie Maleficent?
user2: I have not seen it - have you seen the original Sleeping Beauty from 1959? 
user1: No I haven't. Maleficent was from 2014. 
user2: Yes.  Sleeping Beauty is where the character of Maleficent originated. 
user1: It's based on Sleeping Beauty but shows the story of Maleficent rather than Sleeping Beauty.
user2: I enjoy when one story is told from multiple perspectives. 
user1: I'm not a big fan of Angelina Jolie, but this movie looked pretty good.
user1: I think she would play a good evil person, lol.
user1: I do too.
user2: She's definitely played criminals and even psychos before.  
user2: But also Lara Croft, who is almost a superhero in her own right.  
user1: That's true. I haven't seen those movies either. But reading the information they are telling us on the form, maybe I'll see if it's on Netflix. It didn't get great ratings, but maybe it's good.
user2: I rarely agree with those ratings, anyway.  
user1: Any idea what "the Moors" are?
user2: I know it's "good enough" to get a sequel 
user2: No I don't know 
user1: My daughter wanted to see it, but we never did. 
user2: apparently The Moors is a magical forest realm bordering a human kingdom 
user2: MAleficent is its protector 
user1: Oh, so Aurora is part of this story too. I could see Elle Fanning being a good Aurora.
user1: Oh, okay, that makes sense. 
user2: II'm intrigued.  I enjoy "dark fantasy" 
user1: Me too. You mentioned there might be a sequal?
user2: I believe so 
user1: Oh, wow, this is a very different ending. I like it. It's not all about the prince and the princess.
user2: So why does this Stefan fellow betray Maleficent?
user2: I am trying to understand his motivation 
user1: Maybe because she is becoming close to Aurora? Not getting it either.
user2: Seems like so much trouble could have been avoided if he had just acted normally 
user1: And he winds up dead because of it. Geez
user1: Nice chatting with you.

conversation:
user2: hello
user1: Hi
user2: what is the name of the movie we are going to talk about?
user1: It is the Disney movie Maleficent.
user2: Oh ok. I haven't seen it. Is this an old movie? Year?
user1: I liked this movie, it was a good retelling, but from the perspective of the villian.
user1: No, not too old, 2014.
user2: ok. what is the plot?
user1: It stars Angelina Jolie as Maleficent and Elle Fanning as Aurora.
user2: ok. what's going on in the movie?
user1: It's based somewhat on Charles Perrault's fairy tale Sleeping Beauty.
user2: oh i see
user1: Disney made an animated form in 1959.
user1: Maleficent is a fairy living on the outskirts of a human kingdom.
user2: sounds an interesting story..
user2: can this be watched by adults or it is mainly focusing on chikdren audience?
user1: Probably mostly adults.
user1: Maleficent falls in love with a young ambitious boy.
user1: He betrays her by cutting her wings off in order to marry the kings daughter.
user1: She gets angry and turns her kingdom into a dark gloomy environment.
user2: ok. does the movie has a lot of action?
user2: is this a story of love?
user1: Do you normally like superhero movies?
user1: Yes, lots of action and also a love story.
user2: i enjoy watching superhero movies from time to time but they are not my favorite genre
user2: are the actors good?
user1: Yes, Angelina Jolie plays the part well.
user2: do you know if this was a high budget movie?
user1: Sharlto Copley as Stefan was good. He played a convincing villian
user1: I'm not sure.
user1: Do you like movies related to fairy tales?
user2: oh ok. i am not a big fan of fairy tales movies, but if they have a deep meaning i could enjoy them. 
user2: ok we can now finish the conversation. thx
user1: This movie does have some deeper meaning. More than just the animated movie.
user2: ok good

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hello!!
user1: Do you agree with the rating for this movie?
user2: I don't, because watched it and I enjoyed it a lot
user2: I would have given it at least a 7.8
user2: And you?
user1: I agree with you. I think it deserves a higher rating
user1: Angelina Jolie was great
user2: Ok maybe the sleeping beauty cartoon was better but I think that Angelina did a great job
user1: Totally agree!
user1: What was you favorite scene?
user2: I actually watched it 3 years ago, so I don't really remember it. And yours?
user2: I liked mostly the action scenes 
user1: recreation of the christening scene from Sleeping Beauty
user1: I thought it was memorable
user1: Do you like this genre moies?
user2: Ohhh I remember!!! 
user1: movies I mean
user2: I do a lot, like in that period I watched also the Cinderella movie, I am a kid inside
user2: What about you?
user1: Yes, I like this genre also
user1: fairies are magical
user1: even for adults
user1: keeps us young
user2: Ahahah yes, it's true!
user2: What do you think about the actors? Did you like their performance?
user1: I thought that Elle Fanning as Aurora was also good
user1: although the plot is somewhat different from the original
user1: story
user2: Yes, I remember that the ending was quite strange and unconventional, but I liked it. It was sort of a modern tale
user1: very unusual
user1: Maleficent is an interesting character
user1: somewhat misunderstood
user1: you agree?
user2: Yes, with this movie they actually changed the point of view of the story
user2: And maleficent became a good character
user1: Yes, a transformation

conversation:
user2: hi
user2: like it?
user1: hello
user1: it was alright
user1: kinda log
user1: kinda long
user2: haven't watched it myself
user1: too many drugs
user1: It's interesting watch these people get scammed
user1: gullible people
user2: "Still, for all its limitations, "Maleficent" manages to be improbably entertaining to watch,due solely to its title character."
user2: hhehe
user2: who got scammed?
user1: oh shoot
user1: wrong movie
user1: my bad
user1: hang on
user2: haha
user1: I was thinking Wolf of Wall Street
user1: love Angelina Jolie
user2: i was wondering about where there were drugs in this movie
user2: lol
user1: maybe I was on them
user2: yah angelina jolie is good
user1: I remember this
user1: I don't think I hated it
user2: thats good
user1: Did you ever see the Jolie movie where where she's a superspy
user2: with brad pitt?
user1: and people can shoot bullets and make them curve?
user1: no, but that was a good one
user2: sounds like the matrix?
user1: no
user1: check her wikipedia videography
user1: worth a watch
user2: i dunno
user1: loved Mr and MRs. Smith thogh
user2: maleficient just seems like a strange concept
user2: but oh well why not
user1: yeah, like a jumble of ideas

conversation:
user1: Tell me about the movie
user2: Hello Good day
user2: The is Maleficent
user1: What is this movie about?
user2: I'll just read the document I did not see this movie..
user2: It was filmed 2014
user2: It was Dirested by Robert Stromberg
user1: Interesting!
user1: What is the genre of the movie?
user2: It was rated by Rotten Tomatoes for 51% and average 5.7 / 10
user2: Genre is Super Hero
user1: That's a pretty average rating, who are the actors in this movie?
user2: It was casted by Angelina Jolie as Maleficent
user1: I like her films, how about you?
user2: Sharilto Copley as Stefan
user2: Yeah yeah I like Angelina's movie too.. Tomb Raider was one of them
user2: also character was Elle Fanning as Aurora
user2: did you watched this movie before?
user1: I have not. Anything interesting you learned about it?
user2: Nothing yet sorry some of the content in the description not yet loding
user2: but I think Maleficent is a Super Hero and adventure movie
user1: What makes it a super hero movie?
user2: In the story Malefecent is a powerful fairy in the story
user1: Oh, interesting, what else?
user2: they were living in the magical forest separated by human kingdom
user1: Almost like a Lord of the Rings type fantasy movie
user2: In the movie Malefecent falling in love with a human which role by Stefan
user2: Yeah but it seems it much more relevant to the movie Frozen
user1: I liked Frozen, is there a lot of similarities with it?
user2: The screen play of this movie was very good
user2: according to the document yes some stereotype that were tweaked in Frozen movie
user1: Does the conflict begin with this relationship between the Maleficent and Stefan? Or is there some other conflict?
user2: Just their Love story you know a love between Human and Fairys are prohibited and the two lovers fighting for that love
user1: I see, who is Aurora?
user2: The Fairy's Demolished the humans house and place and they were just fight for their fredom
user2: Aurora is a human I think who was inlove with stefan in the movie
user2: The story is complicated ahaha
user2: are you regularly like adventure and love story movies?
user1: Fantasy movies typically are haha!

conversation:
user1: Hi, What do you think of this movie?
user1: I think Anjelina Jolie is perfect as Maleficent.
user2: I think the consensus seems to be that it's just all right
user2: I think Jolie is overrated 
user1: I think 51% from Rotten Tomatoes is too low. 
user2: Do you think it'll be better than the Disney Animated film
user1: I don't think Anjelina Jolie is the best actor, but she fits this role so well.
user1: I like the little twist in this story.
user2: 51% is a score that could mean it's good but just that it's love it or hate it 
user2: I agree That Joile fits the role
user2: I would probably watch this if it was on TV
user2: I wouldn't pay to see it
user1: I thought Elle Fanning was good cast for Aurora, too. She looked so innocent.
user2: Elle Fanning is a great actress 
user2: I think Sharlto Copley is also a good actor
user1: Maleficent was so cute as a young fairy. So sad how greed for power changed Stefen...
user2: Greed and power seem to be what the film is ultimately trying to teach as the moral
user1: Yes, he was good. He was the real villan in this movie in a way.
user2: The effects are probably great
user1: When maleficent woke up and found her wings gone...that was so sad.
user2: when Maleficent transforms into other beings
user1: Yet, she couldn't quite hate Aurora.
user1: She kind of felt protective of her.
user2: That made the movie even better
user2: The film was a dark fantasy, I was surprised by how dark it was
user1: I know, it showed dark human nature also innocence of a girl...
user2: It also shows what love can drive seemingly good people to do
user2: for example stefan locking her away for her own safety 
user1: But you know you cannot fight fate...
user2: That is very true, it almost seems each character is trying to fight fate
user2: but in the end, it was always as it was meant to be
user1: I loved the part Maleficent's wings fly back to her!
user2: That was redemption 
user1: Yes, and the kiss of true love was not that of the prince.
user1: Not like children's fairy tale, was it?
user2: When Aurora finds her wings it's amazing the way she flies
user2: No the fairy tale didn't have much redemption for Maleficent
user1: I really loved that part! I enjoyed chatting with you.
user2: I enjoyed chatting with you as well

conversation:
user1: Hello, the movie is Maleficent
user1: It has a cinemascore of an A. Have you seen it?
user1: It has Angelina Jolie as the main as Maleficent
user2: Hi I did see this movie it was excellent.
user1: So even though it just has a 5.7/10 you enjoyed it? 
user1: Do you generally watch movies based of ratings or don't care?
user2: Oh wow, that's low! I would rate it as a 8/10
user1: Yes, that was the Rotten Tomatoes score
user2: I don't generally care about ratings as I disagree with the ratings
user2: Did you see the movie?
user1: yes I did see it
user1: I enjoyed the conflict of relationships 
user2: I think it was neat that her daughter was in the movie with her
user2: Ah yes, the struggle between good and evil!
user1: The document compares the stereotypes to that of fozen, have you seen that movie? Do you understand what it means by that?
user2: I did see Frozen, I guess the struggle between by the characters to do the right thing.
user1: They put Maleficent in the superhero genre, I think thats odd, how about you? 
user2: I don't find that odd. Although she could be NOT nice, ultimately she protected Sleeping Beauty and she learned how to be kind.
user1: Yes, but she is the one that turned Moors into a dark kingdom in the first place. Does correcting that at the end make her a hero or? 
user1: Do you think maleficent slowly started to regret what she did, or right after seeing that the pixies were failing to take care of aurora? 
user2: I believe she did that to protect herself and her heart. Once she learned how to care and love changing the the Dark Kingdom into one of light was a natural progression.
user2: I think she started to regret her actions when she saw the love in Aurora's heart.
user1: Do you think Aurora took the right action when she found out about maleficents true identity? 
user1: Meaning running to her fathers castle
user1: What character pulled you into the story more maleficent or Aurora? What do you think others say about the same question?
user2: I think she was scared and did what she could to protect herself. Maleficent pulled me into the story. I think others would say Aurora.
user1: Others also say Maleficent.
user1: What did you think about the dark curse pulling aurora to prick her finger? Did you like the build up even though you knew it was going to happen/ 
user1: ?
user2: Not really that was kinda creepy. I wanted it to just be over with!
user1: Did you like phillip?
user1: Phillip 
user2: I forget Phillip, was he the young prince or the dad?
user1: Phil's kiss was one who failed to awaken Aurora. What did you think of Stefan's death at the end? 
user2: I don't like when characters are killed in kid's movies.
user1: I agree. Why do you think she didn't want to kill him, but he died anyway?
user2: I'm not sure. Maybe because then the ending of the story wouldn't have made sense?
user1: How did you feel when Aurora found her wings? 
user2: You mean Malificent's wings? I was thrilled and happy

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: Hi
user2: have you finished reading yet'
user1: Yes
user2: Was it a good movie
user1: Yes
user2: Do you know who stared in it?
user1: Angelina Jolie starred in it.
user2: Is it a recent release?
user1: It was released four years ago.
user2: What is it about
user2: Did this movie break up a marriage?
user1: It is about a fairy.
user1: Yes it does.
user2: Was she a bad "person" in the movie
user1: Not in my opinion.
user2: Ok I thought Mr. & Mrs Smith, then Maleficent .. but I think Im wrong
user2: tell me more about the movie
user1: It is a story of a fall and then redemption.
user2: that didnt help me LOL  any more information
user1: It is a story most people already know.
user2: is it a grim fairy tale?
user1: Yes
user2: anything else  I'm scraping my memory
user1: Am I supposed to make you guess?
user2: I dont know this is my first movie chat
user1: heheheh
user2: I was just thinking of questions
user1: Same here. 
user2: I didnt get to read the storyline
user1: Your second guess was right.
user2: Maleficent
user2: Yea Me!!!!
user2: lucky guess
user2: I havent seen this movie   
user2: Have you
user1: You should see it. 
user1: Yes, I have.
user2: I heard it was good but when it was in the theater I didnt have time to go and never think of it when I streaming movies
user2: I need to put it on my to watch list
user1: Rotten Tomatoes and Metacritic both say it is average, but CinemaScore gives it an A.
user2: I only trust reviews about 50% of the time'
user2: I prefer word of mouth reviews
user1: It is basically sleeping beauty as told by the 'evil' queen.
user2: Oh like Wicked the Play
user1: I think so, yes.
user2: Have you seen that?
user1: No
user2: Its really good ... its about the wicked witches life
user2: I didnt read the book but heard good and bad about it
user1: Angelina Jolie does an excellent job as Maleficent.
user2: I think movies from a different point of view are really good.
user1: I agree.
user2: I did like her makeup
user1: The whole look of the movie was striking and very memorable.
user2: Great  now I want to watch it more than when I saw the commercials. No grandkids this weekend I will be watching Maleficent 
user1: In the document it is listed as a superhero movie. In a way I agree, but it isn't like watching batman.
user1: I am glad to hear that. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
user2: I wouldn't think a fairy tale would be considered superhero either
user2: comic books I get 
user2: they are super heros
user2: how do we know when this is over
user1: Not sure.
user1: I was wondering the same thing.
user2: Hahaha  I guess I can come up with more questions
user2: Who played opposite Angelina
user1: Sharlto Copley.
user2: Is this the one where one of her kids had a role in it
user1: I'm not sure.
user1: I hope the trend of expanding upon classic fairy tales continues.
user2: I would too.  I'm getting tired of remakes of movies that came out before   Like Death Wish
user1: I agree.
user2: I know technology can improve some graphics but when you know the story that doesnt always make it better
user2: Oh should be click on finish conversation at the bottom. We have completed the requested 15 questions.
user1: I feel the same way. The story of Maleficent is familiar but they do so much to much to expamnd it.
user1: Sounds good to me.
user1: Have a nice night, and enjoy the movie.
user2: Ok  Nice chatting with you and for giving me something to watch this weekend

conversation:
user1: hello we are to talk about the movie malificent 
user1: what did you think about it 
user2: Okay. I thought that movie was very good. Its been a while since I last saw it though
user1: me too 
user1: I love angelina in this movie though 
user2: I believe Angelina Jolie played her
user2: Yeah the movie was better than what I thought
user1: and it reminded me of that show once upon a time where they took a story and changed what we thought of it 

conversation:
user2: Hello, how are you?
user1: I am good.  The movie I want to talk to you about today is Maleficent, have you seen it?
user2: I have never seen it but I think I remember the previews. Is it a Disney movie?
user1: It is a Disney movie.  It is loosely based off the 1959 animated film Sleeping Beauty and the original fairy tale written by Charles Perrault of the same name.  This movie however instead of being based off the protagonist Princess Aurora is about the antagonist, Maleficent.
user2: Oh, that's actually really interesting. Who stars in the movie?
user1: Angelina Jolie plays Maleficent.  It also stars Sharito Copley, Elle Fanning, Sam Riley and Imelda Staunton.
user2: Wow, that's a large cast. Is there a lot of action in the movie?
user1: It is classified as a superhero movie, so I think so, yes.
user2: Cool, did it receive good ratings?
user1: It did mediocre.  It received a 51% on Rotten Tomatoes and a Metacritic score of 56.  It Did considerably better on CinemaScore however.
user2: What did it receive on cinemascore?
user1: CinemaScore gave it an A!
user2: Oh wow. Yea Rotten Tomatoes can be kind of all over the place sometimes.
user2: Who was the director?
user1: It was directed by Robert Stromberg.
user2: Not sure that I've heard of him before. Did you have any favorite scenes in the movie?
user1: There is a scene when Maleficent is young and her past lover betrays her and cuts off her wings.  Then Maleficent finds a raven named Diaval to be her wings, spy, and confidant.  She even transforms Diaval into different forms as needed, including human.
user2: Wow, that sounds exciting. It sounds very interesting. 
user2: I bet the scenery was stunning
user1: Yes, it is a blend of CGI.  Lots of levitating cliffs and odd flora.  Still has all the depth of the old matte-painted backgrounds of the analog days.
user2: What score would you personally give it?
user1: I personally have not seen this movie.  But from the information I have I think that 5.7 sounds like a pretty accurate score.  I would like to see the imagery and Jolie's portrayal of one of my favorite villains.
user1: It reminds me of Wicked, with the way it makes you sympathize for the "bad guy".  I always liked that approach.
user2: Ah ok, yea I think I'd like to see it too, it really looked beautiful in the previews.
user2: Me too, I get bored of always looking at things from one perspective all the time.
user2: That's why I like Loki in Avengers and Thor.
user2: I like it when the bad guys have depth.
user1: This seems to focus a lot on how Maleficent gets scorned over and over by her past lover, someone I feel she felt was her one true love.  I think that's sad.  To have your trust betrayed like that.
user1: Fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me twice, shame on me.  I do start to feel bad for her when she keeps giving him another chance.
user2: Yea, I agree. Did you ever watch the television show, once upon a time?
user1: Matters of the heart and all.
user2: Yea I totally agree.
user2: Oh, we're done! It's been a pleasure talking with you about this movie, I think I'll check it out now when I have the chance.
user1: I have not seen that television show, but I'm under the impression it has a similar style?  I like almost all things Disney.
user2: Take Care!
user1: Good bye!

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: Good afternoon how are you
user2: Pretty good
user1: Have you watched any good movies lately?
user2:  Not a ton of new ones 
user2: How About you
user1: I haven't watched any movies lately, I've been so busy
user2: I feel you on that 
user2: It looks like I had one movie showing and now it’s changed to aNother movie  do you know which movie were supposed to be discussing 
user1: Whichever movie the document is about? That is currently showing
user2:  OK then I guess it’s monster university I haven’t seen it yet but it seems like it might be good kid movie 
user2:  Looks like it got a 79% on rotten tomatoes so did OK-ish 
user1: Oh I have not watched that, isn't that a Pixar movie?
user2:  It just changed what movie I was looking at again I’m so sorry I don’t know what’s going God 
user2: I now have maleficent
user1: That is weird? What one is itnow
user2: Maleficent Which I also haven’t seen but I think it’s a Disney movie 
user2: It got a 51% on rotten tomatoes which seems much worse
user1: Okay I think something is messed up.. it should only be be one movie the whole time.. I guess should we abort conversation?
user2: Oh I don’t know if you think so I can queue up again

conversation:
user2: hii
user1: Hello
user2: how are you ? have you seen malefic?
user1: I'm good. Yes, I have watched Maleficent.
user1: How about you?
user2: If I've seen it ... but I did not know that the genre of this movie was SuperHero
user1: Yes agree, I wonder why this movie has that type of genre. 
user1: I think it should be Fantasy instead of Superhero.
user2: Yes of course 
user2: and do you think about these criticisms? I really did not think they were so negative
user1: Its not negative at all. 51% is an average score.
user1: What can you say about the cast of this movie?
user2: yes, but I'm talking about the impact that the movie had, I expected something better from the criticism
user2: I think the cast is a perfect combination of experience with youth ... and you can see the excellent link that there was
user1: I think rating is not always important. Its all about the Screen Play and the Movie itself.
user2: That´s right
user1: What is your favorite part of the movie?
user2: I love when he gets Diaval to be his spy, his transformations are incredible
user1: Yeah I agree. My favorite part is when Maleficent gets back her wings and became more powerful fairy again.
user2: What do you think about the beginning of the movie? What scene did you call your attention?
user1: The beginning of the movie was really good. It showed that Maleficent is the most powerful fairy in the Moors.
user2: When Aurora finds herself a malefic, I thought something bad would happen to her,
user2: I always thought that Maleficent was going to be a very bad version
user1: I was thinking about that too. But Maleficent is good fairy before she gave curse to Aurora.
user1: She became bad when she get betrayed by Auroras father.
user1: What part of the movie that you did not expect?
user1: to happen?
user2: I thought that the Phillip kiss would be enough to break the curse, I liked that they changed that a little bit to that of the official version, since it was something completely unexpected
user1: Yeah, I did not expect that true love kiss will come from Maleficent.
user2: never, I think nobody would have imagined that, since we all grew up knowing that she was the bad
user2: and the transformation from Diaval to dragon was the maximum
user1: Diaval transformation from raven to human is awesome.
user2: in short, it is a movie to enjoy with the family

conversation:
user2: Hey, want to chat about a movie?
user1: Yep, we're going to be talking about Maleficent
user2: Have you seen it before? I really like Robert Stromberg's directing
user1: Yes, I did actually with my friends. I personally thought it was a pretty good story portraying Maleficent side
user2: I agree. I felt like Angeline Jolie did a wonderful job with that role!
user1: But the ratings were average. 51% and 5.7 out of 10
user2: I was thinking that too, surprising for as good of a movie as it was
user2: It did receive a cinemascore of A
user1: Which makes no sense haha. How are you going to give it half a rating but still get an A
user2: Exactly, there has to be some consistency, right? I think that the critical response says a a lot, while it isn't perfect, as it says, it still manages to be improbably entertaining to watch...
user1: But because of it's title character
user2: Yes, that is true.
user1: This is mean Angelina Jolie or Maleficent
user1: I believe it was just because of Angelina Jolie playing the part
user1: She saved the movie from being anything lower than the score that it was given
user2: It really is! That has a lot to do with it. 
user2: I wonder if it would have been more well received had it been less loosely based on the original Sleeping Beauty, and been a little more true to the original.
user2: Though, where it is supposed to depict the story from a new perspective, I suppose it can only be so true to the original...
user1: Yes, I agree. I also thought Maleficent was suppose to be a witch. The key note says that she's a fairy
user2: I agree with them though, that Maleficent absolutely wrecks the stereotypes that were merely adjusted in Frozen.
user2: Yes, that drove me crazy as well, that seems like too far of a stretch for me
user2: I found it interesting that even though she disliked aurora initially, she cared for her when the pixies couldn't
user1: I think it's because of her time with Stefan
user1: She understands humans. I think during the time she fell for Stefan changed her views
user2: True, stefan has a lot of influence on her...otherwise she wouldn't of turned the moors into a dark kingdom
user1: Reading the whole key note, it was because Stefan betrayed her by ripping off her wings. But despite that, she still has a soft heart for humans
user2: Yes, I just used that as a supporting reference to how her actions are influenced by Stefan, one way or the other. I agree
user2: I liked how maleficent apologized to Aurora, that made my heart warm
user1: What did they mean by demolishing stereotypes that were only tweaked in Frozen
user1: Where there any stereotypes
user1: I thought it was ridiculous that the wings are still "alive"
user1: and flew back to Maleficent
user2: Yes, that really drove me crazy...
user2: I felt like it also should have taken Maleficent a little more effort and time to beat Stefan
user1: well he is human in the end. he can't fly like she can
user1: She does know magic
user2: Yeah, I totally agree. Just the fact that she cannot bring herself to kill him in the end, you would think if would have taken more time for her to beat him with that hesitation and doubt
user1: I feel bad for her yet I do understand Stefan feelings too
user1: His father died but she was trying to protect Moor
user2: Same here. I felt like that was pretty sad. 
user1: This drove their love apart, although I wonder if Stefan would have even liked her back
user2: I feel like in the end, he wouldn't have, but I don't know. At the same time, he couldn't bring himself to drug her and kill her.
user1: "Stefan taunts Maleficent, who is dizzy and sick from the iron, his former love for her fully gone, but before he can deliver a final blow, Aurora finds her wings and releases them."
user1: I guess after many years pass since Aurora is what? 15?
user2: I think so
user1: Stefan just grew in hatred
user2: It's only natural...
user2: I feel like sharlto copely was one of the best picks for role with such duality
user1: Or he could have let it be bygones. Stefan is still family. He knew what his father actions were. To take over moor
user2: He really could have
user2: In the end, I suppose it was Malificents call, where  she was the one to finally let go.
user1: I think I see why it was given such a low score
user1: There's so many ridiculous things on that were too simple and rushed
user1: They should have at least show how Stefan came to his choices and hatred
user2: Yeah, I suppose when you really look at it up close, and analyze the details, it really isn't worthy of the A. I think the other scores it was given more accurately reflect the work that it really is. I felt like we should've seen Stefan evolve more.
user2: Yes, exactly, you said that last part better than I did
user1: Yeah. It really explains critics about how it was pretty much saved because of Maleficient. I think what made it different was because people usually expected a guy and girl to kiss for "true love"
user1: But what I think they did great at was showing how much love Maleficent had for Aurora that her kiss woke her up instead
user2: Yeah, there is a lot to be said for taking the road less traveled. 
user2: It is said how they started out so innocent, with an attraction, and ended like this. Part of me always wants that happy fairy tale ending lol
user1: Wait, is Aurora Stefan's daughter?
user2: I didn't get that impression. But now I'm curious
user1: Yes, she is. Well look at that. First it was Stefan, then it was Aurora
user2: Well I'll be...
user2: Isn't that something!
user1: "After a brief reunion with his daughter, Stefan locks her away in a room for her own safety"
user1: Wow Maleficent has her hands on this family
user2: Yup, I somehow missed that! That is crazy!
user2: I wonder how this all would have played out without Diaval.
user1: Well at least this time it would be different. Aurora pretty much grew up with Maleficent. Although Maleficent only watched from afar, and showed herself when Aurora was 15, I don't think she would have any revenge thoughts
user1: Yeah, I find it funny how convenient the raven was
user2: Yeah, that is true...I don't think so either. And yes, a little too convenient loll

conversation:
user1: HI WE ARE TALKING ABOUT A SUPER HERO MOVIE TODAY
user1: THE MOVIE IS MALEFICENT
user2: Hello, Yes it is Maleificent
user1: HAVE YOU SEEN IT?
user2: I'm pretty sure a while ago
user1: ROTTON TOMATOES GAVE IT 51 PERCENT 
user1: SCORE OF 56/100
user1: I DIDNT THINK IT WAS THAT BAD AT THE TIME
user1: IT STARS ANGELINA JOLIE
user2: Yeah for sure I could see why they were trying to beat frozen
user1: AS MALEFICANT 
user1: SHARITO COPLEY AS sTEFAN
user1: ELLE FANNING AS AURORA
user1: SAM RILEY AS DIAVAL
user2: This is timed not convo count just saying.... Would you watch it again?
user1: AND IMELDA STAUNTON AS KNOTGRASS
user1: YES DEF WOULD WATCH AGAIN I LIKE ANGELINA
user1: IT IS A 2014 DARK FANTASY
user2: True, do you think that this is suitable for children under 13
user1: I THINK IT IS OK FOR KIDS ITS A LITTLE FREAKY
user2: There is levitating rocks? I don't remember that
user2: Do you think the CGI was done well?
user1: NO I DONT REMEMBER THAT AT ALL
user1: I THINK SO 
user1: IT IS ENTERTAINING TO WATCH
user1: THERE ARE LEVITATING CLIFFS AND ODD FLORA
user1: IT COMES TO CLOSE TO THE ORIGINAL CARTOON IN A WAY
user2: Hmmm, cool any weird creatures in this?
user1: MALEFICENT IS A POWERFIL FAIRY LIVING IN MOORS
user2: Oh wow do you remember when the orginiall one came out?
user1: ITS A MAGICAL FOREST REALM
user1: NOPE
user2: What would you say this move relates to?
user1: THE DIRECTOR IS ROBERT STROMBERG I DONT REMEMBER HIM?
user2: What would you say would be other movies like this one?
user1: CINEMA SCORE WAS AN A ODD BECAUSE THE OTHER SCORE WAS SO LOW
user2: Yes I do.
user2: Yeah it got an A
user1: ANGELINA JOLIE REALLY PLAYS THIS PART WELL VERY CREEPY
user2: Because in general i don't think everyone would like this movie
user1: NO I DONT THINK ITS FOR EVERYONE EITHER
user2: You have to like mysterious things
user1: DEVASTAED BY STEFANS BETRAYAL ,MALEFICANT TURNS THE MORROS INTO A DARK KINGDOWM 
user1: MOORS
user1: SO IT BECOMES STRANGE
user1: SHE HAS A RAVEN NAMED DIAVAL I DONT REMEBER HIM EITHER THIS WAS AWHILE AGO
user1: SHE GOES FROM PERSON TO HUMAN THAT PART IS ODD
user1: THAT
user1: WALT DISNEYS 1959 ANIMATED SLEEPING BEAUTY IS WHAT IT IS BASED ON

conversation:
user1: Hello! Have you seen this movie?
user1: Did you know that this movie was inspired by Sleeping Beauty?
user2: No not yet. I do like the actors that are portrayed in this movie though.
user1: I like the actors too. I think Angelina Jolie especially adds a lot to every movie that she is in. 
user2: For sure. But I get torn between reality and fantasy on these type of movies. I like the concept of it but still I balk at actually going to the movie itself.
user1: I can understand that. Going along with the genre, I'm not sure if the calling it a "SuperHero" movie along with later describing it as a "dark fantasy" really go together. I feel like "dark fantasy" (or just fantasy) is not necessarily the same as a super hero movie
user2: I put a lot of emphasis just on the title of the movie. Maleficient just doesn't click with me in that respect.
user1: The title does seem a little lackluster, perhaps.
user2: Well it just seems like the dark side of life and that's not what I am about. I like upbeat, realistic type of movies.
user1: If this movie was more upbeat but still rather unrealistic, do you think you'd have a better response to it?
user2: Probably, but with the feedback from you and what I've read I probably would venture to see it just based on the characters as well.
user1: The first key scene does sound pretty dark, but at least it provides a lot of background as to why the movie becomes dark. 
user2: When I am in the mood I do like to envision how life would have been like in the days of kingdoms and such. Do you believe that life could have happened that way with the Moors civilization?
user1: I think that real life could have been similar in a lot of ways, without the fairies and such, of course. Do you think that Maleficent still loved Stefan despite his betrayal?
user2: Probably not because forced love never works. Now this plot is beginning to form and I want to know more about it. Especially when the human transformation starts to happen.
user1: I agree! I hope that she ended up not loving him, because he sounds terrible. I would also like to see this movie!
user2: Having this cast of characters could probably make any movie palatable for me in any case. I wonder of the director, Robert Stromberg, had made any other type of movies within this genre?
user1: I'm sure that he does. Do you think that he decided to direct this movie with this particular cast in mind? 
user2: I think it takes a strong cast of characters to pull off the drama that is required within the plot of this movie. Especially when Aurora learns of her past and goes back home. I wonder what the reception would be like?
user1: I agree. I am a little confused about the second key scene. What curse is it talking about when it says "Maleficent tries desperately to undo the curse?" Also, why is Aurora so very upset when she finds out about Maleficent's past? Truthfully, it doesn't seem like Maleficent did anything bad. 
user1: Considering the circumstances, that is.
user2: this is a bit confusing for me as well. But probably not as much as when watching the movie. I wonder what the reception would be like from her father?
user1: I hope that the movie is a bit clearer than the description! I'm sure that Aurora's father probably became very angry and would try to kill Maleficent.
user2: That's the thing with reading reviews. They can't reveal everything lest they spoil the ending but I think people like to see the reactions of the actors when in situations that they can envision themselves in. I wonder how painful it would be when the wings are seared off?
user1: I can't even imagine how painful that would be (especially because I don't have wings, ha). I didn't realize that Stefan was Aurora's father. Perhaps I just didn't put that together. I think that Aurora should be mad with him and not with Maleficent. How do you think she releases her wings? A magic spell, perhaps?
user2: Looks like the kiss to the forehead did the trick on awaking her. Then carrying her on the wings must have been some sight to see. Funny to see how people that are initially considered "bad" now seem to be protectors or at the very least friends.
user1: From the description, I think that I would really enjoy this updated take on Sleeping Beauty. Are you happy that Stefan was killed in the end?
user2: To live happily ever after is the scenario here? I would take that aspect of the story as symbolism. Getting away from the bad vibes, bad people of the world so that ones world is content and prosperous. Yeah, probably glad that he's out of her life.
user1: I enjoy that the plot shows an alternative route to the "happily ever after" ending that you describe. Do you think that this movie's ratings are accurate?
user2: I think after discussing this movie that I would probably give a higher percentage than 51%. I think getting over the fantasy part of the movie would raise the percentage considerably. 
user1: I agree with you there. I think that we can finish the conversation now, but I've enjoyed speaking with you. Have a great day!
user2: So now do we just click on finish conversation to get our completion code?

conversation:
user1: Hey, how's it going?
user2: hELLO
user2: Have you watched Maleficent?
user1: No, I have not, actually. 
user1: What type of movie is it?
user2: It is a fantasy movie.
user2: It is really interesting movie.
user1: Nice, I like fantasy films. Any famous actors/actresses?
user2: The lead role for this movie is Angelina Jolie.
user2: Nice to know that you like fantasy movies.
user1: Oh nice, she's quite good, I haven't seen her recently. 
user1: So what's the film about?
user2: You can ask me anything you wanna know about this movie.
user1: What's the plot?
user2: This is about a a powerful fairy living in the forest that seek revenge.
user2: because he was cheated by a man because of his ambition.
user2: Maleficent used the daughter of the king for her revenge.
user2: By the way, the King was the one who cheated her.
user1: Seems quite interesting. Is it a drama fantasty, then?
user1: Or is it suitable for kids?
user2: Maleficent cursed the daughter of the king and the kiss of true love can only remove the curse.
user2: Yeah it is really a good movie.
user2: Very suitable for children.
user1: Okay, great, that would be good for me then. Any favorite scenes you enjoyed or takeaways?
user2: What else would you like to know about this movie?
user1: Like I said, do you have any favorite scenes or moments from the film?
user2: My favorite part is when maleficent kiss Aurora...She did not know that her kiss will remove the curse.
user2: What else would you like to know.
user1: Oh, so a little surprise, I like that. How was the film rated? Did it get good reviews?
user2: Actually I was surprised that it only get 51% in rotten tomatoes.
user1: Wow, that's disappointing, huh? Wonder why that is. 
user2: it was a very low rated film.
user2: Ask me anything about the movie.
user1: Darn, well it sounded good, but that's disappointing. Maybe the ending was bad or something. Can you tell me about the ending?
user2: Maleficent killed the King and Aurora became the new Queen of the Forest.
user2: Maleficent became a good fairy again.
user1: Hmm, seems cliche, maybe that's why the poor reviews. Well, thanks for helping me. I may check out the movie, but probably not. 
user1: Thanks again.
user1: See ya!
user2: thanks too

conversation:
user2: So we both saw Maleficent.  What did you think about it?
user1: It was charming but a bit bland. Angelina looked amazing as Maleficent. Did you like it?
user2: I thought it was entertaining.  Did you like Elle Fanning as Aurora?
user1: I did. I usually don't watch movies with a 50% rating but it was generally entertaining. Do you normally enjoy fantasy films?
user2: I do, and I enjoyed this one.  I thought it was cool how they told the story from Maleficent's perspective.
user1: It really was an interesting spin on Sleeping Beauty. It really brought life and depth to Maleficent as a character. Do you agree with the critic ratings?
user2: No, I think it should have been rated higher.  It was an interesting story with cool visuals.
user2: But CinemaScore gave it an A, and I agree with that.
user1: The scenery was very colorful and whimsical which I enjoyed. I do think the movie deserves at least 70%.
user2: Robert Stromberg did a great job directing, right?
user2: He really made it something new and exciting.
user1: He did. Walt Disney's Sleeping Beauty is tried and true but I liked how unique Maleficent was.
user2: Me too.  It's interesting how Maleficent was in love with a human, initially.
user1: Unsurprisingly, he betrays her for his own gain. What did you think of Stefan when he decided not to kill her?
user2: I think it was sad, because he may as well have killed her when he cut off her wings.  He used iron, which he knew would hurt her.  He is no better than if he killed her.
user1: Yeah, his character annoyed me. I really liked Dival though. His shape-shifting was pretty cool. 
user2: Definitely.  I'm glad Maleficent got a companion.
user2: What I don't get though, is if she has the power to transform humans and animals into different forms, why didn't she transform herself back into a winged fairy?
user1: I guess it's the iron and magical fairytale mumbo jumbo.
user2: Hmm maybe.  That's funny that Aurora thinks Maleficent is her fairy godmother when she's actually trying to kill her.
user1: It's cute that Maleficent took care of Aurora and watched over her, though with initial reluctance.
user2: True.  She wanted to remove the curse but couldn't.
user1: Yep, she needs a true love's kiss. The fairies were pretty incompetent but that definitely drove some major plot points since Maleficent probably wouldn't have started caring for Aurora if they weren't neglectful.
user2: True, I'm glad she found out the truth about her dad though.
user1: Yep. Aurora's encounter with Prince Philip was cute. I guess it's not a fairytale with no hetero-romantic subplot.
user2:  I like that they kept the spinning wheel in the curse.
user1: Yep it was a nice touch. I like that the movie's main focus was on maternal love instead of romantic love.
user2: Me too.  It was a cute twist.  I'm glad she killed Stefan too.  He was the worst.
user1: Exactly. 'Not being able to bring themselves to kill the other' had negative consequences for Stefan and almost did for Maleficent too.
user2: I'm glad Aurora felt the same way about Maleficent though
user1: The forehead kiss was so precious. It seemed fitting that Aurora finds Maleficent's wings.
user2: Definitely.
user1: I thought I had to send 5 messages.

conversation:
user1: hello, What is the name of the movie?
user2: Hi, the movie we are talking about today is Maleficent.
user2: Have you seen it?
user1: Maleficent...oh ok...is that a disney movie ?
user1: i have not seen it, but am thinking about whether i will see it or not 
user2: It is based off of the 1959 Disney film Sleeping Beauty
user1: Did you like the movie ? 
user1: Would you recommend it ?
user2: Yes, it manages to be improbably entertaining to watch due solely to the title character
user1: Who plays the title character?
user2: Angelina Jolie plays the title character. Do you like movies she is in?
user1: Oh yes, i do like movies that she is in. And i imagine she would make a great Maleficent too
user2: It got a CinemaScore of A
user1: i am interested in watching the movie. What would you rate it ?
user2: I would agree with Rotten Tomatoes and give it a 51%
user2: Do you usually watch superhero movies?
user1: Is it a very long movie, i dont usually like movies that are very long and drawn out 
user1: Yes i have watched many superhero movies
user2: I am not sure how long the movie is but it didn't seem to feel like is dragged on
user1: it sounds like it is a good movie then 
user2: Elle Fanning is also in this movie 
user2: Do you like movies she is in?
user1: Does she play Sleeping Beauty?
user1: i cant think of any other movies that she was in right now. 
user2: Yes, she plays Aurora. Maleficent does not like her in the beginning but grows to care for her.
user2: Do you like fantasy films?
user1: yes i do like fantasy films 
user2: Then you will probably like the movie. It also destroys stereotypes that were only tweaked in Frozen
user1: oh that sounds cool 
user1: i do like the story of sleeping beauty also 

conversation:
user1: Hello! hope week is going well for you.
user2: Yes!  How about for you?
user1: pretty darn good :)
user2: Awesome!
user1: So I hear you just watched a movie!
user2: Yes and you have got to see it!  Angelina Jolie rocks in Maleficent!
user1: Oh I haven't heard of that before, I do like Angelina as an actress too!
user1: Can you tell me a bit about it
user2: Yes, she's great in this.  It's a fairly new movie.
user2: It's sort of a dark take-off of Sleeping Beauty.
user1: Would you say its fiction then?
user2: Most definitely.  It starts out with Maleficent as a fairy in a magical forest in love with a peasant boy named Sttefan.
user2: Stefan.
user1: sounds nice, like a love story, lol something must go wrong.... 
user2: They grow apart and Jolie becomes protector of the Moors, who King Henry is about to conquer.  She mortally wounds him and saves the Moors.  Henry swears that whoever kills her will inherit his kingdom and marry his beautiful young daughter.
user2: Are you with me?
user1: yes I am
user1: I'm enjoying the story, so essentially this king put a bounty on her head?
user2: Okay.  Stefan goes to find Maleficent but can't bring himself to kill her, so cuts off her wings and takes them to the King.
user1: her wings, is she a fairy or something?
user2: She is devastated by Stefan's betrayal, so she turns the Moors into a dark version of a kingdom.
user2: Yes, she is - or I should say was - because her wings had her power.
user2: So she finds a raven to serve as wings.
user1: oh dear. so far very enjoyable though, sounds intriguing. 
user2: So then a young girl named Aurora is taken in by Maleficent.
user2: She doesn't know of Maleficent's evil past though.
user1: naive. was she homeless? 
user2: No, pixies were doing a poor job of caring for her was why Maleficent took her in.  So then there is a curse put on Maleficent.
user1: ok, and the pixies are with the king correct? 
user2: Well soon she is back with the king herself, because when she finds out about Maleficent's evil past she flees back to him.
user1: was she really that evil?? what did she do?
user2: Then there is some high drama, including a battle with Stefan, and Aurora being pricked and falling into a deep sleep.  Yes, she was very vicious.
user2: She turned the Moors into a dark version of theirselves.
user1: oh okay. its a lot to follow without seeing it 
user2: I don't want to ruin the ending, but part of it includes Aurora waking and finding Maleficent's severed wings and letting them fly back to her.
user1: Thank you! :)
user2: So there is a major battle at the end but I won't tell you if Maleficent or Stefan die.
user2: You're welcome.  It's been good chatting with you!
user1: you too! :)
user2: Bye.

conversation:
user2: Hello.  How are you today?
user1: I'm good thanks
user2: Do you like fairy tales?
user1: They are okay, so sometimes I do.
user2: Do you know the story of Sleeping Beauty?
user1: Yes, I think I saw that one before.
user1: Perhaps you could refresh my memory about it.
user2: Well it is about a princess whose step mother gave her an apple to kill her.  Instead she falls asleep and a prince comes to her rescue.
user2: The movie "Maleficent" is based upon that story.
user1: Oh yes, that's the one.
user1: Oh I see that's the modern one with Angelina Jolie right?
user2: Yes, it is.  Have you seen it before?
user1: No I didn't see that one.
user2: But what you said is correct.  Angelina Jolie was in it.   It did not get such a good score with the critics though.
user1: Well that's too bad, though I don't usually care what the critics think.
user2: It is true. I do not know who pick these people to judge which movie is good and which isn't
user1: Yeah!  Often critically panned movies are box office blockbusters.
user1: So Maleficent is from Maleficent's point of view rather than the princesses' from what I gather.
user2: But Maleficent was very popular, especially with little girls
user2: Yes, it is from her perspective.
user1: Wow, I never would've known.
user2: Sleeping Beauty has been remade so many times, so I guess they were trying to be original
user1: Yes I guess that's what it is.  
user1: It's by Walt Disney Studios, am I correct?
user2: Yes, it is
user2: She does not seem to be as bad as the wicked witch
user1: What is the rating?
user2: I guess it is easy to sympathize with someone when you see things from their point of view
user1: Yes, it has more moral gray areas in comparison to the original probably.
user2: I believe P&G
user1: Okay, thanks!  
user2: ratings, because there was a lot of little girls watching it.  That surprised me. 

conversation:
user2: Hello, happy Friday!
user1: Hello there!
user2: Have you seen this movie?
user1: What's the name of the movie?
user2: Maleficent
user2: with Angelina Jolie'
user1: No, I've heard of it but never watched it
user1: What's it about?
user2: it came in 2014 but I never got to see it
user2: fairy tale-it's base don Disney's sleeping beauty
user1: oh okay, interesting
user1: how close is it to Sleeping Beauty? 
user2: I'm not sure, I think this is more like an adult movie type pf fantasy, sort of like that Huntsman movie (if you ever saw it)
user1: I imagine its a lot like Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory vs Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
user2: it's definitely dark
user1: ohhhhh gotcha
user1: I like dark movies lol
user1: What about the movie makes it dark?
user2: I think she is very evil, greedy and wishes to destroy her pure and innocent step daughter
user2: she also falls in love with someone who betrays her and that makes her very bitter...
user1: Hmmmmm, and you said its based on Beauty and the Beast?
user2: no, sleeping beauty
user1: D'oh
user2: Aurora' that got her finger pricked and fell asleep
user1: It's that beauty word lol
user2: yes, :-)
user2: lol!
user1: Ahh gotcha okay, sorry, just woke up not too long ago, apparently still rubbing the sleep out of my eyes lol
user1: now im a bit less confused haha
user2: understandable-it's been a long week and it's Friday and we're Turking:-)!
user1: true that! :D
user2: but this task is far more pleasant than filling bubbles!:-)
user1: god yes it is
user1: lol
user1: so, who all is in the cast of the movie? you said angelina jolie, right? any other notable names?
user2: Dakota Fanning as Aurora
user2: I'm not sure about the rest
user2: sounds good though, I do want to see it some day
user1: right on lol well looks like we're done here, have a wonderful day, was nice chatting with you :)
user2: It looks like we are done here-thanks for chatting with me and have a good day
user2: Thanks!:-)

conversation:
user1: Hi did you know Engelina Jolie is not the tomb raider. I have the script for Maleficent
user2: I did not know that. I have that script also. This movies seems to have gotten low score ratings.
user1: Yes but who cares you are only supposed to know about the movie to decide from my script if you'd like to watch it or not
user1: Buster Keaton is not in this movie either
user1: What else has Robert Stromberg directed before? I would like to know
user2: We are supposed to discuss this movie based on the information we both have. I am not sure about what other movies he has directed, though.
user1: No idea if you just want to fuck with me
user1: but uh yeah it's loosely based around sleeping beauty, asswipe
user2: Yes, I found that interesting as well. 
user1: You have scored 5.7/10 on rotten tomatoes
user1: have a good fucking day
user2: Wow! That is so kind of you, I hope you have a wonderful day as well! Do you generally like movies of this genera.
user1: Anways Angelina plays Maleficent
user1: if you touch that fucking button one more time
user1: No, I would like to know the director
user2: The director is Robert Stromberg
user1: I am trying to write art
user1: This "totally bogus" script is comparing it to "frozen"
user1: The "opera of our times"
user1: Do you want to fucking watch this movie, dumbass?
user1: Can I fucking drink my grape juice in the mother fucking hood in peace!
user2: Yes, I think this would be a good movie to watch. Would you want to watch it?
user1: If you fucking tell me about the god damn director
user1: maybe I would be so inclined
user2: The only thing that I am seeing is that the director is Robert Stromberg. Do you know any other films he has directed?
user1: I said if you fucking push my button again
user1: I'm going to sit here and take it
user1: Do you fucking understand
user2: I am not sure what button you are referring to, but I think it was an interesting choice for them to choose to portray the backstory of Maleficent.
user1: Do you know what else I could be spending my time doing besides being a rip off of some 90s psycho thriller
user1: if you don't shut the fuck up
user1: god damn!
user1: OKAY so MALEFICENT is about Angelina Jolie
user1: and her toe curling attempt to make Disney on ice into a BDSM parade
user1: for every five year old
user1: is there anything else you want to know
user2: If you could refrain from using that language, it would be greatly appreciated. Also, yes Angelina Jolie plays Maleficent. I like Elle Fanning as an actress so I am sure she is a good in this movie.
user1: I don't want to walk in circled dick wad
user1: Pamela Anderson looked HORRIBLE
user1: what have you done to my beauties
user1: you sit there with your bic mac
user2: I'm not sure who Pamela Anderson is... Does she play in this movie?
user1: No she doesn't even play a supporting role 
user1: I have to listen to Senior Dickwad and his request to hear the plot or something
user1: because he isn't writing shit either
user2: Oh okay, do you like any of the actors in this movie?
user1: I'm on page three and you suck
user1: No I want to focus on the director
user2: Okay, so what would you like to discuss about the director?
user1: That
user1: That is just what I want to know
user1: now if you will stop going to quickie mart
user1: and saying it's me
user1: with that crazy button you push
user1: we can talk about the other actors
user1: So, Ellie Fanning as Aurora...
user2: Okay. I like Elle Fanning but the others I have never heard of.
user2: Do you like Elle Fanning?
user1: Maleficent doesn't care for her
user1: There's a huge battle in part one

conversation:
user1: Hello.
user2: Hey there, how are you?
user1: I'm doing great myself you?
user2: Haha, same same. So lets talk about Maleficent, what are your thoughts?
user1: Good to know. The movie to me is very interesting, it just tackles the whole fairy tale story telling in a different method.
user2: I can't disagree on that, I really feel like this movie separates itself from the common fairy tales.
user1: Yeah, very true, it may be a weakness for other people but to me, it makes me feel like this movie is significantly different and separates itself from the others.
user2: Right. Although different, I will say that Angelina Jolie played the part of Maleficent really well.
user1: Definitely so, I just feel like she is the one that really carries the whole movie to be a good one.
user2: I will agree on that, she is also so graceful yet menacing for the part which is perfect.
user1: I guess the make up also helped because she looked very you know, villianish. haha.
user2: Lol yeah, but I think it looked great but youre right.
user1: Right, I feel like the whole narrative to the movie is a bit decent but the execution felt flat to me, it became generic.
user2: Hmm. You think so?
user1: I just feel like all the actors were great but they could have done a better job portraying significant scenes.
user2: Ohh yeah, I am having a bit of trouble remembering any scenes actually, but that is right, actors were great.
user1: Lol, I remember this movie being dark, theme wise, most of the parts that I can remember are so dark like it happened in the night.
user2: Gloomy right, I think they did that on purpose to set the mood for the feelings for Maleficent.
user1: Hmm, I agree.
user2: I can't believe the low rating for the movie still, it should deserve at least 70 percent right?
user1: Maybe a 6/10, like I said, I enjoyed the movie, but some scenes are not that popping out or significant that it falls flat.
user2: Yeah, the actor who plays Stefan is a good actor by the way.
user1: Right?
user1: I remember him being in other movies.
user2: Other few good movies right.
user1: The biggest takeaway from this movie is how Angelina Jolie really tends to carry subpar movies to be watchable, lol.
user2: Very correct, she is such a great actress.
user1: And if I can remember she feels like she is really a very flexible actress for that matter.
user2: Haha, true, she is one of a kind.
user1: Her and the actor who played Stefan, Shartlo Copley.
user2: Haha, yes.
user1: Thank you for your time, you have a good day!
user2: Thank you, same to you.

conversation:
user2: Hi!
user1: I understand you haven't seen Maleficent?
user2: I haven't! But I'm interested in it. What's it about?
user1: Its a backstory about Sleeping beauty.  In the original story Maleficent was evil.  This shows her in a different way.
user2: So it's from her point of view?
user1: Yes, can in the story the Prince was bad, he had befriended Maleficent who was a unique fairy creature so she trusted him, then he turned on her and broke her heart.
user2: That's sad! So a broken heart is why she goes evil?
user1: She  actually wasn't the evil one in this movie when Prince Stefan became king he was an ambitious man and besides breaker her heart he also cut off Malifients wings.  That is why Maleficent cursed his newborn daughter (Aurora)
user2: That makes much more sense. Its a live action movie, right?
user1: In the movie Maleficent actually ended up loving Aurora because Malicifient was actually kind.
user2: Cool
user1: Angelina Joli made a wonderful Malicifient
user2: Its with actual people instead of animated right
user1: Yes it real people, I loved the movie because it was different than the same old
user2: It sounds good. Does it show aurora as she grows?
user1: Yes, it shows Aurora as a baby and as she grows.  Malifient actually is watching out for Aurora as she is growing 
user2: Do they form a good relationship
user2: ?
user1: Yes because in the end Malicifient saves Aurora because King Stefan was really evil and greedy.
user1: It is well worth watching, of course I watched it with my grandkids and they loved it.
user2: was the king going to hurt aurora?
user1: I can't remember exactly what it was now I have to watch it again.  Saw it a few years ago.  I 
user2: That sounds interesting.
user2: how awful to hurt your own daughter though
user1: I'm not sure what he did but even in the end Malifient realize that aurora was holding the key to peace in the kingdom 
user2: So she really just wanted peace all along
user1: Yes it was King Stefan that turned her into a vengeful person but Maleficent was actually kind
user1: How long are we suppose to talk about this lol
user2: Does Maleficent defeat or overthrow king stefan?
user1: Goodby it was nice talking to you

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hi have you watched the movie maleficent?
user1: Yes but it was a few years ago. 
user2: yea i watched it when it came out in 2014
user1: I know Angelina Jolie and Elle Fanning are in it
user2: i really liked how it told the story of sleeping beauty from the perspective of maleficent
user1: Yeah it was different. Who directed it?
user2: robert sterling. i cant believe it got such low ratings though
user1: Eh, I wasn't too crazy about it either. What did Rotten Tomatoes and other online reviewers give it?
user2: 51% on rotten tomatoes, 56/100 metacritic, cinemascore gave it an A though
user1: Interesting. What genre is it classified as?
user2: oddly enough it is classified as a superhero movie
user1: That's very strange, haha. What was your favorite part about the movie?
user2: my favorite part was when the guy was supposed to kill maleficent but instead decided to just cut off her wings
user2: how about you?
user1: Yeah that was pretty messed up. 
user2: it was pretty interesting that they had maleficent be auroras fairy godmother
user1: Yeah it was. I thought it was interesting that she is the one who actually got sleeping beauty out of her curse.
user2: yea i guess i am biased because i am a disney buff but i did really enjoy the movie. i also liked how aurora wanted to help maleficent.
user1: Yes I am too. What other critical reviews did it get?
user2: it got some criticism for having bland backgrounds and only being entertaining due to angelina's portrayal as maleficent
user1: Whoever did the costume design and her makeup did a great job though. If nothing else it's a unique retelling of a story.
user2: yes especially the crazy twist at the end. i couldn't believe it was maleficent's kiss that broke the spell and not prince phillip!
user1: Yes that was for sure interesting. 
user2: and then the charming prince actually becomes the bad guy! it was like an emotional roller coaster 
user1: Yeah that was twist. What were some other key scenes?
user2: well, when prince phillip was about to kill maleficent, aurora found maleficent's wings and released them. maleficent got her wings back but she couldn't bring herself to kill phillip. he then attacked her from behind and they both fell from the tower. i thought they were both going to die but maleficent was able to get away
user1: I was glad she got her wings back, she was so devastated when they were cut off

conversation:
user2: hI
user2: Hi
user2: I have one great movie to recommend 
user1: HELLO
user2: Do you like movie with Angelina Jolie
user1: I'm a big fan for sure
user2: Did you watch Maleficent 
user1: never have
user1: I heard mixed reviews on it, looks like the rotten tomatoes score is low, kind of surprising
user2: It is a dark fantasy movie directed by Robert Stromberg and lead play is by Angelina as Maleficent 
user2: r.t rated 51% but the movie is great
user1: Wait this was the sleeping beauty film
user1: right?
user2: no but it is about love and magic
user2: and a lot of darkness
user1: oh ok.  I see it has a King Henry and the Moors element,
user2: Maleficient was betrayed and she turn whole kingdom in to darkness
user2: etc..
user1: Probably a lot of magical things too
user2: The movie have very good production ,one of the best photography in 2014
user2: Effects were stunning
user1: cool.  I can imagine.  Sounds like it would be a good visual
user2: amazing costumes 
user2: Angelina have scary one 
user1: oh yeah.  how was the Aurora character
user2: Aurora was played by Elle Fanning and she did amazing job,a lot of good drama moments
user1: She's a good actress as well
user2: And Sharito Coplay as Stefan 
user1: oh ok
user2: good acting here too
user1: there was a plot to kill Maleficent
user2: Yes but not just like in the other movies ,she demolishes stereotypes 
user2: It is poetic in some way
user1: that makes for  good angle for sure
user2: bye

conversation:
user2: Hello.
user2: Have you seen the movie Maleficent?
user1: Hi
user1: Yes
user1: It was alright, nice effects
user2: I loved the movie!
user2: Especially Angelina
user1: She is a good actress
user2: I'm surprised by the ratings, 51% rotten tomatoes and 5.7/10
user1: Pretty bad ratings, should be higher
user2: Yeah, maybe because it was too much for kids with the violence etc.
user1: The critical responses aren't that much good either
user1: Could be its called a dark fantasy after all
user2: I like the concept though, and how they brought sleeping beauty and Maleficent into it.
user2: A lot of people don't realize who they are and why it played out the way it did.
user2: Right.
user1: Yep, it demolished a lot of stereotypes says one critical response
user2: What's the stereotype?
user2: Probably has to do with women
user1: Malificent plays a very strong character 
user2: How she went from not caring to actually loving sleeping beauty
user2: I agree.
user2: Probably the strongest I've ever seen and the fact that Angelina is the same in a sense.
user1: Yes
user2: They did a good job on casting
user1: Stefan betrays Malificent, and wants to kill her pretty bad
user1: she loved him
user1: good casting I agree
user2: And she was strong and independent and didn't let that happen!
user2: I'm glad they proved to people especially women that you can leave the person you love if they treat you badly. If that makes sense.
user1: Yes, after the betrayal she was very strong and was able to still love
user1: And take care of Aurora
user2: Everyone should be like that.
user1: Stefan ambushed both Malifcent and his daughter how horrible 
user1: yep
user1: And she loses her wings
user2: I think I'm going to watch it again later on tonight just because it's such a good movie.
user1: Yeah, thanks for chatting
user2: I know that scene was so heart wrenching.
user1: have a  good day
user2: you too

conversation:
user1: It seems like this is one of those movies that was lost in everyones memory not long after it came out
user1: hello?
user2: yes im here 
user2: Yeah, I wasn't too terribly impressed with it .
user2: Ive never really been into dark fantasy films which is what this one was considered. 
user2: However I do like Angelina Jolie as an actor though.

conversation:
user2: Hi
user1: hello !
user1: do You like fantasy movies ?
user2: Yes, have you seen Maleficient?
user1: ahh, long time ago... I barely remember it...
user2: What do you remember?
user1: I remember the special effects created a very colorful world - really enjoyed that !
user2: Remember the plot?
user1: pretty much... Angelina was some kind of fairy that wanted revenge and she meets the child she put the curse on and they both get along just fine... am I right ?
user1: I'm not a fan of Angelina Jolie but she was ok as Maleficent 
user2: Yeah, pretty much
user1: I remember is to be a little dark... dark fantasy. Not sure if there was happy ending...
user1: *it
user2: It was rather dark for a Disney movie, yeah.
user1: Some compare that plot to "Frozen"  not sure why... the curse is pretty popular concept...
user2: It has similar plot points, I agree
user1: what did You like about the movie ?
user2: I liked Elle Fanning in this, do you agree?
user1: As Aurora right ? Yeah she was kind of cute and innocent ;)
user2: I also liked the special effects
user1: yes, they did really good job with that... but You know - it's Disney ;) 
user2: They were pretty cool.
user1: The world they created was very "fairy tale" like... beautiful odd flora... plenty of cliffs.  really good job building the "mood" of the story ;)
user2: Yeah, what else did you like about the movie?
user1: How they showed a character like Maleficent - a fairy that should be all happy and all,  living on exile in some dark moors in the middle of magical forest.
user2: Yeah, it was a nice twist on the classic tale.
user1: How in the beginning Maleficent didn't like Aurora but after a while she started t treat her not only as a trusted friend but more like a daughter of her own... 
user1: there was something about true love's first kiss in it right ?
user2: Yeah, what was it?
user1: ...but it was Maleficent who was kissing and that's how we knew she loved Aurora like her daughter...
user1: maybe that's the connection to frozen... there was something very similar there too... i think...
user2: Yes, I loved the relationship between those two.
user1: k, nice talking to You... I think we're done here
user1: bb
user2: Ok, nice talking to you.

conversation:
user2: hey
user1: hello
user1: I am interested in the movie, and would love to hear more about it
user1: Do you have a working title? 
user1: Plot? 
user2: have you seen malficient  before?  And I thought I pick another movie but somehow the survey assign us a movie on malficient
user1: I have seen parts of malficient
user2: when you say working title, pilot, you mean the title for the movie and pilot of the movie right?
user1: Yes the plot and title
user2: Parts of it?  did you see the beginning, the middle or the end?
user1: a little of the middle
user2: What did you think of the movie?
user1: I thought it was interesting
user1: would you care to share the beginning and end of it with me
user1: refresh my memory on the middle? 
user1: please and thank you :)
user2: Haha, I also only got a glimpse here and there of the movie, but I think there was a princess, a dark fairy, a human helper
user1: lol
user1: i see 
user1: well would you reconsider watching the movie? 
user1: I think I will watch the movie again
user2: I am seeing the plot right now and apparently the dark fairy was in love in with a human when they were both young, and then they separated and the fairy was taking care of the moors, the kind of the human try to invade the moors thus leading to the complication that continue with the princess, and the love between the fairy and the other human, and a war
user1: Feel free to finish the conversation at any time
user1: sounds super interesting
user1: i will rewatch it
user2: haha, we have to finish the conversation according to instruction so you will have to keep chatting with me until it meet the requirement
user1: oh crap
user1: how 
user1: The other user will read a document about a movie.If you are not told the name of the movie, try to ask the movie name.After you are told the name of the movie, pretend you are interested in watching the movie, and try to gather all the information you need to make a decision whether to watch the movie in the end.You don’t have to tell the other user you decision in the end, but please share your mind at the feedback page.
user1: i finished mine lol
user2: it's not really that bad, you just have to keep chatting with me about the movie and its related
user1: well maleficent
user1: not the worst movie ever
user1: havent seen it
user2: Eventually, the finish conversation button will work once we talked about it enough
user1: i think it sounds super worth watching
user1: have you done many of these things
user1: this is my first one. about maleficient
user1: in general. what a great idea for a film
user2: so after the human and the fairy love each other when they were young and they grow apart, and then the king of the human was wounded, then the war started, the human was trying to kill the fairy played by Angelina jolie, this was when the human who was once her childhood lover tried to kill her but could not get herself to
user1: Maleficent is a 2014 American dark fantasy film directed by Robert Stromberg from a screenplay by Linda Woolverton, and starring Angelina Jolie as Maleficent with Sharlto Copley, Elle Fanning, Sam Riley, Imelda Staunton, Juno Temple, and Lesley Manville in supporting roles. Loosely inspired by Charles Perrault's original fairy tale and Walt Disney's 1959 animated film Sleeping Beauty, the film portrays the story from the perspective of the eponymous antagonist, depicting her conflicted relationship with the princess and king of a corrupt kingdom.[4]Walt Disney Pictures announced the film's development in 2010, with Joe Roth as producer and Jolie, Don Hahn, and Michael Vieira as executive producers. Principal photography took place between June and October 2012. The film special screening took place in London on May 9, 2014, at Kensington Palace.[5] Maleficent premiered at the El Capitan Theatre in Hollywood on May 28, 2014, and was released in the United Kingdom that same day. The film was released in the United States on May 30, 2014 in the Disney Digital 3D, RealD 3D, and IMAX 3D formats, as well as in conventional theaters. It was met with mixed reviews from critics, but was a commercial success, having grossed over $758 million worldwide, becoming the fourth highest-grossing film of 2014 and the highest-grossing film starring Jolie. The film received an Academy Award nomination for Best Costume Design at the 87th Academy Awards.Contents  [hide] 1	Plot2	Cast3	Production3.1	Writing3.2	Filming3.3	Re-shoots3.4	Visual effects4	Music4.1	Track listing5	Release5.1	Marketing5.2	Novel5.3	Home media6	Reception6.1	Box office6.1.1	Commercial analysis6.2	Critical response6.3	Accolades7	Themes8	Sequel9	References10	External linksPlot[edit]Maleficent is a powerful fairy living in the Moors, a magical forest realm bordering a human kingdom. As a young girl, she meets and falls in love with a human peasant boy named Stefan, whose love for Maleficent is overshadowed by his ambition. As they become older, the two grow apart, and Maleficent becomes protector of the Moors. When King Henry tries to conquer the Moors, Maleficent mortally wounds him and forces him to retreat. As he lies dying, he declares that whoever kills Maleficent will be named his successor and marry his daughter, Princess Leila. Stefan visits Maleficent in the Moors. He drugs her, but cannot bring himself to kill her. Instead, he cuts off her wings with iron, which is lethal to fairies, and presents them to the king. Devastated by Stefan's betrayal, Maleficent turns the Moors into a dark kingdom. She finds a raven named Diaval to act as her wings, spy and confidant. She transforms him into different forms as needed, including human.After some time, Diaval informs Maleficent that Stefan, now king, is hosting a christening for his newborn daughter, Aurora. Bent on revenge, Maleficent arrives uninvited and curses the infant princess: on her sixteenth birthday, she will prick her finger on the spindle of a spinning wheel and fall into a deep sleep from which she will never awaken. When Stefan begs for mercy, Maleficent mocks him and offers an antidote: the curse can be only broken by true love's kiss. Fearing for his daughter's safety, Stefan sends Aurora to live with three pixies—Knotgrass, Thistlewit, and Flittle—until the day after her sixteenth birthday, while he destroys all the spinning wheels in the kingdom and hides their remnants in the castle dungeon. He sends his armies to find and kill Maleficent, but she surrounds the Moors with an impenetrable wall of thorns. King Stefan slips into madness and paranoia, trying to prevent the curse, even neglecting to see his wife on her deathbed.Despite her initial dislike for Aurora, Maleficent begins to care for her when the bumbling and neglectful pixies fail to do so. After a brief meeting with the young Aurora, Maleficent watches over her from afar. When Aurora is fifteen, she encounters Maleficent. Knowing that she is being watched over, she calls Maleficent her "fairy godmother." Maleficent tries desperately to undo the curse but is unsuccessful, as the curse proves to be unbreakable by any means other than true love's kiss. In the forest, Aurora meets Prince Philip, and the two are attracted to each other. On the day before Aurora's sixteenth birthday, Aurora tells Maleficent that she would like to live with her in the Moors. When Aurora returns to the cottage, the pixies inadvertently tell Aurora of her past. Having learned of Maleficent's true identity, Aurora runs to her father's castle.After a brief reunion with his daughter, Stefan locks her away in a room for her own safety while setting up a plan to kill Maleficent. However, the power of the curse draws Aurora to the dungeon, where a spinning wheel magically reassembles itself. She pricks her finger and falls into a deep sleep, fulfilling the curse. Maleficent, intent on saving Aurora, abducts Phillip and infiltrates Stefan's castle, but Phillip's kiss fails to awaken Aurora. At her bedside, Maleficent apologizes to Aurora and kisses her forehead. Aurora awakens, as Maleficent's motherly feelings towards her count as true love. However, as Maleficent and Aurora attempt to leave, they are ambushed by Stefan and his guards, with an iron net dropping on her. Maleficent transforms Diaval into a dragon, and he battles Stefan's guards, but he is eventually caught as well. Stefan taunts Maleficent, who is dizzy and sick from the iron, his former love for her fully gone, but before he can deliver a killing blow, Aurora finds her wings and releases them. They fly to Maleficent and reattach themselves. Maleficent carries Stefan to the top of the castle's highest tower and beats him easily and quickly in battle, but cannot bring herself to kill him. Stefan attacks her as she turns away, however, and both plummet from the tower. Maleficent breaks away and sends Stefan to his death.In the end, Maleficent returns the Moors to its former glory, and Aurora is crowned queen to unify the two kingdoms.Cast[edit]Angelina Jolie (left), Sharlto Copley (center) and Sam Riley (right)Angelina Jolie as MaleficentIsobelle Molloy as Young MaleficentElla Purnell as Teen MaleficentSharlto Copley as Stefan[6]Michael Higgins as Young StefanJackson Bews as Teen StefanElle Fanning as AuroraVivienne Jolie-Pitt as Little AuroraEleanor Worthington Cox as Pre-teen AuroraJanet McTeer as Elderly Aurora/NarratorSam Riley as Diaval[6]Imelda Staunton as Knotgrass[6]Juno Temple as Thistlewit[7]Lesley Manville as Flittle[6]Brenton Thwaites as Prince Philip[8]Kenneth Cranham as King Henry[6][9]Hannah New as Princess LeilaProduction[edit]Angelina Jolie had long been attached to the project since March 2010, when Tim Burton, who had tentatively planned to direct, chose not to pursue it.[10][11] Jolie's desire to play this role stemmed from her love of the character when she was a little girl.[12] Linda Woolverton was commissioned to write the script for the film.[13] On January 6, 2012, Disney announced that Robert Stromberg, the production designer of Alice in Wonderland and Oz the Great and Powerful, would direct the film.[14] Joe Roth, Don Hahn, and Richard D. Zanuck were hired as producers, although Zanuck died later that year.[15] Roth said the film would not have been made if Jolie had not agreed to take the title role: "She seemed like the only person who could play the part. There was no point in making the movie if it wasn't her."[16]In March 2012, Elle Fanning was reported to be in talks for the role of Princess Aurora, the Sleeping Beauty.[17][18] Her casting was officially announced in May 2012, along with Sharlto Copley as the male lead, King Stefan, Princess Aurora's father, then described as the half-human, half-fairy son of a human king, along with Imelda Staunton; Miranda Richardson as Queen Ulla, then described as a fairy queen who is Maleficent's aunt with a dislike of her niece; Kenneth Cranham as a king; Sam Riley as Diaval, a raven who changes into human form and is Maleficent's right hand; and Lesley Manville.[6]Director Stromberg highlighted the "wonderful" contrast between the two lead actresses, Elle Fanning and Angelina Jolie, calling the character of Aurora the "beacon of light" that he was looking forward to blending with the darkness of Maleficent.[19]Writing[edit]"I was really moved by the script from first reading. It was like uncovering a great mystery. We all know the story of Sleeping Beauty and we all know Maleficent and what happened at the christening because we've all grown up with that. But what we've never known is, what happened before?"—Angelina Jolie[20]Linda Woolverton's screenplay went through at least 15 versions as the film progressed in the production.[21] Director Robert Stromberg said: "I met many times with Linda Woolverton, the writer. We did lots of roundtable discussions and sort of cut out the fat as much as we could and sort of purified the storyline as much as we could".[22] In some earlier versions of the story, Stefan was the half-human, half-fairy bastard son of King Henry. The version of the screenplay which went into shooting originally included two characters called Queen Ulla and King Kinloch, the fairy queen and the fairy king of the Moors, and the aunt and uncle of Maleficent.[6] Miranda Richardson and Peter Capaldi were cast and shot the Queen Ulla and King Kinloch scenes, but their roles were cut in the editing process together with more than 15 minutes of the first act of the film. Stromberg said: "We spent a bit more time originally in the fairy world before we got into the human side of things ... we wanted to get it [the film] under two hours. So we cut about fifteen minutes out of the first act, and then that had to be seamed together with some pretty basic reshoots."[23]Stromberg later claimed in an interview that he employed an "age-old" emotional storytelling for the film and called it "the biggest thrill" against all technology advances.[19] "And the way we play with that is we have somebody who's perhaps in love but betrayed and doesn't believe that true love exists. So the moral to it is we can all feel dark ourselves but not to lose hope because there is light in places where we might not be expecting", he explained.[19]Filming[edit]Principal photography began on June 13, 2012.[24] Some filming took place in the Buckinghamshire countryside.[25]Re-shoots[edit]John Lee Hancock assisted Stromberg with re-shoots for the film. Hancock, who had just finished overseeing the final post-production stages of Saving Mr. Banks, was approached by producer Joe Roth, with whom he had worked on Snow White and the Huntsman. Roth said: "He's not directing. He wrote pages, and I hired a first-time director, and it's good to have him on set." Roth was asked why a "film of this magnitude was entrusted to a novice director", and he noted that Stromberg won Academy Awards for production design on Avatar and Alice in Wonderland. Roth said: "The movie is gorgeous to look at, and the last 75 minutes are really entertaining. The issue was the opening, which was re-shot over eight days."[26]Visual effects[edit]As a previous production designer, Stromberg sought to balance the use of practical and computer-generated effects. For example, while Maleficent's horns and facial prosthetics were created by makeup artist Rick Baker, Digital Domain took facial capture of Imelda Staunton, Lesley Manville, and Juno Temple for the three pixies to be generated with high authenticity with the help of special rigging by Disney Research in Zurich.[19] For the visuals, Stromberg wanted to make it "a bit more grounded" and "not too surreal" because it could be distracting from the simplicity of the story.[19] He also regretted not employing bigger sets and allowing actors to work in a more tangible environment, on "real sets with real lights".[19]Music[edit]James Newton Howard was hired to score the film in October 2012.[27] On January 23, 2014, it was announced that recording artist Lana Del Rey would be covering the song "Once Upon a Dream", from the 1959 film Sleeping Beauty as the title song for Maleficent. The song "Once Upon a Dream" is based on the Grand Waltz from ballet "Sleeping Beauty" written by Russian composer Tchaikovsky. [28][29]Del Rey was handpicked by Angelina Jolie to perform the song.[30] The single was released on January 26 and was made available for free for a limited time through Google Play.[31][32]Maleficent (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)Film score by James Newton HowardReleased	May 27, 2014Studio	Abbey Road StudiosGenre	OrchestralLength	1:11:46Label	Walt DisneyTrack listing[edit]All music composed by James Newton Howard (Tracks 1–22).Maleficent (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)No.	Title	Writer(s)	Performer(s)	Length1.	"Maleficent Suite"	 	 	6:382.	"Welcome to the Moors"	 	 	1:053.	"Maleficent Flies"	 	 	4:394.	"Battle of the Moors"	 	 	4:585.	"Three Peasant Women"	 	 	1:046.	"Go Away"	 	 	2:267.	"Aurora and the Fawn"	 	 	2:288.	"The Christening"	 	 	5:309.	"Prince Philip"	 	 	2:2910.	"The Spindle's Power"	 	 	4:3511.	"You Could Live Here Now"	 	 	2:2612.	"Path of Destruction"	 	 	1:4713.	"Aurora in Faerieland"	 	 	4:4114.	"The Wall Defends Itself"	 	 	1:0615.	"The Curse Won't Reverse"	 	 	1:2116.	"Are You Maleficent?"	 	 	2:1017.	"The Army Dances"	 	 	1:2818.	"Phillip's Kiss"	 	 	2:2019.	"The Iron Gauntlet"	 	 	1:3520.	"True Love's Kiss"	 	 	2:3321.	"Maleficent Is Captured"	 	 	7:4222.	"The Queen of Faerieland"	 	 	3:2523.	"Once Upon a Dream"	Jack Lawrence, Sammy Fain	Lana Del Rey	3:20Total length:	1:11:46Release[edit]The film was originally slated for a March 2014 release, before it was changed to July 2, 2014. On September 18, 2013, the film's release date was bumped up from July 2, 2014 to May 30, due to Pixar's The Good Dinosaur having production problems and delays.[33] In the United Kingdom, the film was released on May 28.[34]Marketing[edit]On August 10, 2013, as part of the live action motion picture panel of the 2013 Disney D23 Expo in the Anaheim Convention Center at Anaheim, California, Disney unveiled its first look of Maleficent by revealing the new logo of the film's title and one-minute clip from the film. Angelina Jolie made a surprise visit to the expo and talked with the attendees about her fascination with Disney's Sleeping Beauty as a child, her working experience with the filmmakers on the film, and her love of Disney. She also remarked on how she scared little girls when she was in costume, makeup, and acting during shooting; this led to the decision of hiring her own daughter, Vivienne Jolie-Pitt, for the role of the young Princess Aurora, since she would not be scared of her own mother during principal photography.[35]Walt Disney Pictures released the teaser poster for Maleficent on November 12, 2013, featuring Jolie in costume and makeup, akin to the character's depiction in the original film.[36][37] The first trailer was released the following day, on November 13. The first teaser trailer was attached to Thor: The Dark World, The Hunger Games: Catching Fire, Frozen, and Vampire Academy: Blood Sisters.[38] Two more trailers were released in January 2014, revealing Maleficent's appearance. A third trailer featured Lana Del Rey singing "Once Upon a Dream".[39] The final trailer was released on March 18, 2014.[40]Starting April 18, 2014, Disney's Hollywood Studios and Disney California Adventure previewed the film inside the ABC Sound Studio and It's Tough to Be a Bug! theaters, respectively.[41] Disney Infinity 2.0 featured Maleficent as a playable figure utilizing the look from the movie.Novel[edit]A tie-in novel was published alongside the movie's release in 2014, written by Elizabeth Rudnick. The novel elaborates on the movie, utilizing a brief prologue detailing Maleficent's birth, early childhood and parentage. The movie never fully elaborates on how the intense hatred amongst men and fairfolk during King Henry's reign came to be, a void the novel fills. The novel also features some different versions of key moments in the film, for example, Stefan angrily smothers King Henry on his deathbed after he declares that he's still unfit to rule even after having brought Maleficent's severed wings to him. Later, Stefan forges a Royal Proclamation declaring himself as the late monarch's chosen successor. Maleficent's encounter with the infant Princess Aurora in the forest also differs from the one in the film, since Aurora does feel afraid of Maleficent after she frightens her away. Some of these ideas had originally been filmed but were either cut or altered during post-production while others may have been dramatic license on the part of the author.[citation needed]Home media[edit]Maleficent was released by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment on Blu-ray Disc, DVD, and digital download on November 4, 2014.[42] The film topped the home video sales chart in its first week of release.[43] As of February 2015, Maleficent has made over $74 million in total home video sales.[44]Reception[edit]Box office[edit]Maleficent earned a gross of $241.4 million in the USA & Canada, and $517.1 million in other countries, for a worldwide total of $758.5 million against a budget of $180 million.[3] Calculating in all expenses, Deadline.com estimated that the film made a profit of $190.77 million.[45] Worldwide, in its opening weekend, the film earned $175.5 million,[46][47] $9 million of which was from IMAX locations.[48] It is also the biggest debut among films starring Angelina Jolie,[48] and the actress' highest-grossing film of all time worldwide,[49][50] as well as the fourth-highest-grossing 2014 film (behind Transformers: Age of Extinction, The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies, and Guardians of the Galaxy), and the 15th Disney-distributed film to surpass the $700 million mark at the worldwide box office.[51] The film is also one of four Walt Disney Studios releases in 2014 to gross over $500 million; the other titles being Guardians of the Galaxy, Captain America: The Winter Soldier, and Big Hero 6.[52]In North America, Maleficent earned $4.2 million in Thursday night showings, surpassing the midnight or late-night grosses of previous live-action fantasy films, Alice in Wonderland, Oz the Great and Powerful[53][54] and Snow White and the Huntsman. By the end of its opening day (including late-night Thursday earnings), the film earned $24.3 million, similar to Oz, but ahead of Snow White and the Huntsman and behind Alice.[55] Maleficent finished its debut weekend at first place with $69.4 million[46] ($6.7 million of which was earned from IMAX locations and 35% of which was earned from 3D showings),[56][57] which exceeded Disney's expectations of a $60 million opening[58] and making it the largest opening-weekend performance for a live-action film starring Jolie (a record previously held by her 2008 film Wanted),[56] as well as the third-highest opening weekend for a solo female star (behind the first two films in The Hunger Games series).[59] Disney reported that 46% of ticket buyers in Thursday previews were male,[53] while weekend reports said family audiences accounted for 45% of the film's total audience, and couples and teens accounted for 38% and 18% respectively.[56][58] Female audiences and moviegoers over 25 years old held respective proportions of 60% and 51%.[56] Dave Hollis, head of Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, attributed this success to "some momentum and great word-of-mouth."[58] During its first week, the film earned a total of $93.8 million, ahead of Snow White yet behind Oz and Alice.[60] In its second weekend, Maleficent dropped by 50.6% to $34.3 million, finishing in second place.[46] It experienced a smaller second-weekend drop than Snow White,[61][62] yet still bigger than Oz and Alice.[63] In North America, Maleficent is the eighth-highest-grossing 2014 film.[64]Maleficent opened outside North America on the same weekend as North America, earning $20.1 million from 35 territories in its first two days (May 28–29, 2014).[65] During its opening weekend, the film topped the box office with $106.1 million from 47 territories.[47] Its largest opening weekends were in China ($22.2 million),[66] Mexico ($14.0 million) and Russia and the CIS ($13.0 million).[48] On the second weekend of release, Maleficent fell to $61.7 million, earning from 52 markets.[67][68] It was in first place at the box office outside North America on three weekends, its first, third ($39.2 million)[69][70] and fourth ($47.9 million).[71]Maleficent is the fourth-highest-grossing 2014 film,[72] and Angelina Jolie's highest-grossing live-action film.[49] In total earnings, the film's top markets after North America are Japan ($57.6 million), China ($47.7 million), Mexico ($46.2 million), Russia ($37.7 million), Brazil ($33.2 million), the United Kingdom ($31.7 million), Venezuela ($24.5 million) and Italy ($19.1 million).[73] It was also the most watched film at the Maltese box office in 2014, enjoying an eighteen-week run.[74]Commercial analysis[edit]Dave Lewis, writing for HitFix, predicted that although Disney fairy tales and Angelina Jolie's performance might attract audiences, Maleficent would not gross even as much as Oz the Great and Powerful, explaining that the film was released on the same time frame with competitive releases like X-Men: Days of Future Past, Godzilla and A Million Ways to Die in the West,[75] even though it outperformed those films later on. Boxoffice wrote that Maleficent had a successful marketing campaign, featured Jolie in the title role, and its "female-driven" themes and plot aimed at women. However, the site also noted that the film would have to compete with other summer releases, and the character of Maleficent may not attract young children.[76] Todd Cunningham of The Wrap shared the same opinion, writing that "[the film's] connecting with parents and that Jolie's considerable star power is having a big impact."[77][78] Wells Fargo's Marci Ryvicker predicted that Maleficent might be "too dark and scary to be profitable" and was likely to force Disney "into a write-down", as reported by The New York Times; while RBC Capital Markets' David Bank commented that "It's definitely in the 'not a sure thing' bucket."[79][80][81] Wall St. Cheat Sheet explained that the film approached to a more "grown-up" and "sinister" aspect of the classic, and targeted for an older audience like young adults. "It's just too scary for younger children," the site wrote.[82] ScreenRant added that the PG rating of the film would "fill a void in the marketplace, which is currently without a traditional "family friendly" option."[83] Box Office Mojo primarily compared the film with 2012's Snow White and the Huntsman (another film that also focused on a fairy tale villain), predicting that Maleficent "has a good chance" of matching Snow White's gross in North America box office.[84] The film however, ended up grossing double the amount projected.Variety wrote that the film's opening weekend outperforming initial box-office projections was later attributed by analysts in part to Disney's successful marketing to the "potent demographic" (female audiences) much like the studio accomplished with Frozen, in which both films feature a strong female lead.[85] Disney argued that a lack of family-friendly options in the marketplace would "bode well for Maleficent's [box office] performance" in its two first weeks of release.[85]The cost of the film was offset by a rebate from the UK in the amount of £23,535,108 ($37 million in 2012, the period in which it was shot).[86]Critical response[edit]Maleficent received mixed reviews from critics. The film holds a 51% approval rating on the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, based on 211 reviews, with an average score of 5.7/10. The site's consensus reads, "Angelina Jolie's magnetic performance outshines Maleficent's dazzling special effects; unfortunately, the movie around them fails to justify all that impressive effort."[87] On Metacritic, the film has a rating of 56 out of 100, based on 44 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews."[88] Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an "A" grade on a scale of A+ to F.[89][90] Angelina Jolie's performance in the film has been repeatedly singled out for praise by critics.The New York Times stated, with two shorn wings and an astonishing maternal kiss, "Maleficent" demolishes stereotypes that were only tweaked in "Frozen". [91] Kate Taylor of The Globe and Mail was very positive about the film, writing that "[it] surprises not for its baroque visions of a colourful woodland enlivened by joyous fairies and a forbidding castle peopled by unhappy humans, but rather for the thematic richness of its story gloriously personified by Angelina Jolie in the title role." While criticizing the overuse of CGI and 3D effects, she particularly praised the positive message of the film and Jolie's performance. She concluded her review with "Long live the feminist revisionist backstory."[92] On the contrary, Keith Staskiewicz, writing for the Entertainment Weekly, awarded the film a "B-" and wrote that "there's a lot of levitating cliffs and odd flora. But despite their bleeding-edge digital design, the backgrounds have all the depth of the old matte-painted backgrounds of the analog days," which made the film "[feel] classical in nature." He further commented that "The characters are boiled down to their essentials, the humor is timelessly broad."[93] Michael Philips of the Chicago Tribune gave the film two and a half stars, commenting that the recent "formula" that "a new angle on a well-known fairy tale appears in the light" "works" with Maleficent. He also said that the film "is all about second thoughts", as Maleficent "spends much of the film as Aurora's conflicted fairy godmother." Phillips particularly praised Jolie and Elle Fanning's acting, Rick Baker's makeup (for Jolie's "angular, serrated look"), but criticized James Newton Howard's "sloshy, pushy" musical score.[94] Robbie Collin of The Daily Telegraph wrote, "This Disney reimagining of Sleeping Beauty lacks true enchantment, but Angelina Jolie saves the day."[95] Betsy Sharkey of the Los Angeles Times gave the film a positive review, writing "This is Jolie's film because of the Maleficent she makes. Everyone else, even Aurora, fades in her presence."[96] J.C. Maçek III of PopMatters wrote, "Even at its silliest, Maleficent is a well-acted film, with Sharlto Copley turning in a memorable performance and Elle Fanning proving to be an inspired choice for Aurora/Sleeping Beauty. Jolie manages to steal her own show in most every scene. Jolie is excellent as the hopeful fairy, enjoying the world she flies through. She is also brilliant as the Dark Lady, who could be a perfect counterpart to any Darth Vader, as she malevolently takes her revenge on those who have wronged her."[97]Ann Hornaday of The Washington Post awarded the film three-and-a-half out of four stars, commenting that "Still, for all its limitations, "Maleficent" manages to be improbably entertaining to watch, due solely to its title character."[98] Writing for Roger Ebert's website, Matt Zoller Seitz awarded Maleficent three out of four stars, praising the themes of the film and the acting of Jolie. Seitz also called the scene in which Maleficent discovers the loss of her wings "the most traumatizing image I've seen in a Hollywood fairy tale since the Christ-like sacrifice of Aslan in 2005's The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe."[99] The review in The Globe and Mail further explained that "in the simple context of a fairy tale, Jolie does make both the terrifying horned creature and her gradual awakening heartfelt," extolling the "emotional richness" behind her physical acts.[92] Richard Roeper of the Chicago Sun-Times felt more negatively, assigning it a D. Although Roeper praised the visuals, he criticized the acting and writing, stating that "the story itself might well put you into the same type of coma that befalls the heroine."[100] However, some such as Stella Morabito of The Federalist, criticized the film for its negative portrayal of men. According to Morabito, "Maleficent lacks a single complex male character". Morabito also criticized the film for portraying Maleficent as a hero.[101]Mary Costa, who voiced Aurora in the 1959 animated motion picture, called the film, "a very good movie". She added that “the concept and perspective are totally different than the original film’s, which makes it new and interesting." As for Jolie's performance, she said "No one could have played the part of Maleficent better," concluding that "she was absolutely magnificent!”[102]Accolades[edit]List of awards and nominationsAward / Film Festival	Category	Recipient(s)	Result87th Academy Awards[103]	Best Costume Design	Anna B. Sheppard	NominatedBroadcast Film Critics Association[104]	Best Costume Design	Anna B. SheppardBest Hair & Makeup	Heartland Film Festival[105]	Truly Moving Picture Award	Robert Stromberg	WonHollywood Film Awards[106]	Hollywood Production Design	Dylan Cole and Gary FreemanHollywood Music in Media Awards	Original Score - SI-FI/Fantasy Film	James Newton Howard	NominatedNickelodeon Mexico Kids' Choice Awards[107]	Favorite movie	People's Choice Awards	Favorite Movie		WonFavorite Family Movie	Favorite Movie Actress	Angelina Jolie	NominatedFavorite Action Movie ActressPhoenix Film Critics Society[108]	Best Live Action Family Film	Best Costume Design	Anna B. SheppardSatellite Awards	Best Costume Design	Anna B. SheppardBest Art Direction & Production Design	Dylan Cole, Frank Walsh, Gary FreemanTeen Choice Awards	Choice Movie: Action	Choice Movie Actress: Action	Angelina JolieElle Fanning45th Annual British Academy Children's Awards[109]	BAFTA Kid's Vote - Film in 2014	Children's Feature Film	Saturn Award[110]	Best Fantasy Film	Best Actress	Angelina JolieBest Performance by a Younger Actor	Elle FanningBest Costume	Anna B. SheppardKids' Choice Award	Favorite Movie	Favorite Actress	Angelina JolieFavorite Villain	Angelina Jolie	WonFavorite Actress	Elle Fanning	NominatedVisual Effects Society Awards (VES Awards)[111]	Outstanding Visual Effects in a Visual Effects-Driven Photoreal/Live Action Feature Motion Picture	Carey Villegas, Barrie Hemsley, Adam Valdez, Kelly Port, Michael DawsonOutstanding Performance of an Animated Character in a Photoreal/Live Action Feature Motion Picture	Darren Hendler, Matthias Wittmann, Jeremy Buttell, Elliot RosensteinHollywood Post Alliance Awards (HPA Awards)[112]	Outstanding Visual Effects – Feature Film	Carey Villegas, Adam Valdez, Seth Maury, Kevin Hahn, David Seager // MPCThemes[edit]Multiple reviewers and commentators have opined that an early scene in the movie, in which Stefan drugs Maleficent and removes her wings from her unconscious body, is a metaphor for rape. Hayley Krischner of The Huffington Post interpreted the scene as an important reference to rape culture: "This is the horrific side of rape culture. We're so enmeshed in it that it's impossible to ignore a metaphoric rape that occurs in a Disney movie". She went on to praise the film for giving a positive and hopeful message to rape victims, ultimately allowing "the woman to recover. It gives her agency. It gives her power. It allows her to reclaim the story".[113] Monika Bartyzel of The Week noted the scene's implications in her review: "In its first act, Maleficent offers a dark, surprisingly adult exploration of rape and female mutilation". However, Bartyzel went on to opine that the film portrayed Maleficent's actions as "a rape revenge fantasy" and criticized the film for not following through on its early subtext, ultimately calling it less feminist and reductive compared to its 1959 counterpart: "In Maleficent, Aurora is the product of a cold and loveless marriage and a vengeful, unhinged rapist. Her safety relies on a trio of clueless and dangerously careless fairies, and her Godmother is the woman who cursed her — and who had, in turn, been violated by her own father".[114] Angelina Jolie addressed the issue during an interview with BBC Radio 4 on the Woman's Hour programme and claimed that the subtext was intentional: "The question was asked: 'What could make a woman become so dark and lose all sense of her maternity, her womanhood, and her softness?' [...] We were very conscious, the writer and I, that [the scene] was a metaphor for rape". She further explained that the answer to the question "What could bring her back?" was still "an extreme Disney, fun version [of the story]", but "at the core it is abuse, and how the abused then have a choice of abusing others or overcoming and remaining loving, open people".[115][116]Jordan Shapiro of Forbes argued that the film's main subtext was the detrimental effects of ultimatums between capitalist and socialist societies. He pointed out that the Moors represented a socialist, nature-oriented, democratic society while the human kingdom was one of capitalism, industry and absolute monarchy. Shapiro further commented that the character of Stefan, his theft of the Moors' riches (the jewel) and his mutilation of Maleficent's wings for the sake of his ambition were references to the American Dream. He conceived the wing-tearing scene as "a social commentary that any hierarchical rise to power inherently happens through the exploitation of others", explaining that it was the reason why "without her wings, Maleficent also becomes an oppressive ruler of the Moors. Everything she represents, believes and stands for has been grounded", and "like most victims of oppression", "she takes it out on those who are smaller and weaker". He concluded that through the merge of the two kingdoms at the end of the film, it sought to weave together capitalism and socialism and let go oppositions: "It is time to leave the kingdom of familiar partisan oppositions: let's replace either/or with neither/nor or both/and".[117]Sequel[edit]On June 3, 2014, Angelina Jolie hinted about the possibility of a sequel.[118] On June 15, 2015, Disney announced the sequel with Linda Woolverton returning to write the screenplay and Joe Roth to produce the film.[119] On April 26, 2016, it was confirmed that Jolie would reprise her role as Maleficent.[120] On August 30, 2017, Disney hired screenwriter Jez Butterworth to re-write the initial script by Woolverton.[121] On October 3, 2017, it was reported that Joachim Rønning (Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales) is in talks on directing the sequel.[122] In January 2018, it was reported that the sequel would start filming in April 2018.[123]References[edit]Jump up ^ "Maleficent (PG)". British Board of Film Classification. May 14, 2014. Retrieved May 15, 2014.Jump up ^ FilmL.A. (May 2015). "2014 Feature Film Study" (PDF). FilmL.A. Feature Film Study. Retrieved November 11, 2017.^ Jump up to: a b "Maleficent (2014)". Box Office Mojo (IMDb). Retrieved December 6, 2014.Jump up ^ "Maleficent: Press Kit" (PDF). The Walt Disney Studios. Archived (PDF) from the original on June 8, 2014. Retrieved June 6, 2014.Jump up ^ "Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie at the Maleficent Screening". Ikon London Magazine. 10 May 2014. Retrieved 8 March 2018.^ Jump up to: a b c d e f g Kit, Borys (May 7, 2012). "Imelda Staunton, Miranda Richardson Joining Angelina Jolie in 'Maleficent' (Exclusive)". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved May 7, 2012.Jump up ^ Kit, Borys (May 17, 2012). "Juno Temple Joins Angelina Jolie's 'Maleficent' (Exclusive)". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved June 19, 2012.Jump up ^ Fleming, MIke, Jr. (May 30, 2012). "Disney Crowns Young Prince In 'Maleficent'". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved May 30, 2012.Jump up ^ Eagan, Daniel (May 29, 2014). "Film Review: Maleficent". Film Journal International. Retrieved May 29, 2014.Jump up ^ Brooks, Xan (March 29, 2010). "Tim Burton's Sleeping Beauty: Angelina Jolie poised to play Maleficent". The Guardian. Retrieved October 25, 2014.Jump up ^ Kit, Borys (May 6, 2011). "Tim Burton Won't Direct Disney's 'Maleficent' (Exclusive)". The Hollywood Reporter. Archived from the original on May 18, 2011. Retrieved May 30, 2014.Jump up ^ Leyland, Nick (October 27, 2014). "Interview: Angelina Jolie talks "Maleficent"". The Movie Network. Archived from the original on June 10, 2016. Retrieved March 9, 2015.Jump up ^ "Disney, 'Alice' scribe team for film about 'Sleeping Beauty's' evil queen (exclusive)". The Hollywood Reporter. March 23, 2010. Archived from the original on July 26, 2010.Jump up ^ Fleming, Mike, Jr. (January 6, 2012). "Disney Sets Robert Stromberg To Helm 'Maleficent'". Deadline.com.Jump up ^ Orzeck, Kurt (January 6, 2012). "Disney's 'Maleficent,' Starring Angelina Jolie, Gets a Director". TheWrap.com. Retrieved August 4, 2013.Jump up ^ "Joe Roth | Producer Joe Roth Would Not Have Made Maleficent If Angelina Jolie Turned The Role Down". Contactmusic.com. World Entertainment News Network. April 10, 2014. Retrieved May 15, 2014.Jump up ^ McClintock, Pamela (March 8, 2012). "Angelina Jolie's 'Maleficent' Will Start Shooting in June (Exclusive)". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved March 8, 2012.Jump up ^ Fleming, Mike Jr. (March 8, 2012). "Elle Fanning To Join Angelina Jolie In 'Maleficent'". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved March 8, 2012.^ Jump up to: a b c d e f Desowitz, Bill (May 30, 2014). "Director Robert Stromberg Talks 'Maleficent': Cutting Edge Virtual Cinema and Age-Old Emotional Storytelling". Indiewire. Retrieved 30 August 2014.Jump up ^ "Angelina Jolie is Maleficent in Cinemas May 29th in 3D". Finance.yahoo.com. 2014-05-27. Retrieved 2014-07-03.Jump up ^ Brown, Emma. "Linda Woolverton and the Making of Maleficent". Interview. Retrieved June 7, 2014.Jump up ^ Kaye, Don. "Maleficent director Robert Stromberg talks bringing Sleeping Beauty to Life". Den of Geek. Retrieved June 7, 2014.Jump up ^ Bibbiani, William. "Maleficent: Director Robert Stromberg on True Love and Reshoots". CraveOnline.com. Retrieved May 30, 2014.Jump up ^ Savage, Sophia (June 19, 2012). "First Look at Angelina Jolie as 'Maleficent'; Disney Kicks Off Production". Indiewire. Retrieved January 27, 2016.Jump up ^ McConnell, Donna; McCormack, Kirsty (June 20, 2012). "Angelina Jolie starts shooting new Disney movie Maleficent". Daily Mail. London. Retrieved June 18, 2013.Jump up ^ Kit, Borys; Kim Masters (October 10, 2013). "Disney's 'Maleficent' Enlists John Lee Hancock for Reshoots (Exclusive)". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved January 27, 2014.Jump up ^ "James Newton Howard to Score Disney's 'Maleficent'". Film Music Reporter.Jump up ^ "Lana Del Rey to release new song after the Grammys". NME. January 26, 2014. Retrieved January 26, 2014.Jump up ^ McIntyre, Gina (January 26, 2014). "'Maleficent': Lana Del Rey croons 'Once Upon a Dream' in Grammys spot". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved January 27, 2014.Jump up ^ "Lana Del Rey handpicked by Angelina Jolie to sing Disney classic Once Upon A Dream for Sleeping Beauty remake Maleficent". Daily Mail. London. January 25, 2014. Retrieved January 26, 2014.Jump up ^ Graser, Marc (January 26, 2014). "Disney's Maleficent Takes Advantage of Grammys With Lana Del Rey Song". Variety. Retrieved January 27, 2014.Jump up ^ Mendelson, Scott (January 26, 2014). "Lana Del Rey Covers "Once Upon A Dream" For Angelina Jolie's 'Maleficent'". Forbes. Retrieved January 27, 2014.Jump up ^ "Disney Announces New Dates for Maleficent, The Good Dinosaur and Finding Dory". ComingSoon.net. Retrieved September 21, 2013.Jump up ^ "Maleficent". Walt Disney Company. Retrieved May 21, 2014.Jump up ^ McIntyre, Gina (August 10, 2013). "Angelina Jolie arrives in Anaheim to unveil 'Maleficent' at D23". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved November 12, 2013.Jump up ^ "Angelina Jolie is magnificent as Maleficent". Entertainment Weekly. November 12, 2013. Retrieved November 12, 2013.Jump up ^ Lewis, Hilary (November 12, 2014). "Angelina Jolie Bewitches in First 'Maleficent' Poster". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved January 27, 2014.Jump up ^ Labrecque, Jeff (November 13, 2013). "'Maleficent' trailer: There's more than horns and thorns to Angelina Jolie's villain". Entertainment Weekly. Retrieved January 27, 2014.Jump up ^ "First Trailer: 'Maleficent'". Variety. November 13, 2013. Retrieved January 27, 2014.Jump up ^ "'Maleficent' New Full Trailer". Retrieved March 18, 2014.Jump up ^ Fickley-Baker, Jennifer (March 18, 2014). "'Maleficent' Sneak Peek Coming to Disney Parks April 18". DisneyParks Blog. Retrieved April 15, 2014.Jump up ^ "Maleficent DVD & Blu-ray". VideoETA. Retrieved July 25, 2014.Jump up ^ "'Maleficent' Captures Top Spot on Home Video Sales Charts, Unseats 'X-Men'". Variety. Retrieved June 12, 2015.Jump up ^ "Maleficent". The Numbers. 9 November 2014. Retrieved 12 June 2015.Jump up ^ Fleming Jr., Mike (March 12, 2015). "No. 6 'Maleficent' – 2014 Most Valuable Blockbuster Movie Tournament". Deadline.com. Retrieved March 13, 2015.^ Jump up to: a b c "Maleficent (2014) - Weekend Box Office Results — Box Office Mojo". Box Office Mojo. IMDb. Retrieved June 9, 2014.^ Jump up to: a b Tartaglione, Nancy (June 2, 2014). "UPDATE: Int'l Box Office: 'Maleficent' Awakens $106.1M Overseas; 'X-Men' Adds $95.6M; 'Edge Of Tomorrow' Cruises To $20.1M In Select Markets; 'A Million Ways To Die In The West' Holsters $10M; More". Deadline Hollywood. PMC. Archived from the original on June 3, 2014. Retrieved June 17, 2014.^ Jump up to: a b c "GLOBAL: 'Maleficent' Edges Out X-Men for Box Office Crown with $100.6M Day-and-Date Debut Overseas". Boxoffice. June 1, 2014. Archived from the original on June 2, 2014. Retrieved June 2, 2014.^ Jump up to: a b "GLOBAL: Strong Brazil Bow Sends 'How to Train Your Dragon 2' to $43.5 Million Overseas Weekend; 'Maleficent' Takes $20.3 Million in China". Boxoffice. BoxOffice® Media, LLC. June 22, 2014. Archived from the original on June 26, 2014. Retrieved June 22, 2014.Jump up ^ Subers, Ray (June 22, 2014). "Weekend Report: 'Man' Defeats 'Boys,' Falls Short of Predecessor". Box Office Mojo. Retrieved June 22, 2014.Jump up ^ Cunningham, Todd (July 22, 2014). "'Maleficent' Passes $700 Million at Worldwide Box Office". The Wrap. Retrieved July 27, 2014.Jump up ^ "Around-the-World Roundup: 'Jupiter' Ascends to Top Spot Overseas". Box Office Mojo. Retrieved February 9, 2015.^ Jump up to: a b McClintock, Pamela (March 30, 2014). "Box Office: 'Maleficent' Enchants With $4.2M Thursday Night; Nabs $20.1M Overseas". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved May 30, 2014.Jump up ^ Subers, Ray (May 29, 2014). "Forecast: 'Maleficent' Set to Reign On Final Weekend of May". Box Office Mojo. Retrieved May 30, 2014.Jump up ^ Subers, Ray (May 30, 2014). "Friday Report: 'Maleficent' Conjures Up $24.2 Million Debut". Box Office Mojo. Retrieved May 31, 2014.^ Jump up to: a b c d "NORTH AMERICA: Studio Estimates: 'Maleficent' Casts Box Office Spell with $70.0M; 'A Million Ways to Die in the West' Soft with $17.1M". Boxoffice. June 1, 2014. Retrieved June 1, 2014.Jump up ^ Subers, Ray (June 1, 2014). "Weekend Report: 'Maleficent' Casts Box Office Spell, 'Million Ways' Dies". Box Office Mojo. Retrieved June 1, 2014.^ Jump up to: a b c Bahr, Lindsey (May 30, 2014). "Box office report: 'Maleficent' reigns with $70 million; 'A Million Ways to Die in the West' disappoints". Entertainment Weekly. Retrieved June 1, 2014.Jump up ^ Vary, Adam B. (June 2, 2014). "Angelina Jolie Proves Why Movie Stars Still Matter". BuzzFeed.com. Retrieved June 2, 2014.Jump up ^ "NORTH AMERICA: 'Maleficent' Casts Box Office Spell with $93.9M in its First Week". Boxoffice. June 6, 2014. Retrieved June 9, 2014.Jump up ^ "NORTH AMERICA: Studio Estimates: 'The Fault In Our Stars' Shines with $48.2M; 'Edge of Tomorrow' Debuts in Third with $29.1M". Boxoffice. June 8, 2014. Retrieved June 8, 2014.Jump up ^ Subers, Ray (June 8, 2014). "Weekend Report: 'Stars' Align for 'Fault,' Cruise Misses with 'Edge'". Box Office Mojo. Retrieved June 8, 2014.Jump up ^ "'Alice' Vs. 'Oz' Vs. 'Maleficent'". Box Office Mojo. Retrieved June 17, 2014.Jump up ^ "2014 Yearly Box Office Results - 2014 Domestic Grosses". Box Office Mojo. Retrieved July 18, 2014.Jump up ^ McClintock, Pamela (May 30, 2014). "Box Office: 'Maleficent' Bewitches Friday Moviegoers for $65 Million-Plus Debut". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved May 30, 2014.Jump up ^ "China Box Office 16-22/06/2014". EntGroup. Archived from the original on July 2, 2014. Retrieved July 2, 2014.Jump up ^ Tartaglione, Nancy (June 9, 2014). "Intl Box Office: 'Edge Of Tomorrow' No. 1 With $81M; 'Fault In Our Stars' Shines Bright In Brazil, Mexico, Oz; 'Maleficent' Adds $61.7M; 'X-Men' Crosses $100M In China; More". Deadline Hollywood. PMC. Retrieved June 9, 2014.Jump up ^ "GLOBAL: 'Edge of Tomorrow' Leads the Overseas Box Office, Reaches $140.1M Global Cume Following North American Release". Boxoffice. June 8, 2014. Archived from the original on June 16, 2014. Retrieved June 9, 2014.Jump up ^ Tartaglione, Nancy (June 16, 2014). "Final Int'l Box Office: 'Godzilla' Thrashes Again With $38.4M Weekend Led By China; 'How To Train Your Dragon 2′ Fires Up $24.4M; 'Fault' On Fire In Brazil". Deadline Hollywood. Archived from the original on June 23, 2014. Retrieved June 17, 2014.Jump up ^ "GLOBAL: 'Godzilla' Takes Over China, Crosses $400M Worldwide". Boxoffice. BoxOffice® Media, LLC. June 15, 2014. Archived from the original on June 20, 2014. Retrieved June 15, 2014.Jump up ^ Kay, Jeremy (June 22, 2014). "Maleficent rules international box office on $48m". Screen Daily. Archived from the original on June 24, 2014. Retrieved July 2, 2014.Jump up ^ "2014 Yearly Box Office Results (Sorted by Overseas Grosses)". Box Office Mojo. IMDb. Retrieved August 19, 2014.Jump up ^ "Maleficent (2014) - International Box Office Results". Box Office Mojo. IMDb. Retrieved June 23, 2014.Jump up ^ "Films immirati lejn it-tfal fost l-aktar popolari mal-Maltin". Television Malta. Retrieved January 19, 2015.Jump up ^ Lewis, Dave (April 15, 2014). "Summer Box Office Predictions 2014: 'X-Men,' 'Transformers,' 'Maleficent'". HitFix. Retrieved June 9, 2014.Jump up ^ BoxOffice Staff (April 4, 2014). "Long Range Forecast: 'Maleficent'". Boxoffice. Retrieved June 9, 2014.Jump up ^ Cunningham, Todd (May 8, 2014). "Angelina Jolie's 'Maleficent' Tracking for $60 Million-Plus Box-Office Opening". The Wrap. Retrieved June 9, 2014.Jump up ^ Cunningham, Todd (April 25, 2014). "The 5 Biggest Box-Office Summer Showdowns". Business Insider. Retrieved June 9, 2014.Jump up ^ Atkinson, Claire (April 1, 2014). "Scary prospects for Disney's 'Maleficent'". The New York Post. Retrieved June 9, 2014.Jump up ^ Jones, Reid (April 2, 2014). "Wall St. Predicts Maleficent DOOMED for the Box Office". MoviePilot. Retrieved June 9, 2014.Jump up ^ David (April 7, 2014). "Report: Angelina Jolie's 'Maleficent' "Scaring Away Investors" / Set For Box Office Bomb?". That Grape Juice. Retrieved June 9, 2014.Jump up ^ Knight, Ella (April 18, 2014). "12 Future Blockbusters That Will Burn Up the Box Office This Summer". Wall St. Cheat Sheet. Retrieved June 9, 2014.Jump up ^ Agar, Chris (May 28, 2014). "Box Office Prediction: 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' vs. 'Maleficent'". ScreenRant. Retrieved June 9, 2014.Jump up ^ Subers, Ray (April 23, 2014). "Summer 2014 Forecast". Box Office Mojo. IMDb. Retrieved June 9, 2014.^ Jump up to: a b Lang, Brent (June 2, 2014). "'Maleficent' Shows Strength of Female Audiences at Box Office". Variety. Variety Media, LLC. Retrieved June 2, 2014.Jump up ^ Groves, Don (February 1, 2016). "Hollywood Studios Reap Hundreds Of Millions In British Tax Relief". Forbes. Retrieved March 3, 2018.Jump up ^ "Maleficent (2014)". Rotten Tomatoes (Flixster). Retrieved March 24, 2017.Jump up ^ "Maleficent". Metacritic. Retrieved May 31, 2014.Jump up ^ Lang, Brent (May 28, 2014). "Box Office: Angelina Jolie's 'Maleficent' Looks to Put a Spell on Seth MacFarlane". Variety. Retrieved May 31, 2014.Jump up ^ Busch, Anita (May 31, 2014). "Box Office: Disney's 'Maleficent' Spells Success; 'A Million Ways To Die In the West' Flatlines; 'X-Men' Falls Hard". Deadline.com. Retrieved May 31, 2014.Jump up ^ Scott, A.O.; Dargis, Manohla (September 3, 2014). "Sugar, Spice and Guts". The New York Times.^ Jump up to: a b Taylor, Kate (May 29, 2014). "Why Angelina Jolie's Maleficent is magnificent". The Globe and Mail. Toronto. Retrieved June 12, 2014.Jump up ^ Staskiewicz, Keith (June 11, 2014). "Maleficent (2014) Movie Review". Entertainment Weekly. Retrieved June 12, 2014.Jump up ^ Phillips, Michael (May 29, 2014). "Review: 'Maleficent' ★★ 1/2". Chicago Tribune. Retrieved June 12, 2014.Jump up ^ Collin, Robbie (May 28, 2014). "Maleficent, review". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved May 29, 2014.Jump up ^ Sharkey, Betsy (May 29, 2014). "Review: Angelina Jolie is wickedly good in the not-quite-classic 'Maleficent'". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved May 30, 2014.Jump up ^ Maçek III, J.C. (November 4, 2014). "In 'Maleficent', Angelina Jolie Channels Shakespeare's Richard III". PopMatters.Jump up ^ Hornaday, Ann (May 30, 2014). "Angelina Jolie stars in 'Maleficent,' a feminist-revisionist take on Sleeping Beauty". The Washington Post. Retrieved May 30, 2014.Jump up ^ Seitz, Matt (May 29, 2014). "Maleficent Movie Review & Film Summary (2014)". RogerEbert.com (Ebert Digital LLC). Retrieved June 3, 2014.Jump up ^ Roeper, Richard (June 2, 2014). "Maleficent (2014)". RichardRoeper.com. Retrieved June 3, 2014.Jump up ^ Morabito, Stella (2014-06-06). "'Maleficent': Once Upon A Screed." The Federalist. Retrieved 2016-04-25.Jump up ^ "California Institute of the Arts: Mary Costa, Awake and Sing" California Institute of the Arts, Retrieved September 11, 2015Jump up ^ Labrecque, Jeff (January 15, 2015). "Oscars 2015: Full list of nominations". Entertainment Weekly. Retrieved January 15, 2015.Jump up ^ Hammond, Pete (December 15, 2014). "'Birdman', 'Budapest' And 'Boyhood' Get Key Oscar Boost To Lead Critics Choice Movie Award Nominations; Jolie Rebounds From Globe Snub". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved December 15, 2014.Jump up ^ "Truly Moving Picture Award". Heartland Film.Jump up ^ Longeretta, Emily. "Hollywood Film Awards 2014 Winners — Full List: 'Gone Girl' & More". Hollywood Life. Retrieved 15 November 2014.Jump up ^ "Nickelodeon revela los nominados a los Kids' Choice Awards México 2014". anmtvla.com.Jump up ^ "Phoenix Film Critics Society 2014 Awards". Phoenix Film Critics Society. Archived from the original on February 6, 2015. Retrieved December 9, 2014.Jump up ^ "Children's in 2014". Bafta.org. 2014.Jump up ^ "The Academy of Science Fiction Fantasy and Horror Films". saturnawards.org.Jump up ^ "13th Annual VES Awards 2015: Full list of nominations". www.visualeffectssociety.com. 2015.Jump up ^ "Hollywood Post Alliance Awards 2015: Full list of nominations".Jump up ^ Krischer, Hayley (June 6, 2014). "The Maleficent Rape Scene That We Need to Talk About". HuffPost. Retrieved June 10, 2014.Jump up ^ Bartyzel, Monika (June 6, 2014). "Girls on Film: Maleficent is less progressive than 1959's Sleeping Beauty". Retrieved June 10, 2014.Jump up ^ Bahadur, Nina (June 11, 2014). "Angelina Jolie: 'Maleficent' Scene Is A 'Metaphor For Rape'". HuffPost. Retrieved June 20, 2014.Jump up ^ Holmes, Sally (June 12, 2014). "Angelina Jolie Says Violent Maleficent Scene Was a Metaphor for Rape". Elle. Retrieved June 20, 2014.Jump up ^ Shapiro, Jordan (June 5, 2014). "Why Disney's 'Maleficent' Matters". Forbes. Retrieved June 10, 2014.Jump up ^ Coonan, Clifford (July 10, 2015). "Angelina Jolie Hints at 'Maleficent' Sequel in China". hollywoodreporter.com. Retrieved June 3, 2014.Jump up ^ Fleming Jr, Mike (June 15, 2015). "'Maleficent' Sequel On Disney Drawing Board As Linda Woolverton Makes Scripting Deal". deadline.com. Retrieved June 16, 2015.Jump up ^ McClintock, Pamela (April 26, 2016). "Disney Stakes Out Release Dates for 'Jungle Book 2,' 'Maleficent 2' and More". hollywoodreporter.com. Retrieved May 5, 2016.Jump up ^ Drum, Nicole (August 30, 2017). "'Maleficent 2' Headed Into Production". comicbook.com. Retrieved September 11, 2017.Jump up ^ Kroll, Justin (October 3, 2017). "Angelina Jolie's 'Maleficent 2' Taps 'Pirates of the Caribbean' Director Joachim Ronning". Variety. Retrieved October 3, 2017.Jump up ^ Burke, Carolyn (January 5, 2018). "Maleficent 2 Sets Spring Filming Start Date". Screen Rant. Retrieved January 13, 2018.External links[edit]Official websiteMaleficent on IMDbMaleficent at AllMovieMaleficent at the TCM Movie DatabaseMaleficent at Box Office MojoMaleficent at Metacritic
user2: I think you just got to watch it to see if you like it, the story is ok, but there is also special effects and acting, it is worth watching but not on the must watch list
user2: what are you doing? like sending me links, the links really do not work,  feels like you may be a chatbot
user1: is this the one that you are referring to?
user1: no im not a chatbot
user1: i am trying to figure out what it was and type about it
user1: sounds good
user2: the name of the movie is maleficent, and there Angelina jolie play the fairy, but the link you listed does not work so I can not really verify 
user1: dying to see it

conversation:
user1: What's a good movie to watch?
user2: You should watch Maleficent. It's a superhero movie with a CinemaScore of A
user1: Like the Maleficent from Sleeping Beauty?
user2: It was loosely inspired by it, yes. Instead of Aurora, it's about the antagonist. It stars Angelina Jolie.
user1: What's it about exactly?
user2: It's about Maleficent's relationship with the princess and king of the kingdom, which is currupt and filled with unhappy people.
user1: Who else stars in it?
user2: Sharlto Copley, Elle Fanning, Sam Riley, Imelda Staunton, Juno Temple, and Lesley Manville.
user1: So what does the review say is good about the movie?
user2: It says it "demolishes stereotypes" that appeared in the movie Frozen. Its story has thematic richness, and the title character, played by Angelina Jolie, is incredibly entertaining to watch.
user1: How long is it?
user2: It doesn't say how long the film is.
user1: Who directs it?
user2: It was directed by Robert Stromberg.
user1: I wonder what "stereotypes" they're talking about.
user2: I believe it refers to having a strong female character who doesn't need a man to validate and empower her. She is strong on her own.
user1: Oh I see.  I like Angelina Jolie.
user1: What else can you tell me about the movie?
user2: Maleficent is a powerful fairy who falls in love with a human peasant. They grow apart and he ends up betraying her terribly. Maleficent is devastated and turns the Moors, where she lives, into a dark kingdom.
user1: So it gives a back story as to why she turns evil.
user1: What's a good scene?
user2: King Henry declares on his death bed that whoever kills Maleficent will become the king and marry his daughter. Stefan, the human Maleficent had fallen in love with, drugs Maleficent but can't bring himself to kill her. He cuts off her wings with iron and brings them to the king to make him think she was killed by Stefan.
user1: What are the ratings from other sources?
user2: Rotten Tomatoes gave it 51% and Metacritic gave it 56/100
user1: That's not very high.
user2: It seems to have had limitations, probably in the budget. The only negative reviews seem to be about the set and design. Everything about the story has positive reviews.
user1: How are the special effects?
user2: Reviews claim "baroque visions of a colourful woodland enlivened by joyous fairies" and "bleeding-edge digital design".
user1: Oh, that sounds interesting.
user2: It seems very dark and fantastical,with a lot of livliness.

conversation:
user1: Hello... ow's your day so far?
user1: HOw's
user2: hi
user2: YEah fine
user1: Have you seen this movie?
user2: which movie?
user1: Maleficiant
user2: Yes I saw this movie
user1: How did you like it?
user2: I like it a lot, as it compose many characters and describes different creatres
user1: I liked that it was a different perspective of a story most of us grew up with.
user2: Yes I agree with you. Basically I like farry stories from my childhood.
user1: And that there's a loves story twisted in there.
user1: do you like agelina jolie as an actress?
user2: Yes even I am depressed to see when Maleficiant ditched. Her true love were ignored.
user2: Yes ofcourse she suits best for the movie
user2: Her height with wings suits her a lot. Her fly is awesome
user1: I thought she did a great job in her role
user2: Her come back after that is superb scenes
user2: and in the climax with wings is beautiful..
user1: I love how maleficiant takes care of the young girl
user2: She actually has revenge on her but when she sees her beautiful face and shown pity on her is very practical and heart touching.
user1: it is very touching to see the love she has for the child in the end
user2: Yes i love those scenes.. When Stefan afraid of her curse is a wonderful scene though
user1: It is good to see him afraid for what he has done
user2: Yes that too when he go for war, and Maleficiant fight and magics are truely awesome
user2: How do you like Stefan act here?
user1: i think he did a good job. I liked the story the two had and how he betrayed her and she cast a spell on his daughter to get even with him.
user1: I really like how strong a character Maleficiant is.
user1: She is done wrong and takes things into her own hands.
user2: yes every woman should be like Maleficiant, should come back even in distress.. But she lost the wings she born with. That is really bad to realize.
user1: And though she was in love with stefan at one time which turned to hate she loved his daughter
user1: It is but she figured out how to be strong without them
user2: After watching the movie i wish have such wings to fly around..
user2: why only birds or farries have wings?
user1: They are lucky

conversation:
user1: The movie is Maleficent 
user2: Okay, I have tried to complete this task several times and the other user keeps abandoning the conversation half way through. Please don't do that. If we chat quickly, we'll learn about these movies and end the task quickly.
user2: Okay great, please tell me about it.
user2: When did it come out?
user1: I won't!
user2: cheers!
user1: Angelina Jolie plays Maleficent
user2: That's a weird name...
user1: 51% rotten tomatoes
user2: This is supernatural or something?
user1: It's Disney I think
user2: oohh...not a great rating
user1: I love the movie
user2: Hmmmm...sometimes I trust personal recommendations!
user2: Those ratings aren't always right...
user1: She's a fairy that lives away from everyone else 
user1: when she was little she fell in love with a human boy
user2: Okay, this sounds more familiar
user1: when they get older they lose touch
user2: Okay, seems like a common fairy tale type storyline
user2: :)
user1: lol
user2: Any other well-known actors?
user1: Shartto Copley
user1: Elle Fanning
user2: I don't recognize that name
user2: Oh, I know Elle Fanning
user1: Yeah, she is cursed 
user2: Any indication on how intense elements are in the movie? Can kids really watch it? Young ones?
user1: and the only way to break the spell is love's true kiss
user2: lol...the kis!
user2: *kiss
user1: Yeah, I've watched it with mine
user2: Okay, good to know
user1: The kiss isn't from a boy though
user2: Who is the kiss from?
user1: Maleficent actually loves and cares about sleeping beauty
user1: Aurora
user2: So, she's looking after her or something? 
user1: Sort of
user1: She wanted to save her, she basically caught her snooping around the forest where she lived
user2: Ah. And, naturally, there's a bad guys or bad guys. 
user1: yea.
user2: What's the overall conflict?
user1: The young lover of Maleficent wants to destroy her and have power, curses Aurora, he cuts off Maleficent's wings, she goes to the kingdom and breaks the curse and fights the bad guys and wins
user2: THE. END.
user1: yes!
user2: When did this come out?
user1: 2014
user2: More recent thn I thought
user1: yea
user2: Who directed it? Anyone well-known?
user1: Robert Stromberg
user2: I thought I might recognize the name, but nope!
user1: me either
user1: would you watch it?
user2: Uh, yeah. Sounds interesting...I like Angelina Jolie and you have kids and recommended it. 
user1: Okay! great

conversation:
user1: You should watch the movie Maleficent, it has Angelina Jolie!
user2: W==
user2: I'd like to watch the movie...what is it about?
user1: Its a dark fantasy film and it destroys stereotypes that were only briefly touched on in the movie Frozen
user2: That sounds interesting and I liked the movie Frozen.
user1: It is kind of based on the original sleeping beauty but from the view of Maleficent who is originally portayed as a villian in Sleeping Beauty.
user2: I've always liked the fairy tale movies and Maleficent sounds like it would be a different slant on the movie.
user1: Then this movie sounds like it is up your alley. The backgrounds are very intricate and have been made with bleeding-edge digital design.
user2: Yes, definitely, are there other well known actors in this movie as well?
user1: Elle Fanning plays Aurora.  There is also Imelda Staunton and Juno Temple playing supporting roles.
user2: I've seen Elle Fanning in a few movie roles and that should be a great part for her as Aurora. I'm not familiar with the other two actors though.
user1: I am not sure if you know this but it one of the scenes has Maleficent as a powerful fairy. She falls in love with a human peasant boy who ends up betraying her.
user2: Oh, that sounds interesting but I don't like the outcome of the peasant boy betraying her in the end. Sounds sad.
user1: That part is sad. The film portrays the conflicted relationship with the princess and the king (who used to be the peasant boy).
user2: So the peasant boy becomes the king at the end of the movie and ends up with the princess?
user1: I dont want to spoil the ending for you.  It got a 5.7 score on Rotten Tomatoes.
user2: Oh, that's true. I'll just have to watch the movie myself. So is the 5.7 score out of a 10 score being the best?
user1: Yes, 10 as the best.Do you generally watch movies with (good/bad) ratings?
user2: I usually don't watch movies if they got a bad rating. Or I go by recommendation of family and friends.
user1: That's smart. I am the same way.  Initially Maleficent does not like Aurora but she begins to care for her when the pixies fail to do so.
user2: So it sounds like Maleficent may seem like she's mean at first, but then starts being nice since she takes care of Aurora?
user1: Yes, Maleficent is one of those tough on the outside but has a warm heart.
user2: That's a good contrast in a movie to keep it interesting.
user1: The day before her 16th birthday Aurora tells her she tells Maleficent that she wants her to live with her in the Moors (fairy forest). But when Aurora finds out from the pixies about Maleficents identity she runs to her fathers castle.
user2: I bet Maleficent feels betrayed and angered then when Aurora leaves.
user1: Yes she does. The King ends up locking away Aurora for her safety. Unfortunately the curse draws Aurora to the spinning wheel where she pricks her finger and falls asleep
user2: So it is like Sleeping Beauty who needs to be awakened with a kiss by her Prince or King?
user1: Exactly, just from the perspective of Maleficent but this time Maleficent wants to save Aurora from the curse not harm her.
user2: Oh good, I like happy endings in movies and this one seems like it'll turn out well.
user1: There is true love in the movie just not where you would initally expect
user2: That sounds like I really need to see the outcome in the movie now for myself.
user1: The performances are really great by all of the actors.
user2: I wonder why it didn't get a higher rating than what you said then?
user1: Well Cinema Score gave it an A and Metacritic gave it 56 out of 100. Thats why I think its good you go by friends and familiys opinions.
user2: Oh, okay, so just a matter of opinion on different polls.
user1: Pretty much. Everyone has their own opinion. It is definitely entertaining to watch and the imagery is fantastic.
user2: I guess I'll have to see the movie to see for myself and decide.
user1: Absolutely! Its the side of the story never told before.
user2: Ok, I guess we can end this conversation now?
user1: yes I believe so since we both replied 12x. Have a swell day!

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1:  Hello 
user1:  What movie do you have I don’t have anything available to me to see 
user2: Have you seen Maleficient?
user2: thats the movie we are discussing today
user1:  Oh I have not seen that movie but I think I saw a preview for it is it the one with Angelina Jolie 
user1: She’s got some sort of horns on her head
user2: Yeah thats right
user2: Angelina Jolie is Maleficient
user2: the main character of the movie
user1:  Is it a Disney movie 
user2: Yeah, its a Disney movie, 
user2: its a tale from 1959
user1:  Oh OK what’s  is it about 
user2: Ao its about a powerful fairy living in Moors, 
user1: The moor?
user2: Ambition then turns Maleficient into the known evil character we know
user2: yeah, Moors, 
user2: a magical forest that borders a human realm
user1:  Oh that sounds really cool 
user1:  Is this the dragon from the Cinderella stories I think 
user2: Yeah, it has good scenes, 
user2: and Im not sure, I think she has more to do with sleeping beaty
user2: its insppired by Sleeping Beuaty
user1: Oh oops
user1:  That seems pretty cool though
user2: It is!, I thought the movie was really good overall
user1: Was it just ambition turn her evil
user2: you should give it a shot definetely
user2: No, not really her ambition but the ambition of a king
user2: he wanted to conquer Moors
user2: and then Melificient mortaly wounds him
user1: Oh okay  he wanted to destroy where she lived ?
user2: he then offers a prize for her head and names as his succesor whomever kills her
user2: yeah, 
user2: and she turned the whole world, Moors, into a dark place
user2: so from then on she became evil
user2: but was good at first
user1:  This sounds like an evil fairy tale guess 
user1:  But it’s definitely something I think I should watch 

conversation:
user1: whats the name of the movie
user2: Iron man.  Have you ever heard of it?
user1: I have many times
user1: love it
user2: I haven't seen it as yet, but I would still like to talk about it with you.
user2: What part did you like the most?
user2: My Mistake.  The move is Maleficent. Did you see that movie?
user1: I did not
user1: I heard it was good though
user2: Did you enjoy Frozen?  Maleficient is also about a princess.  I am sure you have heard about Sleeping Beauty.
user1: i did
user1: that does sound like something good I would like
user1: I do like fantasy
user1: angelina jolie is in it?
user2: Yes, it is a great story.  But it is told from the perspective of the witch, which is a different twist.
user1: oh that sounds different
user1: and cool
user2: Yes,  but it did not get a good score by the critics.  It has a rotten tomatoes score of 51%
user1: oh well
user1: those arent always a tell tale of how good a movie is
user2: I realize.  Little girls enjoyed the movie.
user1: thats what opinions are for
user1: yeah
user1: I bet they do
user2: Do you like Angelina Jolie?  She was the witch.
user1: yes I do, she always great
user1: i am sure she was good here
user2: She is always good.
user2: Elle Fanning also acted.
user1: oh really
user1: she is good too
user2: There is a lot of fantasy in the movie, so I am sure you would enjoy it.
user1: I do like that a lot
user1: I did hear good things
user1: Ill watch it eventually
user2: I am sure you would enjoy it.
user1: I agree too
user2: One critic remarked that it was very entertaining to watch.
user1: I believe it
user1: it looked cool in the trailers
user1: like something I would like
user2: Yes, and you would be able to compare it to the original Sleeping Beauty

conversation:
user1: hello!
user2: hello
user2: do you like dark fantasy films ?
user1: I do! Do you like spin-off Disney movies?
user2: kind of but not too much into them
user1: What dark fantasy film were you talking about?
user2: its interesting to see walt disney bringing old animated films again like sleeping beauty
user1: Absolutely. I really enjoyed Maleficent. Have you seen it?
user2: Maleficent , as per the document its classified as dark fantasy
user2: not really
user2: i am assuming as seen for this task as per the instructions and document provided
user1: Not really? What does that mean? Did you halfway look at it?  
user2: yeah half way and didnt liked it much 
user2: i like other disney movies though 
user1: Angelina Jolie was exceptional in her role.
user2: like jungle book
user2: have you seen that ?
user1: You clearly didn't follow the directions. 
user2: oops
user2: what did i miss
user2: ?
user1: We talk about this movie with only the information as it is presented to us, using the strategies below the input. We can discount these two and do 2 extra so we don't get disqualified.
user2: okay
user2: Do you generally watch movies with (good/bad) ratings? 
user1: Usually I look for the type of film first, but if it's something new and i'm looking for something when i'm bored I will use ratings. I thought Diaval was a really interesting character right from the beginning.
user2: His characted is animated very well
user1: I thought his changing forms was crazy looking.
user2: especially his wings and eyes were looks impressive
user1: eexactly!
user1: Maleficent became increasingly scary during the film.
user2: especially she acted some of intense scenes very natural and they really scared little kids
user1: I was blown away by it. The only character I didn't much feel authentic was Stefan.
user2: May be he just wants to marry King Henrys daughter
user1: That's true. Overall it was a very interesting film and spin on a Disney classic.
user2: i dont understand why it was only awarded 5.7 score on rotten tomates
user2: it should deserve more than that
user1: I think it was because some people don't like the idea of an evil spin-off.
user2: yeah true

conversation:
user2: hello how are you, what is the name of the movie
user1: Hello, Im great the movie is Maleficent
user2: Ah well, well read about it. How is this movie about?
user2: is the main villain of the Disney version of the tale The Sleeping Beauty, the evil witch and fairy that appears in the adaptation of Walt Disney Sleeping Beauty of 1959.
user1: yes, it demoishes sterotypes also 
user2: I understand, this movie has some time. Maleficent is the antagonistic protagonist, that is, the heroine and villain at the same time.
user2: are you here?
user1: she plays the villain then becomes the heroine 
user2: Yes it is. Maleficent, was released on May 30, 2014.
user1: the film is geren as a superhero film. with a twist of course 
user1: genre*
user2: Maleficent is a tall, thin, serious, gothic, terrifying witch, dressed in a long black dress, also adorned with purple tones in the form of flames of fire, with two black horns on her head and when she casts a spell she raises her hands in cross shape and while reciting his spell green flames come out around her.
user1: maleficent is a powerful fairing living the moors, a magical forest realm 
user1: she meets and falls in love with a human peasant boy named stefan, whose love for maleficent is overshawdowed ny his ambition

conversation:
user2: Hi, have you ever watched Maleficent? I haven
user2: haven't*
user1: No, not at all. I'm surprised to read it's based off of Sleeping Beauty.
user1: With it being so dark, I never would've guessed.
user2: Me too, I've never thought to see things from Maleficent's perspective since she's such an evil person.
user1: But that's not the best Rotten Tomatoes score, I wonder how good the movie actually is.
user2: Yeah, they can be pretty critical with scores. It's also hard to see Angelina Jolie play as a villian. She's usually the protagonist in other films.
user2: Do you know of any other films directed by Robert Stromberg? I've never heard of him before.
user1: I've never heard of him, but I know several of this cast. Like Elle Fanning
user1: And I think I'd recognize Imelda Staunton if I saw her, the name sounds familiar.
user2: Oh okay, I'm only aware of Ellie Fanning, besides Angelina Jolie. 
user1: Okay, this is starting to make more sense, at least a bit. Elle Fanning's character of Aurora, that's Sleeping Beauty's name.
user1: I wonder if Elle plays Young Angie essentially.
user2: But who are Diaval and Stefan?
user1: I'm not sure. From the description, Stefan must be evil. Says he drugs her.
user1: Okay, reading the whole thing Stefan wanted to be the successor but couldn't completely betray Maleficient.
user2: But Maleficient didn't see it as that so she made the Moors kingdom evil as a result.
user1: Sounds like it. And Diaval is like her right hand man and confidant.
user2: Do you think Maleficent will send Diaval to kill Stefan?
user1: I'm not clear on what kind of evil Maleficient is since it's still a kid's movie, but I'd say no because it sounds like she once cared for him.
user1: I don't understand the curse. Who is cursed? Maleficient?
user2: It's hard to say, either Maleficent or Aurora.
user1: I don't see Knotgrass' character mentioned, so not sure about her either.
user2: I think that Aurora is cursed. Maybe that is why Maleficent is watching over her before she turns 16?
user1: Maybe. Interesting that she runs from her when she learns the truth. Wonder who she thought she was before that.
user2: Yeah, Aurora already knew about the Moors but not about Maleficent's true identity? She really didn't want her to know.
user1: So, she didn't know she was evil at all? That's interesting. I wouldn't think she could hide it
user1: So, is Aurora the daughter of Stefan?
user1: She ran to her father's castle. Stefan is reunited with his daughter, and then there's mention of Stefan's castle. That wasn't clear to me before if so.
user2: I suppose but maybe Maleficent didn't act evil around Aurora.
user2: Yeah, I'm also confused now.
user1: It definitely seems like she didn't. Aurora viewed as her fairy godmother.
user1: And I don't think Aurora is Maleficient's daughter, but her and Stefan were clearly childhood sweethearts.
user2: Yeah, but it doesn't seem that Stefan cares for her anymore since he still plans to kill her.
user1: I'm seeing why the ratings aren't great though
user1: Angie was likely great in the role, but the story sounds a tad confusing
user2: I agree, the plot is confusing.
user1: Looks like Malefcient is the victor in the end.
user1: As confusing as this sounds, kind of makes me want to watch to understand it better.
user1: This sounds very mature for an animated movie.
user2: It's animated? I thought it was live action...
user1: Oh yes, I guess it is. It's just very costumey I guess.
user1: But it's a kid's movie, right?
user2: The description never specified if it was or not. Maybe PG-13?
user1: Maybe. Even the reference to Frozen makes me think PG. But yeah, it just sounds more mature.
user1: I'm going to see if it'll let me end the conversation.
user1: I thought it would trigger on it's own, but doesn't seem to be.

conversation:
user2: Hi there the movie we have is Maleficent
user2: have you seen it?
user1: I do not believe so. What is it about?
user2: It's a twist on the movie Sleeping Beauty
user1: Who are the big name actors in it?
user2: It stars Angelina Jolie as the main character
user2: Ella Fanning (dakota fanning's) sister is the other
user1: O, I think maybe I did see this movie but it was a while ago
user2: Yes it's from 2014 
user1: Got it
user2: I didn't mind it it was not as good as I hoped though
user1: Was this the movie with that dwarf that had a sled pulled by woodland creatures? haha
user2: HAHA I don't think so but it's got Princess Aurora and the fairies who take her to hide her from maleficent but in this one its from maleficent's side
user1: hmm maybe that was another one of those disney remakes they have done in the last couple years
user2: yeah kind of - it's very dark and to me goes away too far from the original
user1: What kind of info did you receive in the document? Was it just a summary of the movie?
user2: I have key scenes, the cast, genre and then an intro
user2: there's also a part that says Maleficent demolishes stereotypes that were only tweaked in frozen... 
user1: I'm happy to say I have been able to avoid seeing frozen
user2: hahahaha I have a niece who loves it so I did not get so lucky
user1: Did you see this Maleficent movie in theaters?
user2: no i watched it later on- I didn't want to watch because I'm a fan of the original
user2: now had they left it the regular story but made it live action like beauty and the beast i'd have been ok with that
user1: Got ya
user1: How old are you if you do not mind me asking?
user2: I'm 34- you
user1: 28
user1: How long have you been doing Mechanical Turks?
user2: not very long only a couple months and not as often as I'd like because I'm so busy during winter
user1: I'm not sure what else to talk about his movie.
user2: It was weird the twists they put into it but I felt like it shouldn't have been linked to sleeping beauty.
user1: Ya I do not remember much
user2: it reminds me of how they keep showing two little mermaid trailers and one is a dark version that's not like the disney version and then there is the disney version but with live people
user2: like the beauty and the beast with emma watson
user1: Ya did not see that
user1: They are remaking the little mermaid?
user2: from what i"ve seen 
user2: but don't be fooled by the fake dark one- there is no singing lol
user1: haha
user1: I'm trying to figure out what movie I'm thinking of with that dwarf and the sled haha
user2: narnia? alrighty i think we can finish nice talking to you!
user1: Ok great! Have a good rest of your day

conversation:
user2: Hello!
user1: Have you seen Maleficent?
user2: Yes.
user1: It's a good movie
user2: It was a loooong time ago, and I'm not 100% I got to see the whole thing.
user2: I remember liking what I saw though.
user1: It stars Anjelina Jolie
user2: Maybe I need to re watch it. Would you mind reminding me about the movie please?
user2: Ok, like some of her movies.
user1: It's somewhat based on sleeping beauty
user2: The evil Witch lady, right?
user1: Angelina Jolie plays the antagonist and the film is from her point of view.
user1: Its rated 51 on Rotten Tomatoes.
user2: I'm starting to remember a bit. She starts out sweet, right?
user2: Who directed it?
user1: Robert Stromberg directed it.
user2: Ok.
user2: Who else is in the movie?
user1: The film came out in 2014
user1: Eli Fanning, Sam Riley, Imelda Staunton
user1: Cinemascore gives the film an A
user2: So she starts out all nice and happy, but what makes her turn? I dont remember.
user1: Certain things happen that change her
user2: What kind of things?
user1: The king tries to conquer the moors and Maleficent mortally wounds him
user1: She is the protector of the moors
user2: Ooooh, ok.
user2: Something happens to her wings too, correct?
user1: Yes
user2: Do you remember what it was? Did they get cut off or ripped off or something like that?
user1: Stefan cuts off her wings
user2: Stepfan is the king?
user1: yes
user1: It's a fantasy movie

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: hello
user2: Sounds like a interesting film based off of Sleeping Beauty
user1: I agree, have you seen the film?
user2: Nope, but I have heard of Sleeping Beauty
user2: The film stars Angelina Jolie so it should be alright
user1: I think Angelina Jolie played a good Maleficent.
user2: Great, she is a good actress
user2: The movie is kind of old though made in 2014
user1: Yeah, the Cgi brings it up to speed though, so it dont feel like its that old at all.
user2: Have you heard of the director?
user1: No, i have not.
user2: Good, I wouldn't want to watch a film with bad CGI
user2: They are calling it a dark fantasy sounds kinda of scary lol
user1: some parts might be for kids.
user2: That is something to think about wouldn't want kids to watch something scary
user1: Rotten tomatoes gave it a 51% i wonder why.
user2: However, it got a A from Cinemascore really conflicting scores
user2: Maybe they didn't like the plot or something
user1: yes it did. i'm assuming thats a god score?
user2: So Maleficient is a powerful fairy living in Moors interesting
user2: Yep, an A sounds like a good score to me
user1: Elle Fanning plays Aurora, have you heard of her?
user2: Her name sounds familiar I probably have seen her work
user2: So Maleficient falls in love with Stefan but he is power hungry and they grow apart typical
user1: I am not too familiar with her work either. She seems decent in Maleficent though.
user2: Good, since she plays the lead
user2: or co lead
user2: They have pretty good critical responses
user1: I do not know who the person that play Stefan is, have you heard of them?
user2: Nope, I haven't
user2: Stefan wants to kill Maleficent wow
user1: Reading this, it all sound way more dark than the actual movie. lol
user2: lol
user1: The spinning wheel was the staple of sleeping beauty. 
user2: So Aurora pricks her finger and falls into a deep sleep and Phillips kiss doesn't awaken her. Maybe he doesn't love her
user2: Spinning wheel?
user1: that could possibly be. maybe its a different kind of love?
user2: Yep, maybe
user2: I think I will watch the movie
user2: Thank you for your insight
user2: Have a great day
user1: you too

conversation:
user2: Hello, nice talking to you.
user2: So have you seen any critical analyses of any good movie recently:
user2: ?
user1: I watched the movie Maleficent, and it got great reviews.
user2: Oh good to know. What type of movie is it?
user1: One of the critics noted that it was improbably entertaining to watch, mainly because of the title character.
user1: It's a superhero movie, I believe.
user1: It starred Angelina Jolie and Elle Fanning.
user2: Interesting. But it has all the special effects as a normal superhero movie?
user1: The main character is the antagonist, and it is described as a dark fantasy.
user2: Does it have too much violence or it is also nice for kids?
user1: The film has faries and odd flora and levitating cliffs as special effects.
user1: I'm not sure if it has too much violence for kids.
user1: The main character definitely has a conflicted relationship with Aurora, and the kingdom it's set in is corrupt.
user2: Oh I got it. So it is like a fairy tale. Good to know. And what about the kingdom?
user1: The kindgom that Maleficent lives in is dark, because she turned it that way after a devastating betrayal. 
user1: The human kingdom is corrupt, with a King who tries to conquer the fairy kingdom but fails.
user1: Did you know that the film received a CinemaScore of A, but a Metacritic score of 56?
user1: Do you care what ratings a movie gets, or do you base your opinions on other things?
user2: The history seems really nice. I normally don't take into consideration the critics when deciding to watch a movie. 
user2: I normally consider more feedback from family and friends. 
user1: I don't either, but it surprised me that this one got such mixed reviews. When I watched the movie, I really enjoyed seeing the story from the perspective of the antagonist. 
user1: I'm not sure if you realized that Maleficient is the evil queen and Aurora is Sleeping Beauty? 
user1: Sometimes I don't even know the names of characters in fairy tales, I only know them as "Evil Queen" and "Sleeping Beauty", so it was nice to see them more as people than just characters.
user2: I didn't see the movie yet. I am trying to decide to watch or not. I like movies with Jolie. She is a nice actress.
user1: Yes, she is. I really recommend this movie. It's nice that the main character changes her mind about Aurora by the end of the story.
user1: Do you like when a movie has a predictable outcome, or unpredictable? I didn't know how Maleficient would end, so I enjoyed the twist.
user2: And what about the other characters?
user1: There are fairies who are not taking great care of Aurora. There is a raven named Diaval who is Maleficent's spy and confidant. There is Prince Phillip (of course!) who falls in love with Aurora.
user1: Oh, I forgot to mention Stefan. He's the real villain in the movie, because he betray's Maleficent to the king and cuts off her fairy wings.
user2: For sure the other characters are important for the history. Did you enjoy the sense of humor of the film?
user1: You should watch the film and see what you think of the humor. Sometimes I find things funny that others do not. I do think you would enjoy the way the film uses the familiar story in an unfamiliar way. One critic said that the story is "gloriously personified" by Angelina Jolie, and I completely agree.
user2: I don't know as there are other films to watch I need to be sure this one is really worth seeing. And the scenario is it amazing?
user1: Yes, it really is. I hate to give the whole plot away, but there's plenty of action, and even a dragon!
user2: Uh with a dragon it seems more suitable for kids. What else?
user1: I thought it was amazing how the movie managed to change my mind about Maleficient by the end. There isn't much "evil" in the Evil Queen, really.
user2: That is interesting to know. I like this kind of end. What else called you attention?
user1: If you're looking for more grown up elements, there's a real tenderness between Aurora and Maleficent. Almost motherly, you could say. Their relationship changes and grows, as Aurora at one point gets angry and leaves the moors and Maleficent.
user2: And Aurora became queen? She should right?
user1: I also enjoyed the 2 types of romantic love portrayed in the movie. One seems legitimate and long lasting, the other is not. 
user2: Ok. Thanks a lot for the review. I will decide based on that. Nice talk.
user1: Thank you!

conversation:
user1: Hello!
user2: hey
user1: Seen any cool movies lately?
user2: perhaps 
user1: cool cool cool
user2: still there
user1: yep
user1: See any movies in the paper?  Been trying to find some online and I can't find any that look good.
user2: yes. thor ragnarok
user1: Oh?  Is that good?  I hear the spinoff movies arent really too wonderful.
user2: it was really funny
user1: What was your favorite part?
user2: the character korg 
user2: i thought he was my favorite part of the movie
user1: what does korg bring to the table?  What does korg look like?
user2: rock looking guy. hes really unusual and funny in the movie and very entertaining 
user1: What was his best line?
user2: "I'm made of rocks. You don't need to be afraid unless you're made of scissors 
user1: ha ha ha ha ha
user1: Who has the hero of the movie?
user2: thor and hulk
user1: Hulk was in this movie?  Unreal!
user1: Who was the bad guy?
user2: hela. thors sister
user2: i thought thor movie was better than the previous 
user1: What was the previous called?
user2: thor ragnarok
user2: i would  recommend it 
user1: Oh i must be confused, I that that was the name of this movie.  What is the name of this movie?
user2: maleficent
user1: I did not know that thor and hulk were in maleficent.  Was this fan fic?

conversation:
user1: Good morning! Did you ever see this movie?
user2: Yes, I've seen it.
user1: I like Angelina Jolie and Elle Fanning.
user2: Did you like the movie? I thought it was an interesting take on the fairy tale, but I didn't really enjoy it.
user1: Interesting take on Sleeping Beauty. Sort of like Wicked with the Wizard Of Oz.
user2: Just, kind of like that.
user1: It's interesting that it got pretty bad scores on Rotten Tomatoes and Metacritic, but an A on CinemaScore. I wonder if CinemaScore is paid by the studios.
user2: Yeah, it could be.
user1: Oh it has Juno Temple too. She's a good actress. Usually does indie films.
user2: Really? I don't think I've seen her in anything else. Who did she play in this movie?
user1: I'm not sure. Maybe Princess Leila?
user2: I wonder how they came up with the backstory for Maleficent.
user1: Yeah it seems like an interesting story. The background seems based partly on real historical figures.
user1: I would be pissed if I was Malificent too. I guess that's the point.
user2: It seems like a mix of history and some traditional fairy tale elements.
user1: That's good because if kids enjoy it, they may research the actual history behind it and learn some things.
user2: That's true. I used to love things like that when I was a kid, and try to find out all I could.
user1: Yeah it's a good way to learn, and the kids will retain more than if they were just reading a history book.
user1: So in this retelling, Maleficent tries to help Aurora? That is completely different than the original story.
user2: It certainly is. I think they wanted to make her a more complex character than just "evil fairy".
user1: Yes that is true. I agree with that to a point, but sometimes people are just bad too.
user1: Who played Prince Phillip in this?
user2: Yes, and in fairy tales generally, the characters are very simple. 
user2: I don't know.
user1: I wonder if nowadays Aurora would join the #metoo movement, since she didn't ask to be kissed haha.
user2: Maybe, although since he was trying to break the curse I think that changes things a little.
user2: She might be more upset with her father for locking her up.
user1: Sounds like an exciting climactic scene.
user1: Yes great point!
user2: The ending seems a bit overwrought to me. I feel like many movies try too hard to make things exciting at the end and it just goes on too long.
user1: Oh so there is the dragon sequence. That was great in the animated version. Scared the hell out of me when I was a kid.
user2: Me too. 
user1: We're good. Have a great day!

conversation:
user1: Good morning
user2: Hello! 
user2: Have you seen Maleficent?
user1: I have, with my kid
user1: You?
user2: Yes, I really enjoyed it. I was pleasantly surprised because I wasn't sure how they would pull it off with Maleficent.
user1: It was definitely a different take on the classic story
user2: Yes, I especially enjoyed Sam Riley as Diaval. He and Jolie had great comedic chemistry.
user1: That was her sidekick, right?
user2: Yes. the shape-shifter, so to speak.
user1: I did not catch his name on there, but I remember the character
user2: It really got to me when Maleficent and Stefan were children and then he betrayed her, I must admit.
user1: Pretty messed up thing to do
user2: Yes, but his ambition was too strong.
user2: And when he cut off her wings. Ugh, that was awful.
user1: This is true... He definitely did wrong to the wrong person...
user2: Yes, indeed. Payback was definitely total.
user2: I thought Elle Fanning was perfect as Aurora. What did you think?

conversation:
user1: Hi there
user2: how are you
user1: seen any good movies lately?
user2: yes sure
user1: which one(s)?
user2: a 2014 movie superhero
user1: Iron Man?
user2: nope Maleficent
user2: have you heard or seen it before
user1: I have not
user1: what's it about
user2: oh you shoul in this movie play a star like Angelna Jolie
user1: Who does she paly?
user2: and the reviews are pretty good
user1: what did it get on rotten tomatoes
user1: play*
user2: if you go and see to Rotten Tomatoes which is a site where you can see the review of the movie
user1: but what score did it get
user2: Angelian plays the role of Maleficent 
user2: Angelina  sorry
user1: who is Maleficient
user1: and what score did the movie get on rotten tomatoes
user2: Maleficent is a powerful fairy living in the Moors
user2: it has a rate of 5.7 at rotten tomatoes
user1: what are her p owers
user1: aren't rotten tomato scores out of 100%? it only has 5%??
user2: it has 51 %
user2: the critical Response has good reviews for this movie
user1: Oh 51%
user2: yeah but it has 4 years that it is shown
user2: since 2014
user2: it is a movie from dark fantasy film directed by Robert Stromberg

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: Hi, Have you saw this movie?
user1: Can you tell me the name of the movie please?
user2: Oh, sorry. It's Maleficent
user1: Yes I have 
user1: Can you tell me what the movie is about?
user2: Well, I enjoyed it. 
user1: What age range would you say the movie is appropriate for?
user2: It's a twist to this type of movies. It gives the perspective of the antagonist, how her relationship is with the princess and the king of the corrupted kingdom.
user2: The age group is for all ages, I think.
user1: Who would you say is the star character? Character name and life name if you know it
user2: The main star would be Maleficent, which is Angelina Jolie
user1: Okay  Thank you and have a good day!
user2: We have to finish several rounds before we can go
user2: So, ask some quick questions, and I will reply quickly.
user2: It will lit up 'finish conversation' when we can go
user1: Oh okay
user1: Do you know what country the film takes place in?
user2: It's animated, and it takes place in the Moors
user1: Oh- perhaps we are thinking of two different versions
user2: Maleficent falls in love with Stefan, when they are both young. But, his love is overshadowed by his ambition, and betrays her. And I'm sorry, it's not animated lol, My bad
user1: Ha ha. Okay  Wasn't sure there
user2: Maleficent meets Aurora, a pixie, and starts to care for her, so she begins watching over hr
user1: Is Aurora the pixie?
user2: She is, and Aurora meets Prince Philip, and they like each other
user1: I am so confused lol
user2: Aurora ends up being Stefan's daughter, 
user1: I must have missed something when I watched it
user2: he is the king that Maleficent loved as a young girl.
user1: I know that part its the part of Aurora being a pixie I don't recall
user2: It's mainly a story about the villian's perspective
user2: Aurora was a fairy pixie, she had wings that got cut off 
user2: Well, why did you leave?

conversation:
user1: oh i love the movie Maleficent.
user2: I did too.  Did you think Angelina Jolie did a good job as Maleficent?
user1: yes I think she did
user2: This was way different than the Disney version.
user1: I like the twist they put on an classic 
user2: Sometimes it doesn't work when they update an animated classic.
user1: you are right. I took me a while to figure out that she cares for her
user2: Don't you think the Rotten Tomatoes score is off?
user1: yes . i think it should be scored higher. but often the movies i like are not critic favorites 
user1: i dont agree with the the Metacritic Score either
user2: It was interesting seeing Maleficent side of the story.  She's a good villain.
user1: yes i liked the good villian twist . kida like megamind
user2: Did you like Elle Fanning as Aurora?
user1: she was ok 
user2: Kind of blah, huh?
user1: yea she did not do much to change the character. just i am a princess here i am
user1: i for got about the beginning when he cuts her wings off it has been a while since i have seen it
user2: I think they should have picked someone else, but I don't know who
user2: That was a little different way to start the movie
user1: When Aurora is fifteen, she encounters Maleficent. Knowingthat she is being watched over, she calls Maleficent her "fairy godmother." i dont remember that part. 
user1: i might need to watch it again
user2: It's hard to remember all the parts!
user2: It was good enough to see twice though.
user1: yes i think i will try to watch this one again
user2: I have to admit.  I laughed at the name Knotgrass.
user1: i did not like the part where the spinning wheel reassembles itself. i thought they should have done something different
user1:  Knotgrass. is a funny name
user2: I guess they need the spinning wheel special affect!
user1: i guess so . they have to have it or the beaty would not fall asleep
user2: Aurora should have stayed away from spinning wheels.
user1: i agree

conversation:
user2: Hey there!
user2: Are you still there?
user2: Hello....
user1: Yes
user2: Great!
user1: How are you doing?
user1: What did you think of Maleficent?
user2: I'm good. I think that movie is really nice.
user2: Have you watched that movie?
user1: Yes
user2: I've watched that movie too.
user1: Did you like Angelina Jolie's performance?
user1: Shame about the wings...
user1: Would you watch it again?
user2: Do you agree with the rating of rotten tomatoes given to that movie?
user1: Yes
user1: The movie was ok
user2: Yes, I like angelinas performance.
user2: She is a great actress.
user1: I enjoyed it but there are better movies
user1: I think that too
user1: She is great in everything she is in
user1: In my experience
user2: I can watch the movie many times because it is really good.
user1: is this a type of movie that you typically like?
user1: Not sure this is a "Superhero" movie though...
user2: Do you like fantasy movie?
user2: Yes, I like this specific type of movie.
user1: Yes
user2: Fantasy movie is my favorite.
user2: Who is your favorite character in this movie aside from Maleficent?
user1: Is theer a scene in this movie that you like? Or a special effect?
user2: Yeah, the scene that I like is when maleficent use her power to transform creature.
user2: I also like the effect when she fly in the forests.
user1: I like when she gets back her wings
user2: I like that part too
user1: I enjoyed talking with you
user2: Do you like the ending of this movie?
user2: me too...goodbye

conversation:
user1: Have you seen this movie?
user2: Hello!
user2: Yes.
user2: It was very good.
user1: I have too
user1: I really enjoyed it. what was your favorite part
user2: Angelina Jolie does a fantastic job playing the part of Maleficent.
user2: It has been awhile since I've seen it.
user1: She really does. She is scary
user1: I haven't seen it recently either...
user1: It kind of amazed me how well she took on that persona
user2: Yes. They do a great job making the movie dark.
user1: I have always been amazed with how people can just step into roles like that
user2: Yeah, I agree.
user2: Well she is a pretty good actress.
user1: True
user1: She has been in alot more movies than it seems
user2: Oh yeah.
user1: i hadn't realized it till I looked her up
user2: I don't think I've seen any recently though, 
user1: Me either. I did she some ad that she was in something but cant recall the name.
user2: Looks like the critics gave this movie a low score though, 
user1: I am not entirely sure why. I thought it was good. Maybe they were looking for something else?
user2: I guess so.
user1: Its always hard to know about critics. 
user1: As well as just general reviews. I take them with a grain of salt
user2: I agree. Sometimes they are way off.
user2: And I guess everyone has different taste.
user1: People rarely write reviews if something is good. Its so subjective
user2: Ha, you've got that right. They jump for the chance to write/say something bad though.
user1: They sure do. Its amazing to watch/see

conversation:
user1: So what'd you think about Maleficent?
user2: An average movie
user1: Yeah, I thought it was fine, entertaining. I like the angle it spun on Sleeping Beauty. 
user1: I saw Sleeping Beauty as a kid so it was a cool juxstaposition
user2: It is an entertaining movie. Do you like superhero movies?
user1: In general, I do! I just saw Black Panther, and really liked that.
user1: I've seen the Iron Men movies, and some other ones too.
user2: I like Angelina Jolie. It was cool to see her portray an antagonist
user1: I agree - and it was a cool angle to see the main character as the classic antagonist
user1: I think that's pretty unusual
user2: Do you think Jolie lived up to her reputation as an 'elite' actor in this movie?
user2: I wouldn't have expected her in it
user2: I think the cinemation helped lessen that burden.
user1: I do! And I think it harkens back to some of her earlier roles where she plays a sort of dark twisted character
user2: I agree. Do you think the movie rating was fair?
user1: yeah, I mean I think given the content there was no way it was going to get stellar reviews
user1: You know, the whole premise is a botched fairytale
user1: It's not life changing I guess
user1: What did you think about the scene where her wings get cut off?
user2: True. It's difficult for fantastical movies to get high ratings due to the alienating effect it has on its audience.
user2: Awful! But I'm also an emotional movie watcher...
user1: Hahaha, It was emotional! But so climactic...the cinematography really enhanced the pain she must have been feeling
user2: I agree. Aurora had to have been so conflicted. Especially considering her her fairy godmother
user1: Right - in Sleeping Beauty there is no question about who is "good" and who is "evil"
user1: but in this context those lines are constantly blurred
user2: How do you feel about this being about a 16 year old finding true love?
user1: Right... it was one thing for the original movie, and I think it could have been interesting if the filmmakers had tried to consider a more modern approach and angle
user1: in which the young female wasn't at the whim of an older man
user1: but maybe that's just my inner feminist talking...
user2: Hey... I completely agree
user1: That being said
user2: I think it's so odd when director's completely ignore the fact that these characters are often wayy underage
user2: But, for the sake of a good movie
user1: the reinterpretation with Maleficent as the true love is redeeming
user2: The actresses are obviously older haha. 
user2: Agreed
user1: And I think it's good to reexamine the role of the father in all of this
user1: As the weirdly overprotective thing backfires
user2: I agree. A mother's role is very important

conversation:
user2: This sounds like an entertaining movie. I like fairy tales anyway, so this sounds intriguing.
user1: Do you think it was to dark to be a fairy tale? Most fairy tale moves are bright and bubbly.
user2: That is true. Although if you think of hansel and gretel for example, where the children get eaten, or red riding hood where the wolf ate the grandma. lol. a lot of times fairy tales can be dark. Do you generally like dark tales?
user1: Since, Maleficent is a Disney film. You think they would make it more soft since children are the target audience of their movies. True fairy tales are dark fantasy like this move.
user2: Yes, I'm thinking that this one was not targeted to children though. What do you think about Angelina Jolie as the lead role? 
user1: She does bring a richness to the role that is hard to capture. What was her best scene in the film in your opinion? 
user2: There are so many excellent scenes. I'm actually surprised that the reviews are so low for rotten tomatoes and metacritic. 
user1: They are middle of the board which is not bad. I expected ratings in the upper 70 to 85. Did they effect your opinion of the film?
user2: I usually don't watch movies that have such bad ratings, but I gave this one a try. I thoroughly enjoyed it. 
user1: The animated film version has a powerful influence on critic judgement. So I understand why the ratings are so low.
user2: Yes, that's a good point. What rating would you give the movie if could? 
user1: A range between 72 to 81. The film captures who Maleficent was but not enough of her personality.
user2: What did you think of the story line? It seems to differ quite a bit from the sleeping beauty fairy tale that I've read before. 
user1: In this film, you see the cause of the villain's hate. The original fairy tale only shows one side or the aftermath of Maleficent's story. Do you think this film explains both sides enough?
user2: Yes, I think that is what I enjoyed about this film. It is not one sided like many fairy tales are. I like the suspense of waiting to see how the film will turn out, considering the viewpoint of the different sides. 
user1: Since you see both sides in the film, do you think Maleficent was justified in reacting that way in the end?
user2: Yes, I think she is justified. She has gone through so much in her life. What do you think about it?
user1: Yes. She is innocent until Stefan betrays her by drugging her and cutting off her wings. I feel that he could have done something else to reach his personal goals.
user2: Yes, I think so too. What do you think of the cinematography? It seemed a little lackluster to me, although it had the potential to be amazing. 
user1: It feet the mood of the plot. I didn't get use to it until later in the film. But once you're in the story is works when you get the tone.
user2: What did you make of the relationship between Aurora and Maleficent? 
user1: Maleficent sees herself in Aurora and wants to guide her down the right path. Do you think King Henry and Stefan are kind of the same character?
user2: Hmmm. I hadn't thought of that before, but I can see what you mean. There are some similarities. Do you think they are the same character?
user1: Both want to have complete power in some form or another. The king wants Moors while Stefan wants to feel powerful and be see as such.
user2: Yes, I can see that. I thought the final scene was so suspenseful. It had me on the edge of my seat. Will one die? Who will win? Will they both die? I was happy by the ending though.
user1: Me also. I am going to rewatch it. I think watching it again will answer so question I had towards the end.
user2: I want to watch it again this weekend too! Its been a while but discussing it has made me want to rewatch it!
user2: I'm going to try to understand better the relationship between aurora and maleficent. And also the similarities between King henry and stefan. 
user1: The relationship of the king and Henry makes me think could Prince Phillip be the same or opposite in a way. Rewatching would help answer that question.
user2: Yes, that will be interesting to keep a look out for. 
user1: Why do you think Maleficent's kiss works but not Price Phillip when they are at Stefan;s castle?
user2: I suppose because of her magical powers. I hadn't really questioned it. Is that not addressed in the movie?
user1: I agree with that. I guess her love was stronger than his for Aurora at the time.

conversation:
user2: Hello how are you?
user1: Hi there! Good, how are you?
user2: Fine thank you! Would you say you’re a Disney fan?
user1: I would! I enjoy most Disney movies. How about you?
user1: Do you feel Maleficent received an appropriate rating?
user1: Hello?

conversation:
user2: Hello, did you like the movie?
user1: It was ok, I really liked some of the actor performances though, especially Angelina Jolie's character. 
user1: What did you think about it?
user2: I liked it, too. I thought Angelina Jolie was perfect for the part.
user1: I think the critics were overly harsh on it, it was a decent popcorn movie. 
user2: I can't believe it only got 51% from the Rotten Tomatoes...
user1: Yeah but rottentomatoes isn't a reliable source anymore. One of my favorite movies ever, Man on Fire, received a terrible score years ago. 
user2: I thought Elle Fannings was a good match for the part of Aurora, too.
user2: Yeah, I guess I'd just ignore the Rotten Tomatoes ratings from now on.
user1: Yeah, she definitely did the part justice. Do you think the movie did the previous inspirations like Charles Perrault's fairy tale and Sleeping Beauty justice?
user2: I thought this was a nice twist to the original. Sadly the human was the cause for the tragedy, Stephen's betrayal...
user1: Yup, leave it to humans to screw everything up.
user1: It was really touching when Maleficent met Stefan for the first time.
user2: Yes, it was sweet and magical. Maleficent was a sweet fairy...
user1: Yeah, if only she met somebody better than the ambitious Stefan...
user1: The part about Diaval was really unique, I didn't see that coming at all!
user2: I know. It was so sad when Maleficent woke up and found Stefen has taken her wings...
user1: Yeah, it would be like waking up in a hospital and finding out that the doctors amputated all your limbs...
user2: Yup. awful. Aurora was so sweet, even Maleficent couldn't resist her charm. 
user1: Yeah, a cold Maleficent learned to love again.
user1: It's a shame the curse was so powerful.
user2: I agree. Also Stefen's greed was so powerful, too. 
user1: Yeah. I can't imagine what Aurora felt when she learned Maleficent's true identity.
user1: The betrayal must've really stung...
user2: It must have been devastating...
user2: Phillip's kiss was not the one that awaken Aurora...
user2: Here's another twist to the story...
user1: Yeah, that's a shame.
user1: It was such an amazing reaction to see Aurora wake up to Maleficents kiss!
user2: I love the part when the wings fly back to Maleficent. Super power!
user1: haha yeah, faires are amazing!
user2: It shows that love is stronger than hate
user1: Yeah. It's a shame that Stefan desired revenge so much. He didn't need to pointlessly die. 
user1: Did you feel bad at all when Stefan met his demise?
user2: That's the sad thing about greed. It blinds you and robs you of good things you have...
user1: Yup, it's a fearsome thing.
user1: After reliving that emotional ride again, I can't understand the mindset of the critics...
user2: All in all it was a good movie, beautiful scenes, good story line. Different take on classic...
user2: Acting was good, too.
user1: I wholeheartedly agree. This conversation put a couple pieces into place that I didn't understand while watching the movie. 
user2: It was nice talking to you.
user1: yeah, you too, bye!

conversation:
user1: Hello there, have you read the document of the movie?
user2: Hi there! Yes I am looking at the movie...
user2: It is called Maleficient and is a superhero movie starring Angelina Jolie
user1: What is the plot?
user2:  It only got about a 50% positive rating. Director Robert Stromberg
user1: Does it have a good cast?
user2: I've never heard of any of the other actors!
user2: It is loosely based on Sleeping Beauty
user1: Is it a childrens film?
user2: Maleficient (Jolie) is in a conflicted relationship with the kingdom
user2: No definitely not
user1: Is Maleficent the antagonist or protagonist?
user2: Protagonist
user1: What were the negative reviews about the film?
user2: Havent gotten those yet...
user1: Are you a fan of Anj Jolie?
user2: Jolie is a fairy who falls in love with a human peasant boy. Then Joie wounds the kind and sends out a decree to kill Jolie.
user2: etc.etc
user2: The peasant boy cuts off her wings!
user1: So she was betrayed by the one she loves?
user2: I'm not really a Jolie fan. 
user1: Yeah me either, she kind of creeps me out.
user2: It sounds like an entertaining movie if you're are in to dark fantasy 
user1: Would you call it sci-fi?
user2: It says it has good digital design.
user2: But kind of blah.
user2: Not sci-fi.
user2: Dark fantasy.
user2: Superheroes.
user1: It is a cartoon or partially animated?
user2: No animation. Real peeps
user1: Does it have special effects?
user2: Yes.
user2: Jolie is a fairy.
user2: So one assumes she does magical things.
user1: Is it set in a modern day setting?
user2: Jolie turns a raven into her wings....transforming him at will,
user2: I don't think that applies.
user2: It is a fairy tale.
user2: Based on the original Maleficient
user1: Off the reviews, would you recommend I see the film?
user2: Are you a fantasy, fairy tale fan?
user2: Dark things, like batman maybe?
user1: Occasionally
user1: Good news the questions are over!
user1: Im going to finish the convo now :)
user2: Cool. Good talking to you!

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: hey
user1: What do you think of Maleficent?
user2: it was good, it got an A on cienmascore
user1: I watched it a bit agoand it was better than I thought it would be too
user1: Jole did good
user2: angelina jolie was great in it
user1: ya
user2: it reminded me of sleeping beauty
user1: I was surprised Disney did the film as it was pretty dark in places
user1: I think it was a blend of several fairy tale stories
user2: the critaical responses were pretty good
user1: My kid liked it a lot, she identified with Maleficent
user2: i loved the moors
user1: Spooky places are cool
user1: I wanted to kill the price when he cut off the M's wings
user2: that was a heart breaking scence
user1: down right low
user1: No wonder she hayed humans so much
user1: hated
user2: she was crazy
user1: I would have been crazy after that too
user2: aurora was a good character
user1: M taking the kid Aurora was interesting turn of events
user1: showed he motherly side, what little there was of it
user2: yes i enjoyed that
user1: the pixies taking care of the lkid was funny
user2: the pixies were nice too
user2: stefan was a good character
user1: Stefan was the typical hero
user2: the dragon scene was nice
user1: I like dragons
user1: kind of felt sorry for all the flunkies he burned up though
user2: it was an entertaining scene but maybe bad for kids
user1: my kid loved it
user1: I think it was the justice and irony
user2: maybe kids can learn from it
user1: I actually smiled when S fell off the tower

conversation:
user1: Hi
user2: Hello
user2: How are you doing today?
user1: Great, thanks!
user2: Seen any good movies lately?
user1: Maleficent with Angelina Jolie. 
user2: How was that?
user1: it is a dark fantasy film that is loosely based on Disney's Sleeping Beauty
user2: The previews looked good
user2: Oh, that sounds really good.
user2: Did you like it?
user1: It basically portrays the story from the perspective of Maleficent and depicting her troubled relationships with the princess and the king of a corrupt kingdom
user1: it is ok
user2: That's an interesting take on the fairy tale.
user1: Yes, malificent is actually a powerful fairy that lives in the Moors, which is a magical forest that borders a human kingdom.
user2: I like movies that take a fresh aspect on things.
user1: When she was young, she fell in love with a human peasant boy named Stefan who rebuffed her for his own ambitions
user2: Is that what made her turn "evil"?
user1: Stefan went to kill her because she mortally wounded the king and he put a bounty on her .. whoever killed her could be his successor
user2: Wow, sounds pretty interesting.
user1: he couldn't bring himself to kill her so he just cut off her wings with iron, which is lethal to fairies and took them to the king
user2: Sounds like she had a good reason to become what she did.
user1: She got so lit over Stefan trying to kill her that she turned the Moors into a dark kingdom and found a raven to act as her wings and confidant. 
user2: Well I like a good anti-hero
user2: Sounds like a movie I would enjoy
user1: She starts stalking this chick Aurora 
user1: which is stefan's daughter
user2: Because she wants her revenge?
user2: She has good reason to.
user1: No, they became close. She stalked her because she had a weird love hate thing going on 
user2: How many stars out of 5 would you give the movie?
user1: 3
user1: Aurora is the sleeping beauty 
user2: OK thanks for telling me about the movie, have a nice day!
user1: bye thanks 

conversation:
user1: Hi.
user1: What would you like to know about the movie?
user2: Hello. What is the genre of the movie?
user1: It is a fantasy/superhero movie.
user2: Did you agree with the overall rating given foe the movie?
user1: I did. Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 51% and Metacritic gave it a 56/100.
user2: Angelina Jolie portrays the main character, how well does she do in this role?
user1: She was okay. At times, she overacts. When she does this, it takes away from the movie.
user1: I did like Elle Fanning in her role though. 
user2: Elle Fanning as Aurora was a great choice. Her role as Aurora was precise an captivating
user1: I agree. When I was watching the movie, my eyes were always drawn to her. Her portrayal of Aurora was spot on. What did you think of Angelina Jolie in her role?
user2: I do agree that Maleficent is entertaining to watch. I very much enjoyed the scenes with the magical happenings.
user1: Do you agree with the rating that Rotten Tomatoes gave?
user1: Those were good scenes. What else did you like about the movie?
user2: Definitely "rich" as described in critics responses. I have to agree there. I like how she plays a role in "demolishing stereotypes." The critical response seems to be accurate
user2: I do enjoy the difference from the original story. Made it a lot more enjoyable to me.
user1: Yes. I thought the creation of the forest was quite impressive.
user2: The Moors were very impressive. I do not agree with the Rotten Tomatoes rating of the film. 
user1: I also thought that the blending of digital design and the backgrounds was unique.
user2: Based on the 2nd paragraph you can see Maleficent really does care for Aurora. I think that is a great turn for the story. 
user1: What did you think of the transformative relationship between Maleficent and Aurora?
user1: Do you agree that the movie is enjoyable to watch because of the title character?
user2: It was dark but also loving. Their relationship was complicated. Melficent did try to undo the curse she put on her. 
user2: Yes I do agree with that. 
user1: Also, did you think that the movie did a good job of blending digital design with live action characters?
user2: Prince Philip and Aurora met when she was fifteen. Thats a pretty young age to "find your true love
user2: I was surprised when the Prince's kiss did not awaken Aurora. How about you?
user1: I thought that they did a really good job of it.
user2: Yes definitely. Once again a good twist. The wings were a beautiful addition to the story as well
user1: Back to the idea of demolishing stereotypes, I do think that it does like you said. The title character does not have to answer to anyone but herself. That is a far cry from tradional roles.
user2: Yes, and for her to give her life is an amazing end to a story that is expected to be traditional!

conversation:
user2: hello there
user2: what do you think of the movie Maleficient?
user1: hi. I really enjoyed this movie. How about you?
user2: I have not seen it yet
user1: I think it's interesting to note that the genre is listed as "Superhero." I never thought of Maleficent that way. I always saw her as the "bad guy." It mentions that the movie is based on kind of a combo of the original fairy tale and Disney's Sleeping Beauty from the '50s, and in both of those versions one couldn't see Maleficent as anything but bad. But this movie offered a fresh, new perspective on her.
user2: interesting perspective
user2: i see that it only got a 51% score on rotten tomatoes
user1: True. Not a great Metacritic score either
user2: ok
user2: I guess theyre misinformed
user2: they did get an A from Cinema Score tho
user1: Yes. Under "critical response" I see that they mention that Maleficent demolishes stereotypes that were only tweaked in "Frozen." I suppose they're referring to showing a movie from the perspective of the antagonist.
user2: intersrting
user2: thanks
user2: that's very likely
user1: This is also probably the reason why in the introduction it's listed as "dark fantasy"
user1: An interesting perspective we see here is that Maleficent doesn't start out as an evil character, but more or less becomes evil ("turns the Moors into a dark kingdom") because she is betrayed by someone she once loved and she thought loved her.
user2: very interesting info!
user1: As protector of her land, the Moors, Maleficent is forced to defend it when a neighboring king attacks it. She mortally wounds this king and brings down his vengeance on herself. He says that whoever kills Maleficent can have his daughter and his kingdom.
user2: wow
user2: fasinating
user2: i guess i gotta watch it
user1: Stefan, who Maleficent had known from childhood, decides he has the ambition to become the heir to the throne. He drugs Maleficent, but even he isn't heartless enough to kill her. He removes her wings with iron, which according to this document is lethal to fairies (I didn't know!), and presents her wings to the king.
user2: wow
user2: nice
user2: you know a lot about it
user1: Just reading about the key scenes. At first, Maleficent doesn't like Aurora. No big surprise there since this movie was based on Disney's movie. However, after meeting Aurora briefly when the girl is young, Maleficent decides to watch over her from afar. She wants to undo the curse, but she can't, as the only thing that can is true love's kiss.
user2: nice
user2: thanks
user1: Right before she turns sixteen, Princess Aurora meets Prince Philip. On the same day, the pixies accidentally tell Aurora of her past. Now Aurora knows Maleficent's true identity isn't really that of "fairy godmother," and she runs off to her father's castle.
user2: cool
user2: very interesting
user1: Also just before her sixteenth birthday, Aurora tells Maleficent that she wishes to live with her in the Moors.
user2: oh cool
user1: So, Aurora runs to her father's castle. After being briefly reunited, Stefan locks her in a room for her own safety. He's obviously terrified of the curse. However, Aurora can't help but be drawn to a magical reassembled spinning wheel, on which she pricks her finger and falls into a deep sleep, fulfilling the curse.
user2: nice
user1: Maleficent is intent upon breaking the curse at this point. She captures Prince Philip and infiltrates Stefan's castle. She gets Philip to Aurora, but his kiss does not awaken her. Maleficent apologizes to the still-sleeping Aurora and kisses her on the forehead. Aurora awakens. Apparently the feelings Maleficent has harbored through the years for Aurora were truly love. 
user2: ok
user1: In her attempt to escape, Maleficent is stopped when Stefan drops an iron net on her. Iron, remember, is fatal to fairies. Maleficent turns her spy and confidant, Diaval, into a dragon in order to help her, but he is caught as well
user2: thanks
user1: In the end, Aurora reunites Maleficent with her wings.

conversation:
user2: tell me about this movie
user1: I am supposed to have a document to read, however, there is nothing in the box. 
user1: Ok, it just loaded.  The movie is called Maleficent.  Have you seen it before?
user2: i have not
user2: who is in it
user1: It stars Angelina Jolie.  
user2: what type of film is it
user1: It's a dark fantasy, and loosley follows the Disney movie Sleeping Beuty
user2: sounds interesting, is it live action or is a cartoon
user1: I'm not sure, however, the reviews portray this movie to demolish the stereotypes that the movie Frozen has began to
user1: The movie came out in 2014 in the Genre of Super Hero
user2: that answers my next questions about how recent it is.
user1: The title character is said to be improbably entertaining.  It appears to be a very good movie.
user2: are there any other stars listed in the movie
user2: improbably entertaining, sounds, well, improbable.....
user1: Yes, Sharito Copley, Elle Fanning, Sam Riley, and Imelda Staunton.  Are you familiar with any of them/
user2: but that could just be journalistic hyperbole  
user2: yes i have seen all of them in other movies.
user1: CinemaScore gave this movie an A.  Do you think you would like to watch it/
user2: it sounds like a film i might enjoy
user2: but i generally don't rely on critics scores
user1: The story line depicts the conflicted relationship between Maleficent, the princess, and king in a corrupt kingdom.
user2: i'm conflicted by  a hereditary  monarchy
user2: does the kingdom become uncorrupted in the end?
user1: i'm unsure, however, by this movie examining the darker side, I believe either ending would be very interesting 
user1: I've just received new information and further details.  give me a moment to read up on it, and I will hopefully be able to answer more of your questions
user2: cool
user1: I am very interested in seeing this movie.  A key scene entails Princess Aurora pricking her finger on a spinning wheel, she then falls into a deep sleep.  Philip kisses the sleeping princess, however, it does not release her from the curse.  Instead, Maleficent kisses her on the forehead, and the maternal true love is what awakens her.
user2: philip sounds like he's making unsolicited advances on an unconscious woman - that leaves me a little conflicted also 
user2: why do fairy tales always portray the princess as the target of a n evil curse or as the 7weaker character
user2: classical fairy tales anyway
user1: Excellent point. For me, seeing this movie from the standpoint of , what many would believe to be an evil vilian, only to discover she isn't as people think, is an interesting twist on the classic fairy tale.

conversation:
user2: Hello
user1: H
user1: hI, HOW ARE YOU
user1: Sorry, caps lock.
user2: Im well
user2: Have you seen Maleficent?
user1: Yes!  That movie only got a 5.7 on rotten tomatoes but got an A on CinemaScore
user2: Thats weird i wonder why its such a diffrent score
user1: Have you seen it?  It is enterntaining to watch but mostly only because of the title character
user1: Angelina Jolie stars
user2: Oh i didnt know that was her
user1: She is accompanied by Sharlto Copley, Sam Riley, Elle Fanning, and others
user1: Jolie is Maleficient and she is powerful...but she's a fairy in a magical realm
user2: Awesome, it was a great story that was inspired by charales perraults
user1: Yes, and adapted for the screen by Linda Woolverton
user2: When did it come out?
user1: It's derived from the old Sleeping Beauty film from disney
user1: It came out in 2014
user2: Oh nice
user2: So its family friendly then i'd imagine
user1: It is considered a super hero movie, for what that is worth
user1: But....
user2: oh gotcha
user1: Maleficient is involved in fights, 
user1: killiing, 
user1: and jealousy
user2: Thats pretty rare for disney
user1: Well, it is tied to her story.  The King is wounded by Maleficient in battle as he tries to conquer her fairly moors
user1: so he offers a bounty for anyone who can kill her
user2: Oh i can see why she would fight back
user1: She battles to defend herself and her moors
user2: Makes sence, sounds well written
user1: Unfortunatly, she comes to dislike a young lady name Aurora
user1: That's where the jealously comes in
user2: does it end poorly for Aurora?
user1: Aurora thinks she's a fairy godmother!
user1: But she isn't.

conversation:
user1: I really liked this movie, I thought Angelina Jolie was a great actress
user2: She is a great actress! I liked her acting, but wasn't a big fan of the movie itself.
user1: I think the ratings should be higher though for this movie
user2: I disagree. I think the ratings were appropriate
user1: This film was directed by Robert Stromberg
user2: Yes, have you watched any other movies by this director?
user1: No I have not, but i also like Elle Fanning
user2: I like her as well!
user2: She is young, but she is a very good actress
user1: This is a superhero movie, do you normally like movies like that
user2: yes, I do
user2: do you?
user1: I do this is more a fairy tail
user2: It was very sad when Stefan in the movie betrayed Maleficent
user1: I like when she was young she fell in love with Stefan
user2: Yes, me too
user1: It was sad when she mortally wounded King Henry
user2: It was also sad when Aurora found out about Maleficient's true identity, and ran to her father's castle
user1: Aurora called Maleficent fairy godmother at first
user2: Yes, she did
user2: And Maleficient didn't like her at first, but then began to care for her
user1: SHe was smart to run 
user2: Why?
user1: She found out Maleficents true identidy
user1: STephan then planned to kill Maleificent, 
user2: Then Aurora saved Maleficient
user2: by finding her wings and releasing them
user1: she kissed her on the forehead
user2: Then Maleficient carried Stefan to the top of the castle to try to kill him
user1: She count not bring herself to kill him that time

conversation:
user1: hey
user2: Hi.
user2: Have you seen the movie Maleficent?
user1: no i havent. 
user1: who stars in the movie?
user2: Angelina Jolie and Elle Fanning.
user1: what genre or type of movie is it?
user2: Superhero
user1: did this movie win any awards?
user2: No, it didn't, but it has a 51% on Rotten Tomatoes.
user2: Meleficent is a powerful fairy living in the Moors. As a young girl she meets and falls in love with a human.
user1: what is the the movie about?  or what is the plot?

conversation:
user1: Hello
user2: hi
user1: so have you seen this movie yet?
user2: which movie is it?
user1: Maleficent
user2: oh shoot havent watched it yet
user1: Really it's supposed to be a kids movie but it actually scared my kids a little
user2: ohhh I love kids movies..is it disney?
user1: yes its based on the sleeping beauty story
user2: whom does it star?
user1: Angelina Jolie plays the lead part
user1: sadly the rotten tomatos score is a little low
user2: wow thats great..is there anything that stands out about this movie?
user1: I feel its a little harsh
user1: its has some good action and interesting scenes in it
user2: Is it because it scared the kids or because it is legit not good?
user1: no its fine 
user2: okaayyy ..what would be your rating for this movie 
user1: I would say b+
user2: okayy if 2 adults were to go for this movie,would you advise it?
user1: yeah I would say its good for that
user1: did you see the cinemascore
user2: okayy great..whats angelina jolies part in this..does she play the sleeping beauty?
user2: no,not yet
user2: what does cinemascore say though?
user1: They gave a rating of A which I feel is fair
user1: Angelina plays the villian slash superhero maleficent
user1: she plays a really good villian
user2: wow,yes..atleast for her presence,I think the movie is worth a one time watch
user1: yes I would recommend you at least try and watch it one time
user1: its also somewhat of a love story at least for part of the movie
user2: ohh the genre..is it romantic or more of action
user1: action mostly
user1: the romance is only for a short period in the beginning of the movie before the lead actor turns on her
user2: isnt angelina the lead?
user2: or is there another co-lead?
user1: yes 
user1: the lead actor is who turns on her
user2: ahhh
user1: I think his name is Sharito Copley 
user1: he plays Stefan
user2: ohh nice
user1: well it was great talking with you 
user1: have a great day
